3$

Land Owners

may ere(51 Ware-

houses on their

wit Lands s

And in case of

Neglect, Sir

John Ramsden

may erect Ware-

houses.

for tfeertaining

♦he Rates of

Whaifage.

Buniflitng Per-

font destroying

the Works.

" Penalty on Per-

fons ohilru£ling

jthc Works.

Boats to be

marked.

Owners answer-

able for Crews,

G. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III; A.D. 1774*

which Damages, and the Satisfaction and Recompence to be made in rfefpe£l thereof, shall be settled,

adjusted, assessed, ascertained, and determined, by the Ways and Means herein-before prescribed with

respect to other Damages done by getting Materials for making the said Navigation.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to restrain or hinder the Lord' or Lords of any Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners

of any Lands or Grounds, through which the said Canal shall pass, from making, erecting, or using, any

Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranesy Weigh-beams, or Warehouses, in or upon their own Lands,

Grounds, or Wattes, adjoining or near to the said Canal, or from landing any Goods or Merchandise, or

other T hings thereupon, or upon the Banks lying between the fame and the said Canal; or for making

or using proper and convenient Places for Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, to lie in, turn, or pass by each

other; so that the making, erecting, or using, thereof respectively* shall not, and do not, obstruct or

prejudice the Navigation of the said-Canal, or the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and all Sums of

Money which shall be paid for the Use and Benefit of the said Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes,

Weigh-beams, and Warehouses reipedlively* shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the Lord or

Lords of such Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or Grounds, who shall make

and erect such Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes; Weigh-beams, or Warehouses respectively, his,

her, and their Heirs and Assigns; so that the Rates or Dues granted to the said Sir John Ramsden, his

Heirs and Assigns, for Tonnage, shall not be thereby reduced or altered.

XXXII. Provided always, That if any such Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, shall not, within the

Space of twelve Months after Notice given in Writing by or on Behalf of the said Sir John Ramsden, his

Heirs and Assigns, that any Part or Parts bf such Lands, Grounds, or Wattes, is or are intended to be

used by therti for the Purpose of eVedling'Warehouses and Buildings for the Use of the said Navigation,

thake and erect on such Part or Parts of such Lands, Grounds, or Wades, sufficient' Warehouses and

Buildings, on Tome Plan to be approved of by three or more Commissioilers, or shall not maintain and

keep the fame in substantial Repair; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heir*

and Assigns, shall have full and absolute Power and Authority, without any Hinderance or Restraint

whatsoever, to make use of such Lands or Grounds for erecting such sufficient Warehouses and Buildings ;

first making Satisfaction for the fame, in such Mariner as is directed with respefit to other Lands or Grounds

Which shall be takch and used for the like Purposes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no more than the Sunt of Three-pence per Ton shall be de-

manded or taken for Wharfage by any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors, Land Owner or

Land Owners, who shall or may, at any Time hereafter, make, erect, or build, any Wharfs or Quays,

on or near any Part of the said Canal, by virtue of this Act, unless the Goods, Wares, or Merchandise,

Which shall be laid thereon, shall remain or continue on such Wharf or Quay for a longer Time than the

Space of fix Days; but if the fame remain and continue thereon for more than fix Days, then the further

Sum of one Halfpenny a Day shall be paid for the Wharfage of every Ton of such Goods.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy*

any Banks, or other Works to be erecSled or made by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be

guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony;

and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and corividled, shall and hereby

have Power and Authority to transport such Felon for the Space of seven Years to some of his Majesty’s

Plantations in Americay in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by-the Laws and

Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment may, if they think fit, award such Sen-

tence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously do any

Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hindery or prevent, the earrying on, completing, supporting, or maintain-

ing, the said Intended Navigation, or any Works hereby authorised to be made, every Person so offend#

ing shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings; and in De*

fault of such Payment, shall be committed to some House of Correction for the said County of York, there

to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

4 XXXVI. And Mr the better regulating of Matters of Boats, Bargemen, and others, employed upon

the said Canal,* be it further enacted, That every Matter, or Person having the Rule or Command, of

any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, patting on the1 said Canal, stall cause his Name to be set in large painted

white capital Letters on each of the Outsides of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, higher thart.

the fame shall fink into the Water when full loaded; and shall also permit and suffer every such Boas,

Barge, or other Vessel, to be measured at the Expence of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns*

by putting Weights into the fame for that Purpose, or otherwise; and to be marked with Figures, or

other Marks, at each End, on the Outside thereof, fhevVing how much or how far every Ton Weight of

Loading which shall be put into such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, will fink the fame into the Water*

whenever it shall be required by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or such Person or Per-

fons as shall be appointed by him ortherh for that Purpose, provided that no such Vessel shall be mea-

sured more than four Times in any one Year; and every Owner, Matter, or other Person, having the

Rule or Command of any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, who shall refuse or tiegledl to put his

Name thereon, or shall refuse to have his or their Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, measured or marked as

aforesaid, or shall alter, deface, erase, or destroy, any of the said Letters, Figures, Or Marks; he or they

shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Sir John Ramfdcny his Heirs and

Assigns, the Sum of five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every Boat, Barge, or other

Vessel, navigating upon the said Canal, flrall be, and is hereby <made answerable for any Damage,.Spoil*

' f or

