368

Billies, Sec. Sm-

powered to bor-

row 2000I. and

assign the lUtcs

ae a Security,

Minutes of Pro-

ceedings to be

entered in pro-

per Books.

Com tr.ifli oners

to bear tluir

own Expences.

General Meet-

ings to be held

month ly. Sec,

Bailliet, Sec. 1m-

powered to dig

Stones, Sand,

See,

paying the Va-

lue thereof.

Road? tr> be

made to the Har-

bour of Port

CJafgow, See,

exception.

1. 60. Anno decimo quinto Georgi III. A.D. 1775^

and preventing Nufances of every Kind, within the Bounds and Limits comprised in this Act, and enforce

the fame by such small Penalties as they shall appoint, not exceeding in any Cafe ten Shillings Sterling for

each Transgression; to be levied in Manner herein afeer mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Baillies and Trustees, and

their Succefl’ors in Office, or any seven or more of them, at a publick Meeting assembled, shall, and they

are hereby authorised and impowered, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, after defraying the Charges of the

Act, and of purchasing of Buildings and Grounds for the Purposes before mentioned, or other Act or Acts,

Deed or Deeds, under their Hands duly executed, to borrow or take up at Interest any Sum or Sums cf

Money not exceeding two thoufard Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the Rates, Duties,

or Assessments, granted by this Act, for defraying the Charges of this Act, and of bringing in Water,

lighting, paving, and watching the Streets of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, repairing and

keeping in Repair the Bread and East and Wed Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, erecting publick

Markets, paying Minister’s Stipend, SchoolmadePs Salary, and other Works for the Utility and Conve-

niency of the Inhabitants of the said two Towns within the Bounds and Limits thereof aforesaid, and may

assign such Duties to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick ar Corporate, who shall furnish or advance

such Money, or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Repayment of the fame.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat the said Baillies and Trudces, and

their Succefl’ors in Office, shall keep and enter in proper Books Minutes of their Proceedings, and fair,

jud, and true Accounts of the Receipts and Disbur foments of all Monies which shall be received or ex-

pended by them in consequence of this Act; which Books or Accounts and other Proceedings shall be

open at all convenient Hours of Business to the Inspection of any of the Commissioners hereafter named,

or to any of the Fewars of the said Towns of Port Ghfgovj and Newark, possessed and standing infeft in

Lands within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid to the Value of five Pounds Stealing of Rent yeaily; and

the said Commissioners shall at every Meeting bear and pay their own Charges and Expences; and the

said Accounts shall annually, on the Day of disqualifying and cleftin^ four of the aforesaid Trustees, be

regularly balanced by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Billies and Trustees, and be laid before them,

so as they may have a clear and didinft View of the Rates, AileAments, and Funds, to be levied by virtue

of this Act, and of the Receipts, Disbursements, and Expenditures to be made in pursuance of this Act

for the Year preceding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Qiieftions and Business that shall

be difeufl'ed by the said Baillies and Trustees with relation to the Execution of this Act, shall only be

when they are assembled in General Meetings, which are hereby appointed to be held on the first Tuesday

of every Month, or at adjourned Meetings from the said General Meeting; and that all Qiieftions and

Business to be then and there transacted shall be determined by a Plurality of the Voices of the Baillies

and Trustees aforesaid then present; and that the eldest Baillie for the Time, if he be present, and in case

of his Absence, the youngest Baillie, shall preside at all Meetings of the said Trustees, and besides his

having his Angle Vote in common with the other Trustees, (lull, in case of Equality of Voices, have the*

carting or decisive Vote; and that any seven or more of the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby declared

to be, a Quorum,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants,

to open Stone Quarries, Sand, Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gather, take, and carry away, from,

such Quarries and Pits, any Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in or out of any Grounds

lying within two Miles of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark (not being Ground on which

stands any Houses, Garden, Orchard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House), where such Ma-

terials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the fame to be carried off, or so much

thereof as the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or

Servants, shall judge necessary for repairing and keeping in Repair the Breast and East and Weft Quays of

the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for building arid erecting publick Markets and other publick Works

in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Neivark, within the Bounds and Lirqus aforesaid, for the Use and

Utility of the Inhabitants thereof, the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, always paying the

Value (to be estimated according to the Prices of such Materials at the Time in that Part of the Country)

of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Material, to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground,

to the Proprietors, Liferenters, Tacksmen, and other Parties interested in such GrounJs out of which

such Materials shall be carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and nny be lawful to and

for the said Baillies, Trustees, and their Successars, and Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to

make use of and maintain Roads from the said Grounds to be opened for quarrying and digging Stones,

Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, to any Part of the River and Firth of Clyde, or from the said Pits and

Quarries to be opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbour of Port G’afgiw, or to the 'Towns of Port Glas-

gow and Newark, and to make the fame through any Grounds belonging to any Person or Persons what-

soever (not being the Ground on which stands any House or Garden, Orchard, or Walk or Walks

planted, or Avenue to any House), the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done

to the (Bound through which the said Road or Roads pass to the Proprietors, Liferenters, Tacksmen,

and other Parties concerned and interested in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occa-

fioned as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in

the Power of the said Baillies and Trustees, or their Successors, or of their Servants or Agents, or of any

o her Person or Persons employed by them, to dig or carry away any Sand or other Materials for repairing

or keeping in Repair the said Breast or Quays, or other Works afuiefaid, from or out of any of the San5

Banks

e

