S3*

-After July

1776, Stage,

coachet to pay

a Doty of 51.

l«r Aon, c*du

Notice to be

given, and Pay-

lent made,

agreeable -to Act

ioCeo.il.

A Chuse

A£> ^exempting

Persons from

paying for more

than fCartiaget,

lapealed*

After Joly

1776, an addi-

tional Stamp-

duty of 1 a. laid

n all-inden-

tures, Bonds,

dec. heretofore

liable to a Shil-

ling Stamp.

After June *,

*776* anaddi-

t on*l Duty of

i d. laid On every

Pack of playing

Cards, and

#d. on every

Pair of D ice,

made for Sale*

After July 5,

17-6, an addi-

tional Duty of

re Halfpenny

laid.on every

Sheet or Half

Shntof Newt*

paper.

The fold Duties

ta.be under the

Management of

the Commis-

ionersofStamp-

4«tics*

Camaaiflionert

may,provide a

ew Stamp, to

denote all the

frvcxal D*ti:a.

C. 34. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.' A.D. 1776.

IWgn of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Marejty feveraV

Rates and Duties upon Coache sy and other Carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the Sum of one milliont,

by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties j is directed to be raised, levied, collected*

and paid.

II, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for-

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs ana Successors, for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot*

Calash with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with foqr Wheels, and Caravan, or by what* Name

soever such Carriages noware, or hereafter maybe, called or know* that'(hall be kept by or for any

Pfctfonor Persons as Public Stage-coaches, employed in carrying Patfengets fdt Hire to and from different

Places within this Kingdom, (other than and except such Coaches and ^ther Carriages-as now are, or

hefeafterimy be, licensed by the Commiftoners for the Duties urifing by HackneyCoadres) ithe^ydarly

Sum of five Pounds for every such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot,‘Cahih^with four Wheels* Ctoaife-

marine, Chaise with four wheels, and Caravan* or by what Name soever foci* Carriages now bre, or'

hereafter may be, called or known, so to be kept and employed as* aforesaid} which* said Duty shall be*

paid by the rerfon or Persons who keep the fame. > . . n ,r*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the PdffomorPersons; keeping-any fact*

Carriage or Carriages, so to be employed as Stage-coaches as aforesaid* shall, from TiritetD^Tiifie, give

like Notices, and make Entry and Payment in like Manner* and under the ljkeRulesv Regulations; Means,

and Methods, Directions and Penalties, as Persons 1 keeping- Coaches ami other Carriages /or theft- own

Use, or to Jet out-to Hire, are, by the above recited Act, directed to do; any Law* Statute, Custom, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. ' 1 f < ') ^ T 1 *fi

-4 IV. And whereas, by the said recited Act; it was provided* That ho Person (hourld beobiiged to *pay>

1 the yearly Sum of four Pounds for more tbait five foth Carriages, otvwhich the Duty Of four Pounds a

c Year was thereby charged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or for her ‘Ufeowyrjfbe^fcfeather

eaafted and declared by the Authority aforesaid* That*’ firofrv and after ttwpafllifg of the said

Proviso, so rar as relates to the exempting such Carriages, being more than me in Namberr bf, and rtie

fame is hereby repealed and made null and Vbid* - 1 » 1 "b +;

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after vte fifth Bay^ of Jetty

one thousand seven hundred and seventydix* there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout

the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suoceftbrs, the Rate

and Duty following; (that is to say) For every Skin, of Piece of Vellum, or Parchment; or Sheet or

Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, in Great Britain, anyIndenture,

Leafs, Bond, or other Deed; for which a Stamp-duty of one Shilling ia payable, by virtue of-an Act,

made in the.thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, over and above all,

other Rates and Duties by the said Act, or by any other Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Stam^-

duty of one Shilling. < ' < .. . v

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day oflTfertr,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised* levied, collected* and paid; tmburhour

the Kingdonvof Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and 8ucce(ToYS^ the Rates

and Duties following; (that is to say) For every Pack of playing Cards, made fit for Sale or Use* in

Great Britain* the oum of Sixpence, over and above the Duties now payable thereon; and faf andbpon

every Pair of Dice, made fit for Sale or Use, m Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings and-Sixpence,

over and above the Duties now payable thereon; such respective Duties to be paid by the Make* of such

Cards and Dice respectively. ' ........- " » ^ ^ ^ '

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of 3Wy*

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised, levied, cellefted,’ and paid, throughout*

the Kingdom of Great Britain\ unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suceeffore* the Slate and;

Duty following; (.that is to (ay) For and Upon every Newspsmer, or Paper containing public News, In-

telligence, or Occurrences, printed \n Great Britain, to be dispersed ana made public, whether the feme

be contained in Half a Sheet or any left Piece of Paper* or in any Paper largerthkn Half k Sheef,1 and not

exceeding one whole Sheet; upon every Sheet, and Half Sheet thereof, over and above aft other Rates

and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Halfpenny. '

VIII. And be it furthtr enacted by the Authority aforesaid,*That for the better avid more eflyftoal levy-'

ing, collecting, and paying, all the said additional and new Duties herein before granted, the feme shall

be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed

to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of

them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Ptirpose,

and to cause such new Stamps to be provided, to denote the said several additional Duties, as shall be re-

quisite in that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution,

with relation to the said several Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and-

ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put* in Execution any former Law,

concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IX- Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Mul-

tiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on which*

several Duties are, by several Acts of Parliament, imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Oun-

raissioners, instead of the distinct Stamps directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vel-

lum, Parchment, or Paper, charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp to be provided, to denote the said

several Duties, and the Duty granted by this Act, on every-Piece of Vcllfcmoi Parchment, or Sheet of*

Piece of Paper, charged with.the said several Duties*.

jl X- And.

