A.D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 22.

53

CAP. XXII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and

Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

4 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Pn?amWs.

4 VV George the Second, intituled. An A'ft for annexing certain forfeited E/lates in Scotland to the Crown

became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, were unalienably*

c annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms : And whereas, before the Attainder of the said Simon.*

4 late Lord Lovaty his said Eft ate was settled by a Deed of Entail, which coming to be tried before the

4 Court of Session in Scotland^ the Estate was determined to be forfeited by a Majority of one Voice, and

4 that Judgment was not appealed from: And whereas, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

4 forty-seven, Proof was brought before Parliament of the Means used to involve Simon F^afery elddf Sorv

4 of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, in the late unnatural Rebellion, at a tender Age; and the said Simon

4 Frafer% ever since he was capable of a3ing for himself, hath testified his Loyalty to his Majesty and the

4 Royal Family, and proved the Sense he entertained of the Excellence of the happy Const tution of thiV

4 Country, by declining to engage in the Service of a foreign State, though destitute of any Establishment

4 offered to set that Example, which, in its Consequences, proved advantageous to the State, by calling'

4 forth, from a Corner of the Kingdom, many thousand Soldiers, whose Efforts to demonstrate the: i Z<*af

4 and Attachment to his Majesty*s Royal Person and Government contributed to the Glory and Succef*

4 of that War : And whereas the said Simon Frafer hath, in the Course of his Service, attained the Rank

* of Major General in his Majesty’s Army, ana since the Peace hath been employed, by his Majesty V

• Command, in the Service of a Power whose Alliance this Country hath always deemed important l

4 By all which his Cafe appears to be peculiarly distinguished May it therefore please your Majesty

{upon the humble Petition of the said Major General Simon Frafer), that it may be enacted ; and be it

enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conftnt of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dif- HI*Majesty,arc-

pone unto the said Major General Simon Frafer, his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands, Lordships, ™av sr^ntuntj>

Baronies, Patronages, Tithes, Salmon and other Fishings, and other like Heritages and Estates what s simea Fr^alb

ever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, ^ Lnn^ &c.

and which were annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, by the before-recited A3 of the twenty- forfeited by th«

fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in the same Manner, and as fully and extensively, to all Atr-inderof

Intents and Purposes, as the fame, and every Part and Parcel thereof, were veiled in his said late Ma~ UeLofd)

jesty by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, and as the fame, and every Part and Parcel

thereof, were held, enjoyed, and possessed, by the said Simon late Lord Lovat, before his Attainder.; any

Thing in the said before-recited A3 of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty to ihcr

contrary notwithstanding: Subje3 always, nevertheless, to, and chargeable with, the Payment to his Hut fnfejefVro

Majesty, his Heirs and ouccessors, of the Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty-three Pounds and ‘Hr t..%mentof

one Penny Sterling of principal Money, together with Interest for the fame, at the Rate of three Pounds h

Sterling per Centum per Annum, the said principal Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eightytbryc ir.»fu.:t ai jj.

Pounds and one Penny Sterling to be, and the fame is hereby declared to be. payable unto his Majesty, per cen . at aoj*

his Heirs and Successors, by the said Major General Simon Fraferr his Heirs and Assigns, at any Term of Term after

Mitfunday that the fame (nail be demanded after the Term of IVkitfunday that shall be in the Year of " Huiunday-

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon twelve Months previous Notice to he for thgt 17

Purpose given, in Writing, to the said Major General Simon Frafer, his Heirs or Assigns ; and the said

Interest to commence from the Term of IVkitfunday which shall immediately follow the Dare of the afore-

said Grant, and to be paid annually afterwards to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to the Re-

ceiver-general for the time being of the Rents, Revenue*, and Casualties, belonging to the Crown in

Scotland, on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at every following Term of IVkitfundayfo»

Jong as the aforesaid Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty-three Pounds and one Penny Sterling*,

of principal Money, shall continue and remain unpaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further era3ed by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be• Major General?

lawful to, and in the Power of, the said Major General Simon Frafer, his Heirs and Assigns, to make Pay- Frafer tn*w

vnenr to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to the Receiver general aforesaid for the Time beings ment-

oll Behalf of bin Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the aforesaid Sum of twenty thousand nine hun-

deed eighty-three Pounds and one Penny Sterling, with so much Interest thereof, at* the Rate aforesaid,.

as (haA happen to be due at the Time, at any Term of IVkitfunday, after the Term of IVkitfunday which wu 1

shaft be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; and that on Rich Payment*

being made, the said Receiver-general for the Time being shall have Power and Authority, and he is ^ t M en 1

hereby im powered, authorised, and required, to execute, on Behalf of his Majesty-* his Heirs- an 1 Sue- ' ,

~ and to deliver to the said Major General Simon Frafer, his Heirs and Assigns* a. full and ample ,urv-

Dikharge according tw the

at an)

I Hum

