88“* C. 45.

Anno decimo quarto Gecrgxi IIL A. D. 1774.

Penalty ftould

Persons not ap-

pear to serve on

Grand or Petit

Juries.

Number of Ju-

ror* how to be

xfeertaiaed.

Name* of the

Jury how te

be drawn.

“Wien the Supe-

rior Court of

Assize andCom-

tnon Pleas may

Appoint a Jury.

Frovifr.

Pet fotw apply? of

for Special Ju»

fies to defray

Feeijand Ex-

fenoa.

lated to any Party or Person interested in such Prosecution or Action 5 and, in any of which Cafes, to be

returned by the Coroner, unless he be a Party, or interested or related to any Party or Person interested

in such Prosecution or Action ; and, in any of these Cafes, to be returned by a proper and indifferent Per-

son, to be appointed by the Court for that Purpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person summoned to

serve upon the Grand or Petit Jury, at any of the Courts aforesaid, or upon the Jury in any Prosecution,

Action, or Suit, depending in any of the said Courts, shall not appear and serve at the said Courts, accord-

ing to the said Summons (not naving any reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the Judges or Justices at

such Court), he shall be fined by the Judges or Justices of such Court in any Sum not exceeding the Sum

of ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings Sterling.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Sheriff, or other Officer, to*

whom the Venire Facias, or other Process or Warrant, for the Trial of causes, or fumrtioning of Juries,

shall be directed, shall, upon his Return of every such Writ, or other Process or Warrant (unless in Cafes

where a Special Jury shall be struck by Order or Rule of Court, pursuant to this A&), annex a Pannef

to the said Writ, or Process, or Warrant, containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions, and Places of

Abode, of a competent Number of Jurors, named in such Lifts, which Number of Jurors shall not be less

than twenty-four, nor more than forty-eight, without Direction of the Judges or Justices of such Court

of Session, or one of them, who are hereby respectively impowered and required, it he or they fee Caule,

by Order, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct a greater Number ; and then such Number

as shall be so directed shall be the Number to be returned to serve on such Jury.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat for the Trials of all Actions or Suits

depending in any of the said Courts, the Name of each and every Person who shall be summoned and re-

turned as aforesaid, with his Addition, and the Place of his Abode, shall be written in several and distindl

Pieces of Parchment, or Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size and Bigness, and shall be delivered

unto the Officer to be appointed by the Court for that Purpose, by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or some

Agent of his ; and shall, by Direction and Care of such Officer, be rolled up all as near as may be, in.

the same Manner, and put together in a Box or Glass, to be provided for that Purpose ; and when any

Cause shall be brought on to be tried, some indifferent Person, by Direction of the Court, may and shall,

in open Court, draw out twelve of the said Parchments or Papers, one after another; and if any of the

Persons, whose Names shall be so drawn, shall not appear, or shall be challenged, and such Challenge.

allowed, then such Person shall proceed to draw other Parchments or Papers from the said Box, till twelve

indifferent Persons shall be drawn ; which twelve indifferent Persons being sworn, shall be the Jury to try

the said Caiife: And the Names of the Persons so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves in

some other Box or Glass, to be kept for that Purpose, till such Jury shall have given in their Verdict, and

the fame is recorded, or until such Jury shall, by Consent of the Parties, or Leave of the Court, be dif-,

charged ; and then the fame Names shall be rolled up again, and returned to the former Box or Glass,

there to be kept, with the other Names remaining at that Time undrawn, and so toties quoties, as long as

any Cause remains then to be tried.

XX. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Superior Court of Assize, and Court of Common Pleas, upon Motion made on Behalf of his Majesty,

his Herrs or Successors, or bn the Motion of any Prosecutor or Defendant, in any Indictment or Infor-

mation for any Misdemeanor depending, or to be brought or prosecuted in the said Court, or on the Mo-

tion of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, Cause, or Suit whatsoever,

depending, or to be brought and carried on in the said Court, and the said Court is hereby authorised and

required, upon Motion as aforesaid, in any of the Cafes before mentioned, to order and appoint a Jury

to be struck for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of the said Cafes, and triable by a Jury of twelve

Men, by such Officer of the said Court as the Court shall appoint; and for that Purpose the Sheriff, or his

Deputy, shall attend such Officer with the Duplicate of the Lifts of Persons qualified to serve on Juries;

and such Officer shall thereupon take down, in Writing, from the said Duplicate, the Names of forty-

eight Persons qualified to serve on Juries, with their Additions, and Places of Abode, a> Copy whereof

<hall forthwith be delivered to the Prosecutors or Plaintiffs, their Attornles or Agents, and another Copy

thereof to the Defendants, their Attorniesor Agents, in such Prosecutions and causes ; and the said Officer

of the Court aforesaid shall, at a Time to be fixed by him for that Purpose, (hike out the Names of

twelve of the said Persons, at the Nomination of the Prosecutors or Plaintiffs, their Attornies or Agents,

and also the Names of twelve others of the said Persons, at the Nomination of the said Defendants in such

Prosecutions and Suits, and the twenty-four remaining Persons shall be struck and summoned, and re-

lumed to the said Court as Jurors, for the Trial of such Issues.

XXL Provided always. That in case the Prosecutors or Plaintiffs, or Defendants, their Attornies or

Agents, shall neglect or refuse to attend the Officer at the Time fixed for (hiking the Names of twenty-

four Persons as aforesaid, or nominate the Persons to be struck out; then, and in fuefi Cafe, the said Officer

{hall, and he is hereby required to strike out the Names of such Number of the said Persons as such Pro-*

fecutors or Plaintiffs, or Defendants, might have nominated to be struck out.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That the Person or Party who shall apply for such Special Jury as

aforesaid, shall not only bear and pay the Fees for (hiking such Jury, but shall also pay and discharge all

the Expences occasioned by the Trial of the Cause by such Special Juiw, and shall not have any further

or other Allowance for the fame, upon Taxation of Costs, than such Person or Party would be intitled

unto in ca(e the Cause had been tried by a common Jury, unless the Judge,*before whom the Cause is

tried, shall, immediately after the Trial, certify, in open Court, under his Hand, upc

Record, that the fame was a Cause proper to be tried by a Special Jury.

upon the Back of the*

XXIII. And

