6:6

Penalty on

Treifurer male*

ing up faife Ac*

(OiftOt, Ac.

Treasurer to pay

Interest for

Money borrow*

cd.

Confirmation of

former Assess-

anrota, Ac.

Nr«eflary Rates

before the left

Thursday in

June to be made.

DirellbM, Ac.

may aflfeft the

respective PlK

li&et.

Chnre hwardcDf

and Overseeea to

tan the l»ha*

Aunt).

Rate* in each

PailHi limited.

C. 53. Anno decimo feat© Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being shall

wilfully make up a faife Account of the fever*J Nominees whose Deaths are come to his Knowledge, or

shall knowingly pay to any Contributor or his Assigns a Share of Interest not accruing till after the Death

of the Nominee or such Contributor or his Assigne, such Treasurer shall lose his Office, and {ball forfeit

one hundred Pounds, with Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, as aforesaid, in the Name

of any Contributor whose Nominee shall then be living, for the Benefit of all who shall be intitled

to any Share of the said Interest at the Time of entering up Judgement against the Defendant in such

Action.

XL1IL And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or 'f'reafurers of the Corporation for the Time

being shall pay the Interest due on the Monies borrowed, or to be borrowed, by virtue of this Act, out of

the Rates and Assessments by him received, and shall be allowed the fame on making up his Ac*

counts } apd that all Monies raised or to be raised by virtue of this Act, be applied to the Purposes of this

Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Assessments already made by virtue of the above recit-

ed Act, shall be deemed to have been well and lawfully made, and all Monies paid under the fame shall be

deemed to be well and lawfully paid, and all Arrears due under the fame shall be deemed to be legally due ;

and if any Person refuses to pay such Arrears, the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being of the

Parish or Place for which such Rate is made, or any of them, may, by Warrant from any one Justice of the

Peace acting for the Division of the Isle of Wighty levy the said Arrears, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s

Goods, rendering to the Party the Overplus; and all Arrears due from any of the Churchwardens andf

Overseers within the said Island, shall be by them paid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation ; and if

any of them shall refuse to pay the fame, the Treasurer, or the Constable of the Parish or Place from

whence such Arrears are due, may levy such Arrears from the Churchwardens and Overseers so refusing,

by Warrant of Distress from one Justice as aforesaid ; and in Default of such Distress the Inhabitants and

Parifirioners of the respective Parishfes or Places from whence such Arrears are due, shall be answerable for

such Arrears, and shall pay the fame upon a Re-assessment, in Manner and Form as is herein after pro-

vided in case of Deficiency by Churchwardens and Overseers in paying the Rates and AffeiCnents herein

atfeer directed to be made.

* XLV. And be it further enacted. That all Rates and Assessments which the Directors and ailing Guar-

dians shall judge necessary to be made before the last Thursday in June next ensuing the passing of this

Act, shall be made and raised in the fame Proportions, and in the same Manner, in which the Rates and

Assessments have been made and raised at and since the last General Quarterly Meeting of the said Di-

reftorsand acting Guardians; and all Arrears and Deficiencies shall be collected, recovered, or made

good, in Manner and Form as is next before provided for Arrears and Deficiencies now due.

• XLVI. And, for the better Security of such Sums of Money as have been already borrowed

c by vittue of the said recited Act, or mail hereafter be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and so

* paying off and discharging such Monies and the Interests thereof, and for providing for the Poor*

‘ employed and relieved, and to be employed and relieved, in the said House, and for defraying

‘ the other Expebces of this Act;’ be it further enacted, that the said Directors and acting Guar-

dians shall and may, and they are hereby irapowered, at the said General Quarterly Meetings, to affefa

such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates herein after mentioned, upon

the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, as they the said Directors and acting Guardians (nail

judge necessary for paying the Interest due on the said Debt, and for defrayingtbe Expences of the current

Quarter, and for and towards paying off and discharging the said principal Debt; and the said Directors

and acting Guardians for the Time being, or any three or more of them, (whereof bne to be a Director)

shall, and they are hereby impowered to issue Warrants un^pr the Seal of the said Corporation, to the

Churchwardens or Overseers of the Popr, in all and every of the several Parishes and Places within the said

Island, requiring such Churchwardens or Overseers to pay, at some particular Time and Place, to be spe-

cified in the said Warrants, the Sum so assessed upon the said several Parishes and Places respectively, to

the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Guardians for the Time being, whose Receipt for the fame shall

be a legal Discharge to such respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor : And for’ railing the

Sums so assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians, such respective Churchwardens and Overseers

of the Poor shall, from Time to Time, and they are hereby required, with as much Equality and Indif-

ference as possible, to raise, by Taxation of every Inhabitant, Parson, Vicar, and others, and of every

Orcupier or Renter of any Land, House, Tythe impropriate, and Propriations of Tythes, in their

respective Parishes and Places, so much Money as shall be assessed on such respective Parishes and Places

by the said Directors and acting Guardians, in such and the like Manner, and with such Powers, as

Money for the Relief of the Poor is by the Laws now in being to be raised, and with such and the like

Remedy to Persons aggrieved by Way of Appeal, as is given concerning Rates or Assessments made for

the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being; for all which Sums of Money so assessed and received

by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of theroor, in case of any Deficiency, the Parishioners and In-

habitants of the respective Parishes and Places, wherein such Sums of Money shall be so assessed or re-

ceived, shall be answerable and shall be compellable to pay the fame upon a Re-afltffment, which, in that

Cafe, is hereby directed to be made by the Directors and acting Guardians assembled at any General

Quarterly Meeting; and such Taxes and Assessments, and also such Re-assessments, shall be levied and

recovered in such and the like Manner, and with such Powers, as Money assessed for the Relief of the Poor

is by the Laws now in being to be levied and recovered.

XLVII. Provided always. That the Sums to be assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians,

at their General Quarterly Meetings, upon any one of the said Parishes or Places, shall not exceed, in

any one Year, the Sum which shall have been rated* assessed, or expended, for the Relief of the Poor in such

xespective

