356 C. 56.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

After removal of

the Offices, the

Lind Tax to be

paid in the fame

Place and Man-

ner as hereto-

fore.

If any Officer

refuse to pay the

Sums rated, the

Money to be re-

covered by Di«

ftrcfi.

After the new

Building for the

Offices shall be

completed, the

old Building and

Ground to be

fold, Ac.

Upon Sale and

Conveyance of

the old Building

and Ground,

Purchafersto pay

the Money into

the Bank,

pursuant to Act

12 Geo. I.c. 31.

and is Geo. li.

c* Z4.

The annual Pro*

duce of Mon-y

arrfing by ti e

Sale of the fa id

Premises to be

paid to the Six

Clerks, in lieu

of their Cham-

bers, A a.

c III. And whereas the said Office of the said Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging, and the

4 said Six Clerks, and the Sworn Clerks, Waiting Clerks, and Clerks of Inrolments of the said Court of

4 Chancery, executing their several Offices within the Liberty of tht Rolls in the County of Aftddlejix, for

4 and in respect of their said several and respective Offices, have, pursuant to divers Acts of Parliament,

4 been taxed, rated, and assessed, to the Payment of the Land Tax within the said Liberty, and it will be

4 a great Injury to such Liberty if the said Offices shall not continue to be rated and afleUed within such

4 Liberty be it further enacted, That from and after the Removal of the said Offices respectively into

the Building so to be erected upon the Ground belonging to the said Society of Lincoln's Inn, and notwith-

(landing fuen Removal, such Offices shall respectively continue to be taxed, rated, and assessed, for the

Payment of the Land Tax within the said Liberty of the Rolls only, and shall not be taxed, rated, or af-

feffeh, within any other Division, Parish, or Place whatsoever, nor shall the said Offices, or any of them,

be taxed, rated, or assessed, for the Payment of any other Rates, Taxes, or Assessments whatsoever, im-

posed or to be imposed, save as herein-before is mentioned ; nor shall the said Society of Lincoln's Inn be

rated or taxed, for or in respect of the said Offices, to any Rates, Taxes, or Assessments whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Officer or Officers belonging

to the said Offices shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be rated or addled

upon them, or any of them, by virtue of any Act for granting an Aid.to His Majesty by a Land Tax, any

two or more of the Commissioners, appointed by such Act for the Liberty of the Rolls, shall and may cer-

tify by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, such Neglect or Refusal, and the Sum payable by virtue

of such Act, to the Commissioners for executing such Act in the County or Place where such Officer or

Officers reside, and any two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, upon<Re-

ceipt of such Certificate, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower the respective

CoJleftors of the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers reside to distrain the Goods and Chattels

of such Officer or Officers, and the Distress or Distrefles so made to detain and keep for the Space of four

Days ; and if such Officer or Officers do not pay the said Sum or Sums of Money, for which such Distress

shall be made as aforesaid, within the Space of four Days, that then the said Goods and Chattels so distrain*

ed as aforesaid shall and may be appraised and sold by two such honest and sufficient Persons as the said

Commissioners who shall sign the said Warrant shall nominate and appoint, and the Monies arising thereby

shall be paid to the Collectors of the said Liberty of the Rolls, for and towards Satisfaction of the said

Sum or Sums of Money, and the Surplus (if any be) shall be returned to the Owner of the said Goods,

after the Charge of the said Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

4 V. And whereas the said Six Clerks are possessed of Chambers or Rooms over the said Office, called The

4 Six Clerks Office, which were anciently the Residence of the said Six Clerks, but it will be greatly incon-

4 venient and dangerous if any such Chambers are erected over the Office for the said Six Clerks, to be

4 erected in pursuance of this Act, whereby the said Six Clerks will lose the Benefit and Emolument

4 arising from such Chambers: And whereas, by reason of the said Office, called Tin Six Clerks Office, and the

4 Offices thereto belonging, being, in pursuance of this Act, to be erected on the said Ground belonging

4 to the said Society of Lincoln's Inn, the Ground whereon such Offices now (land will, from and after the

4 Building and Removal of the said Offices, be no longer applied for the Purposes of such Offices;9 be it

therefore further enacted. That when and so soon as conveniently may be after the new Building for the

said Six Clerks Office, and the Offices thereto belonging, shall be completed, the said Ground belonging

to the said Six Clerks, and the Buildings (landing thereon, shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery,

be fold, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct, and the Money to arise by such Sale shall be paid

into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-general of the said Court ;

and upon Payment by the Purchaser or Purchasers respectively of his, her, or their Purchase-money into

the Bank of England, as aforesaid, the said Six Clerks shall grant, convey, and deliver the said Ground

and Premises, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as shall be so fold unto such Purchaser or Purpba-

fers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as the said Court shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted. That upon every such Sale and Conveyance of the said Ground and Pre-

mises as aforesaid, the Money to arise by such Sale or Sales shall be paid by such Purchaser or Purchasers,

his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, in the

Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-general of the said Court, to be placed to the Account

of Money arising by Sale of the Six Clerks Office, pursuant to the TMethod prescribed by the Act of the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the thirty-second, and the general Orders of

the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, pursuant to the Act of the twelfth Year of King George the

Second, Chapter twenty-fourth; and the fame shall there remain, until the .fame shall, by virtue of any

Order or Orders of the said Court, to be made for that Purpose from Time to Time, be placed out in one

entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order shall

be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and annual Produce, arising from the Money so to be placed out*

may be applied for the Purposes herein-after mentioned j and that the said Court of Chancery may, by

Order or Orders of the said Court, from Time to Time, change the Security or Securities on which the

said Monies shall be so placed out, as the said Court shall think expedient.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the Interest and annual Produce which shall arise or be produced

from Securities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, with Money arising by Sale of the said Ground

and Premises, shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

land, and placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the

said Court, of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act, and shall from Time to

Time be paid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, to the said Six Clerks and their Sue-

ccflbrs, in Lieu and Recompence of the Chambers so belonging to their several Offices, and for the Pur-

6 pose

