r ~ ~ - ■- ■1 1 " ' ' - 1 .— ■

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of

/A Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-foui\ in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

1 A. JL our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Britain, France,

and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &t.

.Being the first Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act to allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, under certain' Reftrt&ions.

IT/HEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

V V AnAtt to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com, it was, among other Things, provided*

That when the Price of several Sorts of Grain exceeded certain Prices therein mentioned, that the fame*

and other Grain and Pulse, should be imported, paying a small Duty: And whereas the Grain, com-

ie Pur-

Excellent Majesty, by and with'die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, an9 Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the

passing of this Act, when Barley is allowed by the said Act to be imported into this Kingdom, upon the

Payment of a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter, the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize be permitted,

on the Payment of a Duty of One Penny per Quarter, and no more, under the like Provisions and Regu-

lations, and with the like Appropriation of the Duty on the fame, as Barley is allowed to be imported by

the said Ad) any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. n.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raffed in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. 3 s.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

fretaUe*

TnSUa Con m4

Maize may be

imported, paying

8 d, per Quarter,

voder th alike

RegviatiMS at

Barley it allow-

ed to be imported

by xg Got* 111*

CAP. V.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils

made use of in the Cotton, Linen, WooUen, and Silk ManufaBwres of this , as relates

to Wool Cards used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be ex-

ported to any of his Majesty *s Colonies or Plantations in

Preamble,

in Act 14

Geo. 111. prohi-

biting the

