A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III- C. 60.

the County of Middlesex, according to the Form or Effect in the fiiid Schedule mentioned (which War-

rant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant) j and in case sufficient Distress shall not

be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required,

by Warrant under his Hand and Se.\l, according to the Form or EfFeft in the said Schedule mentioned,

to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common or other Gaol, or House of Correc-

tion for the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding four-

teen Days, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and

satisfied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Distress shall be made by the Autho-

rity of the said former Act, or this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Per-

fons making such Distress, to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping such Distress

and of the bale thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges of patting this Act, and other Charges incident

thereto, shall be defrayed out of any Monies remaining in or coming to the Hands of the Treasurer to the

said Commissioners, or out of the first Money that shall be raised or received by virtue of, or under the

said former Act, or this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be taken and allowed

in all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Tuftices, and other Persons whotnfoeker, are

hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the lame being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE referred to, containing the Form of Proceedings.

Form of Conviction.

Middlesex, 7 c T3E it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of the Reign

to wir. 3 * £> of King George the Third is convicted before me # one of his

4 Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, of the Offence) con*

4 trary to an Act of Parliament made in the Year of the Reign of lung George the Third,

4 for, &c. (specifying the Title of the Act.)

• Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written.9

WARRANT of DISTRESS.

* To all Con/lables and Headboroughs for the County of Middlesex.

Middle^*, 1 « \\7H E REAS hath been duly convicted before me

t# wit. 3« Y y onc of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, in the Sum

4 of for (specifying the Offence) contrary to the Statute made in the

• Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for (fPecifying the Title of the Act) which

4 Sum of he now refuses to pay [or, as the Cafe may be, he hath neglected to pay, as

4 appears to me upon Oath]. These are therefore, in his Majesty’s Name, to will and require you, or

4 either of you, forthwith to .levy the said Sum of by Distress and Sale of the Goods

4 and Chattels of the said (such Goods and Chattels being kept by the Space of five

4 Days before the fame are fold) rendering to him the Overplus (if any be) the reasonable Charges of such

4 Distress, Sale, and Keeping, being first deduftetf: And if no sufficient Distress can be had, or taken,

4 that then you certify the fame to me, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein, as to

4 Law doth appertain.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

WARRANT for Want of Distress of Goods, or where the Party refuses or

neglects to pay the Penalty.

4 To all Con/lables and Headboroughs for the County 0/* Middlesex.

Middlesex, ?« TWHEREAS hath been duly convicted before me

t* wit. 3« VY one of his Majesty’s Tuftices of the Peace For the Lid County of Middlesex, in the Sum

4 of for {.Jp'fifying the Offeme] contrary to the Statute made in the

4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for [ speciffing the Title of the Ad] which Sum of

4 the said now in my Presence, refutes to pay [or, as the Cafe may be, hath

4 neglected to pay, as appears to me on the Oath of ] (If after a Distress Warrant issued

4 and returned, then add) And no sufficient Distress can be found whereon to levy the said Sum, as appears

4 to me on the Oath of ) These are therefore, in his Majesty’s Name, to will and require you,

4 and every of you, 10 apprehend the said and him safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of New-

4 gate, or the Keeper of [as the Justice /ball think properJ or his Deputy, together with this Warrant:

4 And I do hereby require you the said Keeper, and Deputy Keeper, to receive the said

4 into your said Gaol, and safely keep without Bail or Mainprize, for

4 unless the said Sum of and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

Vol. XII. 4 K CAP.

615

Charge# af Hir-

ing, See, Ditref#

to be levied.

Fxptnee# of

paffifff ttkW Alt

how 10 belaid.

Public Alt.

