t4 G. 29, 30. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III,

A. D. 1774.

Every Brewer

and Seiler of

Ale, &c. to give

Notice to the

Migiftratei, and

to agree to the

Payment of the

Duty.

Penalty on mik-

ing Default*

AW Right* by

the former Act,

and by the Law

of Scotland, for

levying the

Rate*, referee!

to the Provost,

Sc c.

Who are to be

Oterfcers of the

Jmpofuion by

.this Act.

Signed and cer-

tified Account!

of the Receipts

and Difburlc-

menes to be

made up annu-

ally".

Notice to be

given of the an-

nual Mating.

Publick Act.

Purposes, for railing, collecting, securing, and levying, the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the

fame for the Uies and Purposes mentioned in the said Act, so far as these are not already executed, for and

during the additional 'Perm of Years for which the fame are hereby granted, as if the said above-recited Act

was particularly and at laige repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, except as is herein-

after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of

this present Adl, and during the Continuance thereof, it fh ill not be lawful for any Brewer, or Seller of

Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the fiid Borough of Kinghorn, and Liberties

thereof, to import or fell any Beer or Ale into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, unless he, (he,

or they, do previously give Notice to the Magistrares of the said Borough, or their Coll dlor of the said

Duty, at his Office, and agree to be subjected to, and charged with, the Payment of the said Duty, for all

the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer or Seller of Bt er or Ale, living or carrying on his

or her Brewery without the said Borough, and Liberties thereof; and that every such Brewer, or Seller of

Beer or Ale, who shall import or fell any Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof,

without having given such previous Notice, and agreed as aforesaid, being thereof duly convicted before

any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, shall be charged with, and liable to, the Payment

of the said Duty to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of* the said Borough, or their Collector,

for all Ale and Beer brewed by him or her for the Space of twelve Months immediately preceding his or

her committing such Offence, and in all Time thereafter during the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Remedies and Execution

granted and provided by the said recited Act, for levying, recovering, and making effedlua:, the (evcral

Rates, Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued, the said Provod, Magistrates, and Town

Council, and their Collectors, shall, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during

the Continuance thereof, be intitled to use all such other Methods, Remedies, and Execution, against the

Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions as is competent by

the Law of Scotland to the Magistrates and Town Council of Royal Boroughs, and their Collectors, for

recovering the ordinary Revenues of such Boroughs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this present

Act, that the honourable James IVemyfs of IVemyfs, Robert Fergufon of Reath, James Saint Ciair of Saint

Clair, David BeaTon of Vicars Grange, Claud Bo five I! of Bahnutto, Alexander Aiifon of Noith Giajfmont,

-James Toivnfend Oswald of Dinnekeir, Robert Beatfon of KiHerie, William IVemyfs of Cuitlehill, John Bruce

of Grange Mayer, Esquires; the Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the

Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Time being for the Distridt of Boroughs,

whereof Kinghorn is one, or any three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby appointed Overseers of

the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by

the above-recited Act, and mall have, and are hereby vested with the fame Powers, and under the fame

Regulations, as are in and by the said recited Act granted and given to the said former Overseers ; any

Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Proved, Bailies, and

Council, of the said Town of Kinghorn, and their Successors for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby

directed and required, to date and make up, annually, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, in each Year,

an Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, under and by virtue of the before-recited Act, and of this

present Act, and to leave and deposit the Account, so annually dated and made up (signed and certified by

the Provost or elded Bailie for the Time being), at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said Borough <?f

Kinghorn, open for the Inspection of every Person having an Inteied in the fame, three Weeks at lead

before the first IVcdnefdaj of August in every Year; and also to give cdidlal Notices, in the usual Mannes*

the

Depositation at the Town Clerk’s Odice of the

Account for the preceding Year, open for the Inspection of the said Overseers, and of every other Person

having an Interest in the fame.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this present Act shall he deemed, and

taken to be, a publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts in Great Britain,

and by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch,

in the County of Middlesex\ and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a

Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Poor,

within the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of London ; an J for paving, cleaning, light-

ing, and watching, the Streets, Lancs, and other open Passages and Places within the same* and for

preventing Obstrudlions and Annoyances therein.

before the hrlt IP ednejday of August in every Year; and also to give cdidlal Notices, in the usual IYLnnep,

at the Church Door of Kinghorn, on each of the two Sundays immediately preceding the fird JVcdncfJay

August in every Year, for the annual Meeting, upon inch first Wednesday of August respectively, or the

Overseers by this Act appointed, and with Notice of the Depositation at the Town Clerk’s Odice of the

cap;

