484

nvhofe Determi-

nation shall be

fin-1.

Proceeding* not

to le quaked for

Wint of' Fotm,

nor re moveable

determined by Certiorari,

Ax.

No P’aintiff to

recover, if Ten-

der of Amends

/hall be made.

L'mitarion of

» Actions.

General Ifluc.

Treble Cells.

Public Act.

Preamble.

C. 27, 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

Peace, or the major Part of them then assembled, to cause so much Money to be returned to the Appellant

or Appellants, as shall appear to the said Justices to have been overpaid by such Appellant or Appellants

respectively, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and

conclusive to all Parties: And also if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved

by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Adf, he, (he, or they, may appeal as aforesaid, within fix

Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and it shall and may be lawful for the said

Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled in such Sessions, to hear and determine the Matter of every

such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion fhau

seem reai'onable ; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus

(if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of

every such Distress and Sale ; all which Determinations of the said Justices shall be final and concluhve to

all Parties concerned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, Judgment, or other Proceeding to

be had or made in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be re-

moved or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at JVejiminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And when any

Dillrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by this Act, the Distress itself shall not

be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trcfpafler or Trcfpaflers, on

account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or

other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or

TrespaiTers ab initio. on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties

distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the

Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for

any such Irregularity as aforesaid, Trespafs, or other wrongful Proceeding, by virtue of this Act, if Ten-

der of Amends (h ill be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall or may commit, or cause to

"be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespafs, or other wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this At, such Action shall be

‘commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fat committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid

*and brought in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Ation

or Suit may plead the General Ifluc, and give this At and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to

• be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this At: And if it,shall

appear to be so done, or if any such Ation or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited

for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon such Verdit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonfuir, or discontinue his, her, or their Ation or Ations, or if a Verdit shall pass against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy

for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enated by the Authority aforesaid. That this At shall be deemed and

taken to be a Public At 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within

the Borough of Dorchester, in the County o\ Dorset, and in the Tithing of Colliton-row, in the Town of

Dorchester aforesaid ; for paving the Footways and repairing certain Horseways of such Parts thereof as

are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways and repairing the Hotfeways of such Parts thereof as are

not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obfl udtions therein; and for preventing

Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tithing, from being thatched.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge,

in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordfmre and Worceftershire Canal, at or near

Stourtoriy in the County of Stafford•, and also two collateral Cuts one from a Place called

‘The Fens, upon Penfnet-chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Jundtion

of WordrJley-brook with the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delphi

upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands

called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingfivinford, in the said County of Stafford.

WHEREAS the making a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or

•near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through the several Parishes of 0/J-

* fwirtford, Kingfwinford, and Kinfare% in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, to join the Staffordjhin

* and IVoceeJlcrjDire Canal, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the said County of Stafford; and also the

4 making two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet-chace, through the said Parish

f 4>f Kingfwinford, to communicate with the said intended Canal near the Jundtion of IPordeJlcy-brook with

* the

