C. 20.

A> D. 1774*'

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

fame, or rn the Hlands Withirt the Precinct thereof; and also toassign and appoint such and so many open

Places, Quays, and Wharfs, within the said Harbour, Creeks, Havens, and Islands, for the landing,

discharging, lading, and shipping of Goods, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall judge necessary

and expedient; and also to appoint such and so many Officers of the Customs therein as his Majesty shall

think fit; after which it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to lade or put off from, or to discharge

and land upon, such Wharfs, Quays, and Places, so appointed within the said Harbour, and none other,

any Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatever.

IX. Provided always, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, shall be laden or put off from, or

discharged or landed upon, any other Place than the Quays, Wharfs, or Places, so to be appointed, the

fame, together with the Ships, Boats, and other Vessels employed therein, and the Horses, or other Cattle

and Carriages used to convey the fame, and the Person or Persons concerned or afii fling therein, or to

whose Hands the fame shall knowingly come, shall suffer all the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this

Or an*y other Act on the Illegal shipping or landing of Goods.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend,

or be construed, to enable his Majesty to appoint such Port, Harbour, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, Places,

of Officers, in the said Town of Bojion, or in the said Bay or Klands, until it shall luiliciently appear to

his Majesty that full Satisfaction hath been made by or on Behalf of the Inhabitahts of the said Town of

Bojhm. to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East-Indies, for the Damage

sustained by the said Company by the DeftruCtion of their Goods sent to the said Town of Boftan, on board

certain Ships or Vessels as aforesaid; and until it shall be certified to his Majesty, in Council, by the

Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of the said Province, that reasonable Satisfaction hath been made to

the Officers of his Majesty’s Revenue, and others, who suffered by the Riots and Insurrections above men-

tioned, in the Months of November and December, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

three, and in the Month of January, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit thall be com-

menced, either in Great Britain or America, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pur-

seance of this A 6t of Parliament, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the

General Issue, and give the said Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had there-

upon, and thatthe fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so

to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be non-

suited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgment

shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants {hall

recover treble Coils, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law*

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be ac-

quitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and

giving a Recompence for such Fees, out of the County Rates.

49

Proviso at to

Goods, &c. laden

or landed on

PI ires prohi-

bited.

Not tA extend to

enable his Ma*

jesty to appoint

Ports, Creeks,

Sc:. till Satisfac-

tion be made to

the East India

Company,

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Coftt.

€ \WHEREAS Persons in Custody for Felonies, or other Crimes, or on Suspicion thereof, or as Preamble.

€ VV Accessaries thereto, though no Bills of Indictment are afterwards preferred or found against them,

4 or they are acquitted on their Trials, are nevertheless frequently detained for certain Fees to the Sheriffs,

4 Gaolers, or Keepers of Prisons, in whose Custody they happen to be, which is both oppressive and unjust :*

For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Prisoner Prisoner*

who now is, or hereafter shall be, charged with any Felony or other Crime, or as an Accessary thereto, charged with

before any Court holding criminal Jurisdiction, within that Part of Great Britain called England and lValesy Crimes In EnH

against whom no Bill of Indictment shall be found by the Grand Jury, or who, on his or her Trial, shall for”want"

be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by Proclamation, for want of Prosecution, shall be immediately of Prosecution

set at large in open Court, without the Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money to the Sheriff, Gaoler, or to b« set at large.

Keeper of the Gaol or Prison, from whence he or she shall be so discharged, and set at Liberty, for or in

xefoedl of such Discharge.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Fees as have been usually paid. Sheriffs, Gaol-

or payable, to the several Sheriffs, Gaolers, and Keepers of Prisons in England and lValesy in any of the en, or Keeper’s

Cafes aforesaid, shall absolutely cease, and the fame are hereby abolished and determined; and from and Fec,» tbohflied*

after the passing of this A&,* no Gaoler, or Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, shall dfk, demand* take, or

receive, any Sum or Sums of Money from any of the said Prisoners, as Fees, for, upon, or in respect of

his or her Discharge.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Lieu of such Fees so abolished as TO* Treasurer*

aforesaid, the Treasurers, or other proper Officers of the several Counties, or of such Distridls, Hundreds, of Counties, &c.

Ridings, or Divisions, of a County, as are not usually assessed to the County at large, and of such Cities, Re-

Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, as do not pay to the Rates of the ceipt of a Certi-

several Counties in which they are respectively situated, shall, on receiving a Certificate, signed by one ficate, signeti by

or more Judge or Justice, before whom such Prisoner shall have been discharged as aforesaid, (which Cer- Jud*e» &c-

tificate thejudge or Justice is hereby required to give), pay out of the Rates of such County, or of such f*!*11 Par 10

District, Hundied, Riding, or Division, or out of the publick Stock of such City, Town Corporate, ceding 4a"

V OL. XII. H Cinque in Ilea of such

Feet.

