A. D. 1775.

Anno decinio qiiinfo Georgii III.

C. 28. 297

to learn the Art or Business 6f Coal-hewing, Coal-bearing, or making Salt, for any Term of Years per-

initted by the Law of Scotland with regard to Apprentices in.other Arts and Mysteries.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons under the Age.of Twenty-

one Years, upon the said first Day of July, employed as Colliers, Coal-bearers, or Salters, in Scotland*

and bound to any Colliery or Salt-work, shall, after seven Years Service from the said first Day of July,

be free from their Service and Servitude, and at Liberty to engage themselves as Servants or Labourers in

any other Colliery or Salt-work, or in any other Kind of Labour whatever.

iV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all bound Colliers and Salters in

Scotland, above the Age of twenty-one Years, and under the Age of thirty^-five Years, upon the said first

Day of July, after a Service of ten Years; and all Colliers and Salters above the Age of thirty-five Years,

but under the Age of forty-five Years, at'the said first* Day of July) after a Service of seven Years; and

aftertheir'having respectively found and sufficiently instrufted a rerfon as an Apprentice, if required so to

do by the Matter or. Lessee of the Colliery or Sail-work? within one Year after the said first Day of July

next, in the Art or Mystery of Coal-hewing or making of Salt, of the Age of eighteen Years aflcaft;

when such Instruction shall be perfected, mall be free frdm any other Servitude 6r Bondage to the

Colliery or Salt-rwork to which they were bound.

V. And be it also enabled, That all Colliers and Salters, bound to any Colliery or Salt-work in Scotland,

above the Age of Forty-five Years upon the said first Day of July next, shall, after three Years, be free

and discharged from any further Servitude or Bondage to the Colliery or Salt-work to which they are

bound.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any bound Collier or Salter

shall not sufficiently instruft an Apprentice in the Art or Mystery of Coal-hewing or making of Salt, if

reauired by the Matter or Lessee of the Colliery or Salt-work to which he is bound, as <iirefted by this

Act, such Collier or Salter shall nevertheless be free, after the Performance of an additional Service of three

Years at the Colliery or Salt-work to which he is bound.

VII. Provided always. That every Collier or Salter, claiming Liberty under the Authority of (his

Act, shall, prior to his bein^ freed from his Servitqde or Bondage, obtain a Decree of the Sheriff Court

of the County in which he resides, finding and declaring that he is intitled unto his Freedom, under the

Authority of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for the Purpose of obtaining such Decree,1 it

shall and m&y be lawful for the Collier or Salter claiming his Freedom to present a Petition to theSheriff^

Depute or Substitute of the County where he resides, dating his Claim of Freedom, and offering to prdve

the Fafts which intitle him to it, and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute is hereby authorised and requited

to order the Petition to be served upon the Owner, Lessee, or Overseer, of the Colliery or Salt-works'to

which the Petitioner is bound, ana to order an Answer to be put in to the Petition in ten Days after

Service, dating the Objection or Objections to the Freedom claimed, if any such are intended to be made;

and the Sheriff shall thereafter proceed in a summary Way in taking the Proofs, and all other Procedure

necessary, until a Decree shall be pronounced; and if the Decree of the Sheriff shall be flgainst the Pe-

titioner, finding him not intitled to Freedom, it shall nevertheless be competent to such Petitioner, at atiy

Period after the Expiration of one Year, to present a second Petition, dating his Claim of Liberty of

Dew, and which shall be proceeded upon in the same Manner as the former; and if the Petitioner fails

in obtaining a Decree for him on the second Petition, he may, after the Expiration of one Year Frdm

the Date of the second Decree, present a third Petition, which shall likewise be proceeded upon in the

same Manner ; and if he fails in obtaining a Decree upon his third Petition, he may present a fourth, and

so on, till he obtains a Decree declaring his Freedom, one Year at least being expired after a Decree upon

one Petition before it shall be competent to present another.

IX. Provided always. That in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Sheriff, that the

Person so applying by Petition has, subsequent to the passing of this Act, been guilty of entering into

any unlawful Combination with the other Colliers or Salters to leave off working, in order to distress or

injure the Proprietor or Lessee of/uch Coal or Salt-work, or in order to compel him to increase the Wages

or Allowances usually paid for the said Workt or that the Person so applying shall have wilfully deferred

the said Works; then, and in that Cafe, the Person guilty of such Offences shall not be intitled to the

Benefit of the said Act until the Expiration of two Years after the respective Periods at which, in

Terms of this Act, he would have been intitled to his Freedom, if he had not been guilty of fuchOf-

fences.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be competent for the Re-

spondent or Respondents to such Petition to remove the Proceedings upon it into the Court of Session in

Scotland, by Advocation, or to complain of any Decree by Appeal or Suspension, or to sue for Reduction

of any such Decree ; and that every Decree upon such Petition, finding and declaring the Freedom of (he

Petitioner, shall be final and conclusive against the Person to whom the Petitioner was bound.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That when Colliers or Salters obtain

their Freedom under the Authority of this Act, their Wives and Children in Family with them, and all

others who make Part of their Family, and are Coal-bearers, or otherwise affistant to. them, shall like-

wife be free.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Coal-bearers and other Labourers

in Collieries or Salt-works, who are bound to any Colliery or Salt-work in Scotland, and do not belong to

the Family of any particular Collier or Salter, shall, if under the Age of forty-five Years, after seven

Years Service, from the said first Day ofjuty, be free from their Service and Servitude, and at Liberty to

engage themselves as Servants or Labourers in any other Colliery or Salt-work, or in any other Kind of

vet. XII. CLq Work

Persons employ-

ed as Colliers,

&c. under si

Year*, shall be

free after fevers

Years Service.

All bound Col-

Jieis and Salter*

above it and

under 35 after a

Service of ten

Years, and thofs

above 35 and un-

der 45 after fe-

ven years, to be

free, having

found and in-

ftru&ed Appren-

tices, if deflred.

Bound Colliers,

See, above 45

Years to be free

after three Year*.

Colliers and Salt-

ers not properly

iastructing Ap-

prenticei,to serve

3 Years longer

than the Time

specified, and

then to be free.

Colliers, Ac.

claiming Liberty

to obtain a Decree

of the Sheriff

Court, See,

In what Manner*

Colliers and Salt*

ers are to sue out

their Freedom.

Person* guilty of

unlawful Com-

binations, Ac. to

serve two Years

after they would

have been m-

ti tied to their

Freedom.

Respondent to

any Petition may

not remove the

Proceedings up*

on it into the

Court of Session.

A11 Decrees de*

daring Freedom

to be final.

When Colliers

or Salters obtain

their Freedom,

all their Family

to be also free.

All Coal-bearers

who are bound,

Ac. and under 45

Years, to serve

seven Years; and

above45, to fern

three Years,

