A*nh'o dccim©'sexto Georgii III. A. I). 1776.

payable byXaW,1 accordlhg to,the before-mentioned Rate upon Feathers for Beds imported from foreign

‘ Parts, Attempts have been made fraudulently to bring into this Kingdom large Quantities of such Fea-

. 4 thers, packed up in old Ticking, coarse Cloth, or other old Packages, and to enter the fame under the

4 Denomination of Feather Beds, to the great Prejudice of the public Revenue, and to the Detriment of

phei, RiR I* < l^c ^a‘r trader;*' (or Remedy whereof, be it farther ena’&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

acVordln to the an^ after the'twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the before-men-

Boo°it of Ra°e» tioned Rate 'of two Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, for Feather Beds old or new, the Piece,

12 Car. II. re. shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and the several Duties payable upon the Importation of such

pejirdi and, in Feather Beds, according to that Rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and, in lieu and

Jieu thereof, all instead thereof, all Feather Beds, and all Feathers which have been heretofore entered under that Deno-

nd*Feathers* mination, dressed or undressed, new or old, which shall be imported into this Kingdom in any sort of

heretofore en'- Package whatsoever, shall be liable to and pay thfc several Subsidies, additional Duties, and all other Im-

tertd under that posts and Dufie? whatsoever, to which Feathers for Beds are and shall be liable, according to the Rate

Denomination, before mentioned of six Pounds for every one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of such Feathers; which

*hich said SubfidieS, Imposts, and Duties, shall be raised) levied, and polle&ed, recovered, paid, and applied,

thw°Kin ^om *n Manner an(^ Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures,

Aaii h«"fable to an(i with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as the former Duties upon Feathers for Beds were

the fam? Duties raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to; and all the Powers, Penai-

*s Featnera for ties, srovisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several Acts of Parliament which granted orcoa-

Beds, according tinued the fame respetftively, shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and

^mentioned executed, for the raising, levying, collefiing, recovering; paying, and applying, the said Subsidies, Iiri-

# pods, and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present A&; as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, had been repeated arid

. enacted in the Bpdy of this present Act.

CAR XLIX. i !

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and

far applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thouf&nd

seven hundred and seventy-six , and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in

this Session of Parliament , for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and

Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; apd for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer

Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders* and other Orders, loft,

burnt, or destroyed.

Most Gracious Sovereign, 1

Preamble# 1X7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

'4 jesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after

■* mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled/ &c.

At i,?37,428/. 3/. 10d granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury

44 impowered to raise the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of

44 the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this AEt to have a Tally

44 of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course.

44 No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages,

44 with full Costs. No undue Preference in point of Registry or Payment to be made. Auditor,

44 neglectinghis Duty, liable for Damages, &c. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in

44 the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others

44 not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If

44 it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of

44 Loans; and the Bills in such Cafe to be made as those prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session. All

44 Advantages and Penalties in the Malt A& of this Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby

44 authorised to be made forth, extended to this Adh The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges,

44 are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 1 ,837,428/.

44 3 x. i?d.; notwithstanding Act 5 & 6 Gul. & Alar’uc. The Sum of 980,441/. 1 x. i d. zq- Surplus of

44 the Sinking Fund in the Exchequer on April 5, 1776;—and such Monies as shall be paid into the Ex-

44 chequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and

41 Gum Arabic;—11,444/. 4 x. 3 d. 1 q. remaining in the Exchequer of the Duties on Rice exported, and

44 Apples imported. Cambrics and Sugars, granted by 6 Geo. ill.;—and Monies paid by Counties who

44 have not raised Militia;—and also of Imprelt-monies repaid ;—(hall be applied towards making good the

44 Supply. Out of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, 2,905/. 8x. 2 d. to be applied for supporting the

44 necessary Expences of Forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded Islands, for the

44 Year 1776,—15,072/. 12 j. towards defraying the Charge of Levy-money for the Year 1776,—and

. . 7,9>S/* 15 x. towards defraying the Charge of augmenting his Majesty’s Forces. The Monies ariftngv

44 by the Malt Tax;—Land Tax;—1,500,000l. by Exchequer Bills;—Monies arising by the Annuities

Ai and Lottery one million by the Vote of Credit; and 980,441/. is. id. zq. remaining in the Ex-

44 chequer on April 5, 1776; and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1776,

44 and April 5, 1777, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, and 11,444/. 4X. 3 i.

9 “

