A.D. 1774. Ailno decimo quarto Geor€ 11 III. C. 12.27

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and Coiie&onto be

for the Receivers and Collectors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons J'^

to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, at all convenient ,£n;, of

Times, to inspect the Books of Assessments of the Land Tax for the said Parish, in order to ascertain the L*j»dT»*.

Rates and Afleftaients to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and to take Copies thereof* if necef-

fary, at the Expence of the said Truflecs; and that such Copies respectively, after the fame {hall have

been examined with* the original Assessment or Assessments, of which the fame {hall purport to be Copies

respectively, and shall be duly attested or proved as true Copies thereof, {hall be read or admitted as Evi-

dence of such original Assessment or Aikflments respectively on the Matter of any such Appeal, as

aforesaid.

XXIII. c And forasmuch as the borrowing of Money upon the Credit of this Act will be the most Power to bor*

4 speedy and efFcftual Method to accomplish. the good and pious Pur poles aforesaid/ be it therefore en- row Money*

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to lend

or advance, at legal or lower Interest, to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to

Time, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall, by any Writing under

their Hands and Seals, authorise and impower to receive the same, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum

or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six thousand Pounds Sterling, and for which notexcceilag

Sum or Sums so to be lent and advanced as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so lending or advancing the 60001.

fame respectively shall be a Creditor or Creditors ; and that the Monies so to be lent or advanced, toge- Money to be

therwith the I mere ft* thereof, Qx all be charged and chargeable on the said Rents of Pews and Seats, and charge*1^ on

the said Rates or Assessments so to be levied or raised as aforesaid; and that the Monies so to be borrowed R-ems ani

as aforesaid shall be applied by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for the Purposes of Rate,‘

this Act.

4 XXIV. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to borrow such Monies upon the Credit of Tj.urtee*

4 this Act, as aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be e« fo"1*

lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their fencurinag t*^r

Hands and Seals, to grant, bargain, fell, or assign, the clear yearly Ipcome arising, or to arise, from Money bo*,

the Rents of the said Pews apd Seats (subject to such Payment thereopt of the yearly Sum of twelve rowed.

Pounds and twelve Shillings to the said Rector, and his Succefiprs, as aforesaid), and the said Rates or

Assessments, so to be levied or raised as aforesaidj or any of them, or a competent Part thereof, or of any

of them, to such Person or Persons as shall so lend or advance Monies thereon, as aforesaid, his, her, or

their Executors, Administrators,-or Assigns, as a Security, by way of Mortgage, for the Repayment of

the Money so to be lent and advanced by him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, and the Interest

thereof; which Security, by way of Mortgage, as aforesaid, {hall and may be made by the Form of

Words following, or any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

* Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in, the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty

c JO King George the Third, for vesting a Piece of waste Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor

c of Clapbam, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church

c thereon, we of the Trustees, in consideration of the Sum

4 of to A: B. our Treasurer, in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and assign, unto C.

4 D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rents, Rates, and AlVeffments,

4 arising, or to arise, by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of % doth or

4 {ball bear to the whole of the Sum advanced, or to be advanced, on the Credit thereof, to be had and

4 Eolden, received and taken, by the said C* D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from this

4 Day of until the said Sum of with Interest for the

4 fame* at the Rate of , per Centum per Annua* by equal Half-yearly Payments, {hall

4 be repaid and satisfied/

And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books, to, be kept for that purpose by Copieioffcc*.

the Clerk to the said Trpftees; and all and every, person and Persons to whom any such Security or Se-

curities ftull be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby

impowered, from Time to Time, to assign or transfer, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or 7

Hands, and to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security or Securities, and to be executed

in the Presence of tyro or more credible YViuiefles, all his* her, or their Right or Interest in or to such

Security or Securities,' and the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons

whomsoever; which Assignment or Transfer so to be made shall, and may be in the Form of Words

following, or itl any other Form of Words to the like Effect ; that is to say,

4 T Do transfer this Mortgage, and all my Right’and Interest in and to the principal Money hereby

4 X. secured, and in and to all Interest now due upon the fame, unto of his Ex~

4 ecutor$# Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this , 1 Day of

And that all such Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said A/signmtntit*

Trustees for the Time being, within forty Days next after the Date thereof, who {hall cause an Entry bemertd*

of such Transfers and Assignments respectively to be made, containing, in Words at Length, the Dates *hcBw©ki.

of, and the Names of the Parties to, such Assignments and the Sums of Money thereby assigned and

transferred in the said Book or Books so to Ik kept for entering the said original Assignments and Convey-

ances, and for which Entry or Entries respectively the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling, and

no more: And that the Book or fyoks ip which such Entry or Entries Audi be made shall and may, at

‘ " ..... E a . all

