192 C-85. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III# A. D. 1774.

•n^ 151a Inva- Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three

lids for Goaxds, hundred and sixty thousand and sixty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and one-eight Part

Britain tcc* a Penny* towards further maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Africa^

360,061!. 13 s, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America,

4d.’and i-8th Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year one thousand seven

of 1 Penny, for hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand six hundred and

Forees and Gar- twenty-seven Pounds and Three-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the

£con&ln Africa, ^ritish and Irish Establishment of five Battalions and three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man9

Not exceeding at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand fevea hundred and seventy-four 3

46x7k 3d. to and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand four hundred and seventy-three Pounds

nuke good* the eighteen Shillings and Six-pence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in

Ditferenci of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Mo-

SitUhTod"^ ncy> not exceeding one hundred and seven thousand five hundred and twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shil-

Btoblifltaukto# lings an^ Two-pence, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines,

the Troops in for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed-

theifleof Man* ing one thousand and ten Pounds two Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge for Allowances

to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse.Guards reduced, and to the

for^cncxil and foperannua*cd Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred

General Staff and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds,

Officers inGrcat for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Ma-

Britain; rines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before

*©7>525 h the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven

d°offi* hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-two

©fCth«Landre thousand seven hundred and thirty-one Pounds and five Shillings, upon Account, towards defraying the

Forets and Ma- Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea HospitaL, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four ;

*ine«; 1010I. and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and eighty-eight thousand and thirty Pounds

id. to the nineteen Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of his

Gu*0?* red^°dfC Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the twenty-fourth Day of Marchy one thousand

toThe seven hundred and seventy-three, and the twenty-second Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and

Pentium of of- seventy-four, and not provided for by Parliament.

ficert Widow* 3 121,7311. 59. to the Out. pen (loners of Chelsea Hospiul ; not exceeding 288,030 1. 19 s. 5 d. 2 q. towards extraordinary Expences of the

LajidFoice*, and other Serrrces incurred, and not provided for.

t,oooo,ooool. for XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies

discharging E*. aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of one million, for paying off and discharging

chequer Bill* of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

last Session. rQr ratring a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills^ for the Service of the Year one thou-

Jana seven hundred andfeuenty-three y and charged upon the nrft Aids to be granted in this Session of Par-

liament.

to,100I. to XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies

roalce good to aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of ten thousand one hundred Pounds, to make

like Sum issued ?ooc* ^'s Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Ad-

in pursuance of areffes of the House of Commons,

the Addreffci of the House of Commons.

4346I. 10s. 5 d.

for supporting

the Civil Efta-

bli foment of

Nova Scotia }

3086 1. for the

Civil Establish-

meat of Georgia

Not exceeding

4950 k for the

Civil Establish-

ment of East

Florida;

4850 1. for the

Civil Establish-

ment of Weft

Florida ;

2085 I. 48. fot

defraying

Expences at-

tending Surveys

in North Aroe-

ea.

1 3,0001. for

repairing and

maintaining the

ortfc in Africa ;

*36 I. 9 d. 1 q.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four

thousand three hundred and forty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence, upon Account, for main-

taining and supporting the Civil EstablHhment of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand

and eighty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Ma-

jesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth Day

of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of fune9 one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand nine hun-

dred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s

Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth Day

of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand eight hun-

dred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of his Ma-

iefty’s Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth-

jDay ofjuney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thou-

sand seven hundred and seven tv-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand and

eighty-five Pounds and four shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Sur-

veys of his Majesty’s Dominions in North Americay for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

four.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts

and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand three

hundred and thirty-six Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, upon Account, for defraying the Expence of

supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the

Coast

