T

A B L

0 F THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 16 Georgii III.

i« /% N Act for continuing and granting to his Ma-

AA jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,

JL and Perry, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

a. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act to enable his Majesty for a limited Time to call

out and assemble the Militia in all Cafes of Rebellion

within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Domi-

nions thereunto belonging; and to summon the Parlia-

ment in the Cafes and Manner therein mentioned.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

5. An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the

Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode

IJiand\ Connecticut, Nevj York, New Jersey, PenJ'ylvania,

the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Vir-

ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during

the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said

Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the

fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to

diseentinue the Landing and difebargingy Lading or Shippings

of Goods, Waresy and Merchandize, at the Town and within

the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Maflachufefs

Bay; and also two Acts, made in the last Session of Par-

liament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the

Colonies in the said Acts respectivtly mentioned; and to

enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised

by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to ifl'ue Proclamations,

in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

б. An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or

Persons, being his Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall

discover a Northern Passage for Vdlcls by Sea, between

the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans; and also unto such as

\ OL. XII.

shall first approach by Sea within one Degree of the

Northern Pole.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore*

8. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made

in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act to continue and amend an AS7, made in the

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon $ and

Butter9 from Ireland, for a limited lime; and for allow-

ing the Importation of Salted Beef y Porky Bacon, and But-

ter , from the British Dominions in America, for a limited

Timey as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland: And also another Act,

made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An All to permit the free Importation of Cattle

from Ireland.

9. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of

Norfolk.

10. An Act to enable his Majesty, to make Leases, Copies,

and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel

of the Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An All to amend and render more

effectual in his Majesty s Dominions in America an Act,

passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for puntfling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and for extending

the Prcvijions of the said Act to his Majestys Marine Forces

in America.

12. An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made

in the Seventh Year of his present M^jtfty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Du-

ties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lardy and

Grease.

13. An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging to

d certain

