*254 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Penalty on Pic-

font acting if

stot qualified*

No Terfon to

at Commis-

fipnsr till he

take ai d fab-

ler i4>c the fol-

lowing Oith.

The Quill*

what is sufficient to pay off all his just Debts (unless he shall be the eldest Son or Heir-apparent of a Peer

of the Realm, or of a Person qualified to be elected and serve as a Knight of the Shire for that Part of

Great Britain called England) : And if any Person hereby declared incapable to act as a Commissioner,

shall nevertheless presume to act as such, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same; to be recovered, with full

Costs of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at WestminJier, in which

Action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ;

and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as before mentioned, or otherwise shall pay

the ftid Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than

that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always. That no Person shall act as Commissioner in any Cafe (except in admi-

niftering the following Oath) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any five

or more of the said Commissioners (who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the fame to

any other of the Commissioners ;) videlicet,

4 T A. B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially,

4 X according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities

4 vested in me, by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

4 for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in Apedale to Newcastle under

4 Lyme* in the County of Stafford-

‘ So help me GOD.'

Commissior.eii

who arc Juf-

tices ir.-y ad as

such in the Exe-

cution of this

Ad.

On Applxation

of Land Own-

ers, &c. Com-

missioners may

meet for thePur-

poses of the Ad,

Meetings may be

called at *ny

Time by five

Commiiiidncii.

No Meeting of

Commissioners

to be eft'-dua),

unless Notice,

Ac. be given.

AH Meetings to

be b«M wiihm

XXX. Provided always, That such Commissioners who are Justices of the Peace for the said Borough

of Newcastle under Lyme, or who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of

Stafford^ shall and may, and they are hereby respectively impowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the

Execution of this Act, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being

Commissioners.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon an Application to be made

by the said Sir Nigel Grejlcy and Nigel Bowyer Grejley, their Heirs or Assigns, or by any of the Owners or

Occupiers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be affected by the said intended

navigable Cut or Canal, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto the Commissioners ap-

pointed by and for the Purposes of this Act, or any five or more of them, desiring them to appoint a

General Meeting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners so applied to, or any five or more of them,

may and shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, within seven Days after such

Request or Application made, to give Notice, in Manner hereby directed, of a General Meeting, to be

held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice (such Time not being less than fourteen

Days, or more than twenty-one Days, from the Day on which such Request shall be made to them as

aforesaid); and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to assemble at

the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this present Act, and the Powers and Authorities

hereby given to and vested in them, in Execution ; and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards

meet at such Place as the said Commissioners there assembled, or any five or more of them, shall think

proper and convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Meeting wWh shall be

appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad at

such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Time, then, and from Time to Time, as often as the Cafe

shall happen, they shall be deemed adjourned until that Day three Weeks, at the same Place where the

Meeting was last held; and all Meetings of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be pubfick;

and the Majority of the said Commissioners present at every such Meeting (such Majority not being less

than five in Number of the said Commissioners), shall have Power and Authority to execute the Powers

hereby vested in the said Commissioners, but not otherwise 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any five

or more of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, although they shall not be assembled

at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all 'Times, upon such Request

made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing, figged by them, and published in Manner hereby directed, to

summon a Meeting of the said Commissioner * at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such

Notices, for the settling and ascertaining such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertained*

notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commissioners.

XXXIII Provided always, That no Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be good or effectual for

any of the Purposes of this Act, unless previous Notice of the Time and Place thereof, and the Rufinefe

proposed to be done, under the Hand of the Clerk for the Time being attending the said Commissioners,

shall be published in the Birmingham or other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Staffordy at

least fourteen Days before every such intended Meeting of the said Commissioners, unless the Rufinefs to

be transaded at any Meeting, of which such Notice has been given as aforesaid, shall not be concluded on

the Day mentioned in such Notice; in which Cafe the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may,

from Time to Time, adjourn to the succeeding Day, or, if such Day be Sunday, the Day after, and in

like Manner from Day to Day, and may meet again at the fame or any other convenient Place, and pro-

ceed in such Business, until the fame is fintihed, without any Notice to be given of the Meetings held by

such last-mentioned Adjournments.

XXXIV. ^jfovtded also. That every Meeting of the Commissioners for hearing or determining any

Complaint, Controversy, Dispute, or Difference, between the said Six Nigel Grejley and Nigel B wser

U, GreJlejy

e

