A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 85. 193

Coastof Africa situate between the Port of Satiety in South Barbarjy and Cape Rouge3 for the Year one the Civil Eft*

thousand (even hundreef and seventy-four. Mi foment of St*.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or shy -the Aids or Sup- Ko^exoicding

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two 2*oot; 10 the-

thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum 'to carry on.the.Execution of the Trustcei of.the

tT/ufts reposed in them by Parliament. BmifoMufcum,

; XXIV. And it is hereby also enabled determined by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or ^‘gj ,g,

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fix 0n9accoUnt Jf

thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and Seven-pence, upon account of the th<, Expcnccof

4Expehces of the nefrsRoads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in Roads, &e.

[the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Highlands

two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expences which shall be incurred in calling 4ndJft

lin and recoining the deficient Gold Coin, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the House of Commons of the , Joooo1 for*

tenth Day of may, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not defraying the

.exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, to be paid to David Hartley Esquire, towards enabling him Deficiency of

^to defray the Charge of Experiments, in order to ascertain the Practicability and Utility of his Discovery jheGoid Com,

of a Method to secure Buildings and ships from Fire, and that the fame be paid without Fee or Reward. Mcr Hartley!*

m' for enabling him U the Charge of hit Discovery to secure Buddings, &c. from Fire# .

’ 'XXV. And it is hereby also enacted By the Authority aforesaid, That putof *11 or any the Aids or Sup- 8g0^ooi.

iplics aforesaid, there shall and may be uTued and applied the Sum 6f eight hundred and eighty thousand granted to bi*

'Pounds, to enable his Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who have Majesty, to he

Tubscribdd their capital Stock of three rounds per Centum Annuities, to be drfeharged and annihilated upon P|yabltt0Pcr-

*the Terms expressed in the Resolution of the House of Commons of the nineteenth Day of May, one

/thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. ‘ Capital of 3 per

XX VI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Cent, &c.

Supplies aforesaid, there (balland may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Not d«»g

Jforty-three thousand six hundred and fortyrfive Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence, to replace to JJ’*45?; I*/

the Sinking Fund the like Sum paidoutof the Came, to makegood the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July, F°undetolu

‘one thousand seven hundred and seventy*three, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an make good the

‘A €t9 made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Deficiency o*

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight. Ju,r 5. *773*

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aidsand Supplies, The said Aida

provided as aforesaid, shall.not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than to be applied

the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the said Deficiency, or other Payments directed to be* satis- only10 the ufti

fied thereout by any Act or Acts, orany particular Clkufe or Clauses for that Purpose, contained in any other b.cfor®

Act pr Acts of this present Session of Parliament. 10ne

4 XXVIII. And as to the Sum of one hundred and seven thptifand five hundred and twenty-five Pounds R,ie* to be oh-

‘4 nineteen Shillings and Two-pence, by . this Act appropriated on.account of Half Pay as aforesaid/ it is fenredinthe

hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein-after prescribed shall be Application of

duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; that is td say. That no Person shall have or receive lhc Hllf

any Part of the fame who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when thefftegi-

ment. Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any

Part of the fame, except such Person, who did aduil Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company 5

that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or NJiljury, under his Majesty, shall

have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay; that no Chaplain of any Garnfon or Regiment, who has

any EcclesiasticalBenefice in Great Britain or Ireland shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay;

that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the fame who has resigned his Commission, and ha9 had rio

Commission since; that no Part of the fame shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant or

Appointment, except to such Persons as would have: been otherwise intitled to the fame as reduced Officers;

and that no Part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the,five Regiments af Dragoons, and

eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Irelandy except to such as were lately taken off the Establifo-

ment of Half Pay in Great Britain

4 XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s $yA&«jGcoej»

4 Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his . Majesty a ctrtainSum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and

“4 for applying certain Monies therein mentionedfor the Service of the Year one thoufandJeven hundred and seventy* *’

*4 three; and for further ^appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffiort of Parliament; and for paying U John

*4 Harrison a further RnOard for his Invention, of a Time- keeter for qftertaining the Longitude:at Sea, and his

4 Discovery of the Principles upon which the fame was conjlrutted); the several Supplies which had been

4 granted to.his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Ptrr-

4 poses therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and Sum not

4 eleven thousand one hundred and twenty-seven Pounds five Shillings and Ten-pence, was appropriated «^ed,n|t

4 to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand appro.

w seven hundred and seventy-three, ftrbjeft never theless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of ^mated to be

the said Half Pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prefcTibcdrin that Behalf:* iNow it is hereby pro- paid ttrth^te-

vidcd9 enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sun&of onehopdred dneed Officer*,

and eleven thousand one hundred and twenty-seven Pounds five Shillings and Ten-pence, as is or shall X>rerplbstfo-

be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act of-

to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to dif-

such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of posed’ of to

V01-. XII. Cc their

