A.D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 8.

17

Water-pipes and Persons chargeable with the Repair of the Pavement, shall operate and be in force, as be-

tween the Owners of Waterpipes and the said Commissioners; and that the Amount of the Expences

incurred by Damage done to any Water-pipe, by Persons employed about any Pavement or Drain by Order

of the said Commissioners, may be demanded of the Treasurer to the said Commi(boners for the Time

being ; and the said Commissioners shall order their Treasurer to pay such Sums of Money as shall from

Time to Time be demanded of him on that Account, and he shall pay the fame accordingly out of the

Money which shall be in his Hands for the general Purposes of the said Acts at the Time of making such

Demand, or out of the first Money of the like Kind which he shall receive; and the Amount of the Ex-

pences incurred determined by Damage done by the breaking or bursting of any Water-pipe to any Pavement or

Drain, under the Superintendance of the said Commissioners, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of

such Water-pipe to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the fume.

XL And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Justices of the said Bo-

rough, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said 1L rough, as often as

they (hill fee occasion, to make Rules and Orders for the better governing and regulating of all Porters,

Carters, and Draymen, and their Carriages, employed in carrying any Kind of Goods for Hire from the

Quays to any Part of the said Borough, and also from one Part of the said Borough to another Part of

the fame : And the Toftices of the said Borough are hereby impowered and required, at their said Sessions,

to license all such Hackney Chairs as shall be kept and used for Hire within the said Borough, and shall

and may fix and ascertain such Rates and Prices for the Carriage of the fame, as to the said Ju(fices shall

seem proper ; and if any Hackney Chairman within the said Borough shall refuse, at any feasonable Time,

to go at, or shall exact more for his Hire than the Rate or Price fixed by the said Justices,*or shall keep

or ufc any Chair for Hire within the said Borough, unless licensed as aforesaid, he shall forfeit, for every

such Offence, a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Dav of July in this present Year, all

Carriages used in conveying Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Commodities, landed at any Quay

within the said Borough, from the said Quay, through the Streets, Lancs, or PafLgcs, herein-before

described, whether for Hire or not; and all vVaggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, or Drays, kept by any Person

or Persons residing within the said Borough, or elsewhere, and, used for the carrying of any Thing

whatsoever from one Part of the said Borough to any other Part of the fame, through any of the said

Streets or Passages, whether for Hire or not, shall have Wheels made with the Soles or Fellies fix Inches

broad at the least, and with a flat even Surface in all Parts of such Soles or Fellies; and such of the

said Carriages, Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, or Drays, as shall have four Wheels, shall be so con-

(Irufted as to roll a Surface of nine Inches on each Side; and if any such Carriage, Waggon, Wain,

Cart, Car, or Dray, as aforesaid, shall be drawn through any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Pallages,.con-

trary to the said Direction, the Owner or Driver thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not

exceeding twenty Shillings.

' XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power

to cause to be placed on a conspicuous Part of any one or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings,

at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance, of each of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, the Name

by which each respective Street, Lane, or Passage, is usually called or known; and also may cause every

House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, in each of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to be marked or

numbered, in such Manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the fame, and the Expences

attending the fame shall be paid out of the Money arising from the yearly Rates under this and the said

Acts ; and if any Person or Persons shall maliciously destroy or deface any such Name, Mark, or Number,

or any Part thereof, or shall maliciously cause or procure the fame to be done, every such Person shall

forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Time limited by the said Act passed iij the twelfth Year of

his said Majesty’s Reign, for the Supply of any Vacancy or Vacancies among the thirty-eight Persons di-

rested by the said Act to be added to the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, as Com-

missioners for executing the said Act, shall lapse, it shall be lawful to proceed at any subsequent Period,

as soon as may be, to an Election for that Purpose 5 to which Election there shall be the like Requisites,

in all other Respects, as prescribed by the said Acts; and that no Act of any subsisting Commissioners

shall be invalid on account of any Vacancy or Vacancies whatsoever, provided there be a sufficient Number

as specified in- this and the said Acts, foreffecting the several Purposes thereof; and the Persons who shall

be elected by virtue of the Provision hereby made, shall have the like Power and Authority in the Execu-

tion of this and the said Acts, as any other of the said Commissioners.

XV. Provided always, That no Meeting under this and the said Acts shall be adjourned for a longer

Time than eight Days ; and that in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners

to hold a Meeting within half an Hour after the Time appointed for such Meeting, it shall and may be

lawful for any two of the said Commissioners, or the Cleik to the said Commissioners, to adjourn ; and

that no Order or Orders made, or to be made, by virtue of this or the said Acts, shall be revoked, unless

there be (even or more of the said Commissioners present at the revoking of such Order or Orders than weie

present at the making of the fame.

4 XVI. And whereas the Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for the County of Devon, concerning any

* Matters within the said Acts greatly obffrufts the Execution thereof, and occasions a Waste of the

c Money raised for the Purposes of the said Act?, as well as much Vexation and Expence to the Land

c Owners and Inhabitants within the said Borough : And whereas the Appeal to the Quarrer Sessions

4 for the Borough of Plymouth concerning the said Matter at present is not sufficiently remedial be it

enactrd. That (0 much of the said Acts as gives a Power of appealing shall be repealed ; and that if any

Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate hereafter to be made

Vojl.XIL L> i«

Pavrmfnt of the

Parade, &c.

Porter*, Ctf

n?n, an4 Ch*‘r-

men regulated.

Carriages used at

the Quay* to

have Wneeh At

Inches bioad,

&c.

Commissioners

may order the

Names of SirtefS

to be put up, and

Houses, Scz. to

be nuoibeicd.

Prnvi fion for the

Supply of Va-

cancy* among

the Comnxif-

liontrs.

Perfin: afgrier.

ed may appe-i.

Power of Appeal

to Quatter Scf-

fions for the

County, by fan.

mer Adb, ic-

pealed ;

