178, G. 78.

Anno deeimo quarto Georgii III.

A. D. 1774.

Plaintiff not to

recover if Ten-

Amends be

made. &c«

Prcf*»uior§ on

ia tJco. in.

c. 73 d'U barg-

ed, on ametd-

i-ip Buildings in

frui.ii Manner as

shall be dueled

determined by two of the

Survcjftrii

making such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction

.for the special Damage only, by Action on the Cafe, and not by any other Action whatever.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff

----- .. . ... or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irregularity, or other Proceedings, if Tender of fuss-

*AL?L*tei9at cie.ni Amends be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who committed, or caused to be com-

m#n ' * mitted, any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceeding before such Action be brought; and in case no such

Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such

Action, by the Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to

pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order

and Judgment shall be had, made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions when iheJDefendant

is allowed to pay Money into Court.

4 LXXXIX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*

€ various Penalties are infl sted upon Persons who should offend against the said Act: And whereas, lince

4 the paffng the said Act, there has been a great Increase of Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, and

4 many of such Buildings.are not in every Relpedi built according to the Directions of the said Act, whereby

4 various Penalties have been incurred, and several Persons are or may be under Prosecution for the fame:

4 And whereas the Owners of such Buildings, and the several Builders, or Workmen employed therein,

4 are respectively willing to make the fame as secure against Fire, and as conformable to the Directions

4 contained in this Act, as the Nature of each Cafe will admit \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That in every Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, now depending, or that shall here-

after depend, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, against any such Owner, Builder,

or Workman, or Person or Persons causing any such Building to be erected or built, or any other Person

or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty incurred, or supposed to be incurred, by the said Act, it shall

be lawful for the Court where the fame is or may be depending, and such Court is hereby required and im-

powered, on the Application of the respective Defendants, to make a Rule for the Plaintiff in any such

Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, to deliver to such Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or

their Attorney in the Cause, an Account, in Writing, under the Hands of the Plaintiff, or his Attorney,

of the particular Defect or Irregularity in every such Building, whereby each Penalty is incurred, or sup-

posed to be incurred, and to make an Order for (laying the Proceedings in such Action, Suit, or Informa-

tion, until such Account in Writing shall be delivered ; and after such Account shall have been delivered

as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Defendant or Defendants, either to defend such

Action or Actions, as if this Act had not been made, or otherwise, in case he or they shall not chuse to

defend the fame, to enter into a Rule of the fame Court for making good or reforming such Irregularities

and Defects (if any), and for rendering such Building as secure against Fire, and as conformable to the Di-

reftions of this Act, in such Manner, and within such Time, as two or more of the Surveyors, herein-

before directed to be appointed in the County, City, or Liberty, wherein the fame is situate, shall, by any

Writing, under their Hands, direct and appoint: And upon such Rule being entered into determined by such Defend-

ant or Defendants, and on Payment to the Plaintiff of the Costs in such Action, Suit, or Information, to

be taxed by the proper Officer of such Court, the said Court shall order all further Proceedings to be stayed

in such Action, Suit, or Information, until the Time appointed by the said Surveyors for the Purposea

aforesaid shall be expired 5 and after the Expiration thereof, such Court is hereby required and impowered,

on Application or Motion by or on the Behalf of such Owner, Builder, or Workman, or other Person or

Persons aforesaid, and on Proof by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of such Court, that the Defects and Irre-

gularities complained of are made good or reformed, and the Building of such House or Houses rendered as

secure against Fire, and as conformable to the Directions of this Act, in such Manner, and within such

Time, as such two or more of the said Surveyor or Supervisors shall have appointed, by such Writing as

aforesaid, to order Proceedings to be peremptorily stayed in such Action, Suit*, or Information : And the

Defendant or Defendants shall, from thenceforth, be for ever indemnified and discharged of,/rom, and

against all Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of not having originally

built such Party-walls or Buildings, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, or for or by real’on of any

other Defect or Irregularity, whereby such Houses or Party-walls are otherwise built than pursuant to such

Directions; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC. Provided, That if no such Application shall be made to Court before the End of the next Tcrtm

after the Expiration of such Time as shall be appointed by the said Surveyors as aforesaid, for the Purposes

aforesaid; or if, upon such Application as aforesaid, such Proof shall not be made determined by the Defendant or

Defendants to the Satisfaction of the said Court as aforesaid, then the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be at

Liberty to proceed in such Suit as if this Act had not been made.

XCl. And it is further declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the Court or Courts, where any such

Rule as aforesaid shall be entered into pursuant to the Directions in this contained, shall, and arc

hereby required to proceed against the Party or Parties who (lull have entered into any such Rule, and have

refuft d or neglected to perform the fame, as for a Contempt of the said Court; and shall, on Motion, issue

the like Procels of Attachment or otherwise, as is usually issued against any Suitor or Suitors of such Court

for Contempt of a Rule of Court.

XCII Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to indemnify

any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given before the paffng of this Act, in any Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, grounded on the-said Act,

made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Recovery of any Penalty inflicted by the

Lid Act.

4 XCIII. And whereas, since the paffng the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s

4 Reign, many Houses and other Buildings have been erected within the Limits aforesaid, not conformable

7 to

Rule being en-

tered into by

Defendant, all

Pin<erJii g« to

be flawed, Ac.

Defendant in*

dcrrnifjed from

all Forfeiture*,

Ac.

JHovr the Court

thall proceed

where any Rule

shall be entered

into, Ac.

Not to extend

to unify

Perform ag-mist

whom Juegr-

ment O.jII be

f.vep, Ac

Irregular Build-

iiifctcre&td since

