318

HU Majesty’s

"Subjerts may

bring, by Land or

Inland Naviga-

tion, Jnto any

Parts of Quebec,

sot heretofore

comprehended in

the Royal Pro-

damatioa of

oa. 7,176},

any Quantity of

JR urn, Brandy,

preamble*

Not exceeding

I9,S,S5*I.

169. iid. 3q.

grant'd out of

the Fund, for

theServiceof the

current Year;

to be itTued by

the Treasury ac-

cordingly.

Treasury im-

powered to raise

the said Sum, or

any Part thereof,

by Loans or Ex-

chequer Bills,

on the Credit of

the Sinking

Fund i

Alt Persons who

frail lend any

Money upon the

Credit of this

Art to have a

Tally of Loan,

with Orders for

Repayment of

the Money with

C. 41, 42. Anno decimoquinto GeorgiiIIL A.D. 1775.

4 were brought or removed contrary to this Act, shall forfeit treble the Value of such Goods; to be efti-

4 mated and computed according to the heft Price that each respective Commodity bears in the Town of

4 Quebec at the Time such Offence shall be committed; and all the Horses, Cattle, Boats, Vessels, and

4 other Carriages whatsoever, madeufc of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of such Goods, shall

4 be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, and prose-

4 cuted as therein after mentioned : And whereas there is Reason to apprehend, that the Regulations and

4 Restrictions contained in the said herein-before recited Clause, so far as they relate to the bringing of

4 Rum, Brandy, or other Spirits, into the Province of Quebec by Land Carriage, may, without further

4 Explanation, operate to the Prejudice and Disadvantage of the Commerce carried on with the Indians

c in the upper or interior Parts of the said Province,’ we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may

been acted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all his Majesty’s Subjects freely t#

bring, carry or convey, by Land Carriage or Inland Navigation, into afiy Parts of the Province of Que-

bec, not heretofore comprehended within the Limits thereof by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation of the

feyenth of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, any Quantity of Rum, Brandy, or other

Spirits, any Thing contained in the before-recited Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for redeeming the Sum of one Million of the Capital Stocks of three Pounds per Centum Annuities,

in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and

for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in

this Sdlion of Parliament.

Aloft Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\ f E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain% in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

4 jesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after

4 mentionedand do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That by or out of such Monies as shall, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt of the

Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund

commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum or Sums of

Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, there

shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, a Sum not exceeding one million nine

hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three

Farthings; and the Commissioners of his Majesty Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three

or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered

to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for

the Time being, (nail think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen

thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, or any Part

thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful

to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend

to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the

said Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings

and Eleven-pence three Farthings, upon the Credit of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Mo-

nies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance

of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or

any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, who

are or is hereby authorised to issue his or their Warrants for that rurpose, as such Loans shall be wanted

for the publick Service; and, moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be

rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon

the Credit of this Act, as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall imme-

diately have a Tally of Loan (truck for the fame, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing

‘ the fame Date with his, her, or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant

for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repay-

ment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in

Course,

