A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 12.

Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, on the first Day of Anguft, and the first Day of February, in

each of the said Years, by equal Half-yearly Payments, to such Person or Persons as the said Commis-

sioners, or the-major Part of them, at any General Meeting, shall, from Time to Time, appoint to he

their Receiver or Receivers; the first Half-yearly Payment to be made on the first: Day of August which

shall next happen after such Rates or Taxes shall be made.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Taxes, end Sums of Money, so to be

assessed, rated, ratfed, and paid, as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of by

the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any General Meeting, in the

first place, in paying and defraying the Charges of this Act; and then in paving and discharging the Debts

contracted upon account of the Works of the said North Level and Portsand, and in widening and re-

building Cloufs-Cross Sluice, erecting a Pair of Pointing Doors at Storers Barr, in scouring out the Refer-

voir and Shire Drain, and in doing other Works to which the said Taxes of one Shilling and of Sixpence

were directed by the said Ail of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, or any other Act,

to be applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall also be lawful for the Commis-

sioners for the said five Distridls, at one Annual General Meeting, to be held on the first Monday in July,

within three Years, to be computed from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

five, with the Consent of the Devisees in Trust under the Will of John late Duke of Bedford, Lord or

Lords, Own£r or Owners, of the Manor of Thorney, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Exe-

cutors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, and of Sir Sampson Gideon, his Heirs or Assigns,

Owner or Owners of High and Low Burrough Fen, and of Charles Orby Hunter Esquire, his Heirs or

Assigns, Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Crowland, or of the Owners of any two of the

said Manors and Lands, toaflefs, rate, tax, and charge, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers,

of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds situate and being within the said several Distridls, or any of

them (except as before is excepted), with further equal and proportionable Rates or Taxes for one Year,

at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them that shall be present at such yearly

General Meeting, so that the said Rates or Taxes do not exceed one Shilling for each Acre of the Lands and

Grounds comprised within the said five Distridls (except as is before excepted), and so as that no Part of

. the said Lands and Grounds be charged with a greater Rate or Tax than the rest of the said Lands shall

be charged with; and also to assess, rate, tax, and charge, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occu-

piers, of the said Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porfand, with further equal and proportionabje

Kates or Taxes for one Year, not exceeding Sixpence for each Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, and

so as that the said Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porfand be not charged with more than Half the

Rate or Tax by the Acre which the other Lands in the said five Distridls shall be charged with 5 which

said last-mentioned Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, fa to be paid by the said respective Owner or

Owners of the said Lands in the said five Distridls, shall be paid to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Com-

monalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, or to their Receiver appointed

by virtue of the said A61 of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, by the respective Owners or Oc-

cupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, on the twenty-ninth Day of September, and the twenty-fifth Day

of March, which shall happen next after the fame shall be rated and assessed therewith, by equal Hal(-

yearly Payments.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates,

Taxes, and Sums of Money, directed to be paid to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or

their Receiver, shall be applied in repairing the North Bank of Moreton's Leame, the East Bank of Cordyke

from Moreton’s Leame to the Folly Bank, the Folly Bank from Cordyke to the River IVelland, and the Bank

reaching from the Folly Bank to Pcakirk Town, in Cafes of Damage or Decay in, or Breaches of, the

said Banks, and in scouring out Moreton's Leame, and embanking the Wash Lands adjoining to the fame,

by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in such Manner as the Committee of the Commissioners

,of the said five Distri&s, directed by the said A61 of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, elected

to superintend and direst the Repairs and Amendments of the said Banks, shall direct the fame to be ap-

plied, under the Powers given to the said Committee by the said Act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Quantities of the Lands and Grounds to be rated,

charged, taxed, and assessed, by virtue of this Act, shall be taken according to the respective Quantities

thereof ascertained in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-seventh of ^King George the Second 5 and

that the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds shall pay the Taxes to be rated

and assessed by virtue of this Act, according to the fame Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, as they

are now rated and taxed at under the said Act of the twenty-seventh of King George the Second.

VI. And, to the End that the several Taxes, to be charged and assessed determined by virtue of this Act, may be

the more easily collected, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Oc-

cupiers of the Lands and Grounds, to be taxed, charged, rated, or assessed, by virtue of this Act, shall

be, and they are hereby required and made liable to pay the said Taxes, so to be charged and assessed upon

the Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupations; and in case of such Payment by any Tenant or

Tenants, who shall hold the Lands and Grounds by him, her, or them, occupied at a Rack Rent or Rack

Rents, such Tenant or Tenants shall be at Liberty, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby im-

powered to dedud and retain, out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, all such Sum and Sums of

Money, as he, she, or they, shall respectively pay for such Taxes as aforesaid; and the federal and re-

spective Landlords or Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deductions

or Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents, such Tenant or Tenants producing proper

Receipts for the Payment of such Taxes; and all and every Tenant or Tenants so holding at Rack Rent,

and paying such Taxes, shall be acquitted and discharged from and against his, her, or their Landlord or

H h 2 Landlords,

*35

Hrvi* ♦h'* c”nM

raised are to be

applied.

Commissioners

for the five dif»

tri.ft«, with

Confrnt of De-

vi lees of the

Dolce of Bed*

ford, Sir Samp-

son Gideon, and

Mr. Hunter, &c.

irr.powrrrd to

lay a farber

Tax for one

Year.

How the said

Tax for one

Year is to be

applied.

Lands and

Grounds rated

to he taken ac«

Cording try the

Quantity afeer-

ta»ned hv Adfc

27 Geo. II.

Tenants to pay

Taxes j

and if they hold

the Lands at

Rack Rents,

may ce tuCf iht

fa nr Loin their

Rent*.

Landl< 1 «is to al-

low such Deduc-

tions.

