II

C. 7.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

A.D. 1774.

CommifSoners

may take down

Signs, &c. in

case the Owners

shall neglect, af-

ter Notice given#

How new Foun-

dations are to be

(tats, '

Penalty on ob*

ft ruling Persons

in their Dpiy.

Footways to be

swept every Day,

(Sundays ex-

cepted.)

GommiflSoners

may act as Juf-

tkca.

Charges of the

Act how to be

Writings robe

without Sumps,

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

Af*l applied.

after such Notice m aforesaid, cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Pent-

houses, of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or ether Building, as aforesaid, into their own private

Grounds, itihall be lawful for the- said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, tocause the fame

to be done; and to levy, or Cause to be levied, the Costs and-Charges attending the feme* by Distress aiu)

gale of the Goods and Ghattek of the Qwnev, Tenant, or Occupier, of fitch House, Shop, Warehouse,

or other Bidding, rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the Person or Ptrfons whole

Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; or it shall be lawful for such Tenant or Occupier

to fix up such Pipes and Trunks* and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also

of any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Oc-

cupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, is hereby re-

quired to allow the feme accordingly.

XXXI. And be it furthel enacted, That m case the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Warehouse

or other Building, in the said Town, or Liberties, to which any Sign, Sign-irons, Sign-posts, or any other

Posts, Penthouses,’Spouts, Steps, Cellar-windows, or Doors going into Cellars, Shop-windows, or other

Incroachments, upon any of the Streep, Lanes, Paffeges, and other publick Places, or any of them, now or

may hereafter belong, shall not, at their own Costs and Charges, within ten Days after Notice in Writing

shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling-houses, under $he Hands of any

five or more of the said Commissioners, remove all such Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-posts, and other Posts,

Fenthouses, Spouts, Steps, Cellar-windows, or Doors going into Cellars, Shop-windows, or other In-

croachments, 6r otherwise after ajid reform the feme, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed

or directed, ft shall be lawful to and for the said Commissiotiers, or any five or more of them, to cause

rife feme to be done, and to levy, or cause to be levied, the Costs and Charges attending the feme, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods apd Chattels of such O.wner or Occupier, together with the Charges of

such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demands, to the Person or persons

whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XXXIf. And be it further enacted, That no Head Builder, Master Carpenter, Mason, or Workman,

shall, in rebuilding or new-fronting any qld Building, situate in or near any Street, Lane, or publick Way,

urhhin tffe feid Town or Liberties, bring the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundations, or

the arid'cnt Story Posts supparting the Fronts thereof, (b as to obstruct or narrow the Faffage through thd

fame, upon Pain of forfeiting; for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Owner of

such Building shall forfeit and jiay the Sum of forty Shillings for every Month such Obstruction or In-

croachment mall remain by the Foundation of such Building being brought forward as aforesaid, unlefe

allowed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and it shall and may be lawful to and foy

he feid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the feme to be taken down, altered, or re^

gufated, in such Manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XXXIII. And be it further etiafted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Timqs hereafter,

obstruct, hinder, or molest, the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Surveyor or Surveyors,or other

Officer or Officers, Petfbir or Persons whomsoever, who are of shall be employed to put this Act in ExT

ccution, in the Performance dr Executipnof his or their Duty; every such rerfon and Persons* so offend*

hrg^shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings,

aXXTV. And uc it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said

Town, and (in respect to Houses let to Inmates) every House Owner shall, once in every Day, (Sundays

excepted), between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, fcrarpe, sweep,

and deanfe, the Footway all along the Front and Sides of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause

Defrurit thereof, shall, for every such Offence, for-

Shillings, nor left than one Shilling,

and may be lawful for any Commissioner appointed!

or to be defted, to put this Act in Execution, who is, or shall be; a Justice of* the Peace for the faiq

Town of Cariijfy or for any County, Riding, Divifian, *City, Lioerty, Town, qr Place, to act as

Justice of Peace within his Jurisdiction, for putting ip Execution the fev.eral Powers ana Authorities

granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies arHingby virtue of this AS, the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Brail, in the first place, pay and: discharge all the Exw

pdnees attending the procuring and passing this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judg-

ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, qr other Security, for the borrowing of

Money, or any orhfer Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or

chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures determined by this Act imposed or in-

curred, for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed, shall be levied

and recov'ered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seas, or Hands and Seals, of any one:or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town of C<?r-

d\ffy or any other County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offender foall be, as

the Cafe shall happen; all which warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and re-

quired to iffy e, qpon the Information of one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath

such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer); and such Penalties and

Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties

Whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrefled and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first:

deducted, shall go, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall go and be ap-

plied to and for the Purposes of this Act; and i<i every Cafe where Distress is dkefted to be taken by this

J Act.

