\

The TITLES of

End of Long-hedge, in the Perrish of Quarrington, in

the County of Lincoln.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop

rear the North End of the Town of Derby, through the

Towns a/Duffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby,

to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from

the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of

Witksworth, in the said County of Dtrby.

71. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, made in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth

Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for re-

?airing the Road from Wansford-bridge, in the County of

Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in

the County of Lincoln,from Stamtord to Bourn in the

said County; and for repairing and widening the Road

from the North End of the Bridge, to a Gate called

Srotgate in Stamford\ and from the Termination of the

Turnpike-road in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market-

cross in Bourn.

75. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Market-cross in the Township of Clithero* to Salford-

bridge in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Pala-

tine of Lancaster.

76. An Act to continue and render n ire effectual several

Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading

to High gat e-gat ehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads

in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex \

and also to continue and render more effectual, An Act

to enable the r effective Trustees of the Turnpike-roads lead-

ing to Highgate-gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint

Giles’s pound to Kilbourne, to make a New Roadfrcm

the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware

Road near Paddington, so far as the fame is by the said

Act directed to be under the Care and Management of

the Trustees of the said first mentioned Acts * and for

making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's

row, to Bagnigge-wash* and for watching, lighting, and

watering the said Roads*

77. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road

leading f om the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop,

through Woofferton ^7/7^ Little Hereford, to a Place called

Monk’s- bridge, in the said County; and also from the

said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The

Maidenhead at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

78. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, ex-

plaining, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the

twenty-sixth of King George the Second, for repairing

and widening several Roads therein mentioned in the

County of Worcester, and for repealing so much of an

Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, as re-

lates to the Road from Knightsford-bridge to a certain

House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great Withy* in

the said County, and for putting the fame under the

Management of the Trustees for executing the said

first mentioned Act; and for amending other Roads

therein mentioned.

79. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and

Powers of two several Acts of Parliament respecting

roads near the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of

Devon.

so. An Act to enlarge the Teim and Powers of an Act,

passed in the fifth Year of his present Mrdcfty’s Reign,

for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge

in the Borough ^Warwick, through Southam and Da-

ventry, to the Town of Northampton.

the STATUTES.

% 1. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pair-

ed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repair-

ing and widening the Road from Leicester to Nar bo rough,

and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through

Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford

Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and

from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter leading towards Stone-

Jeigh Town; andforsupplying an Omission in an Act*passed

in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road

from Leicester to Ashhy-de-la-Zouch, in the County of

Leicester so far as the fame relates to the Road from

Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the

said City of Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to re-

pairing the Road from Tadcqfier to Halton-dyal, in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

83. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road

from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at

Elf don High-cross, near the Town of Elf don* in the

County of Northumberland* on the North-east Side of

the River Reed, through Over acres* Elijhaw, and Cat-

cleugh* to the Red Swyre upon the Mid Border betwixt

England and Scotland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 16 Georgii III.

4

1. AN Act for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John

Jf\ George Bindhcifen.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Craggs

Lord V i fcoun t. Clare* and the Right Honourable/^?//-

bore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office

as Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver-general, and Pay-

master-general, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the

Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the

Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Martin Fujhs.

An Act for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont.

6. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ten lirocke.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or.

Pieces of Wade Ground in the Parities of Bonfally

Wirksworth, and Matlock* in the County of Derby.

8. An Act for naturalizing Nis NiJJen and Christopher Ga-

briel Marwaide.

9. An Act so* naturalizing John William Paul and Claes

Grill.

10. An Act for naturalizing Charles Sjkjtift.

11. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and He-

reditaments, in the several Counties of Durham9 Mid-

dlesex* Berks, and Sussex, and in the City of London

(Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by

the Will of George Bozves Esquire, deceased), in Truf-

tees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the

Money to anse thereby in the Purchase of other Mef-

fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be

settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act for vesting the Advowson of the Rectory of

Pewfty in the County of Wilts (Part of the Estate corn-

prized in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late Lord

Holland, deceased) in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust,

to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby

in finishing and compleating a Mansion-house at Wln»

terfoWy in the same County.

13. An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground,

in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square* in the

County

