Anno decimo sexto Georgii III*

A. D. 1776.

462 C. 22, 23.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and

Warwick.

*4 WHEREAS the Parish Church of Tardebigg^ in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, is a very

* VV ancient Fabric, and Part thereof hath lately fallen down, and the other Part is in so ruinous a

4 Condition that it is dangerous for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service therein,

* and, in the Opinion of able and experienced Workmen, cannot be effectually repaired ; and that, for

4 the Safety and Conveniency of the Inhabitants, it is necessary the fame should be taken down and re-

4 built; it is enacted,’ &c.

44 Trustees impowered to take down and rebuild the Church. Money to be raised vested in the Trustees.

44 Penalty on Persons refusing to pay the Rates. Trustees to appoint three Collectors of the Rates. Col-

44 leftors to pay the Money as the Trustees shall direct, and to enter in Books Accounts of all Money by

44 them received, 13c. Penalty on Collectors refusing or neglecting to account, &c. Any Person chosen

44 a Collector and refusing to act, to forfeit 10/. Trustees impowered to borrow 1100/. at q per Cent, or

44 by way of Annuities, &c. Money lent, tsV. to be repaid within twenty Years. A Book to be pro-

44 vided for entering Accounts of Money borrowed, &c- and Proceedings of Trustees. Payment of the

44 Monies to be borrowed, &c. charged upon the Rates. Annuities, ts'e. not liable to be taxed. Trustees

44 to give Receipts to Persons advancing Money. Upon Payment of the whole Money to be advanced,

44 Trustees to give Orders in Writing for Repayment. Lenders, bV. impowered to assign their Interest

44 in the Money advanced. Trustees may make an Assessment, not exceeding is. 6d. in the Pound. Te-

44 nants to pay the whole Rates, and deduct one Half out of their Rents. How Rates are to be levied upon

44 Houses occupied by Inmates. Where Tenant is incapable of paying the Rates, Landlord to be ac-

44 countable. Rates vested in Creditors, in case of Non payment of Principal, Interest, or Annuities.

44 Trustees to settle Differences respecting the Rates. Payment of Rates not to intitle Persons to be

44 Parishioners, &c- Collectors may inspect the Poor’s Rates. Overseers, on Refusal, to forfeit 10/.

44 Trustees, when their Number is reduced to Twenty, may appoint new ones. After Repayment of

44 Money borrowed, ifc. the Rates to cease. Trustees impowered to fell the Materials of the old Church;

«4 Trustees to give Notice of their Meetings,” &c.

CAP. XXIII.

/

An Act: for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and

Vessels into and out of the Port of BoJion> in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and

setting down Mooring-posts upon the Banks or High Marshes within or adjoining to the

Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the

Creeks upon the High Marshes within or adjoining to the said Hayen and Harbour; and

for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour.

Preamble. * T WHEREAS the Borough of BoJlon9 in the County of Lincoln, is a very ancient Borough, within

4 VV the Liberties whereof there are a Port, Haven, and Harbour of the Sea, for importing and ex-

4 porting Merchandise; and the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough have, as well by Prescription

Letters Patfnt 4 as Royal Charter, been a Corporation for two hundred Years last part and upwards; and by virtue and

granted to the 4 in pursuance of certain Letters Patent, granted them by Queen Elizabeth, bearing Date on or about the

Corporation by c tenth Day of February in the fifteenth \ ear of her Reign, have and do now use and exercise Admiralty

picked. UJ Ct * * Juiifdiftion within the said Borough and Port of the fame; and also the Roads, and all and finguhr the

4 Deeps, commonly called The Norman Deeps; and also all and all Manner of Places and Parts and Water-*

4 courses, and the Streams of the Waffles near and in the Parts of Holland, extending to the Haven or

4 Place called Wainfiest Haven, and to a certain Place called Pullye Heads, and to another Place or Sand

4 called The Knocks and to another Place called The Dog's Head in the Pct9 and to the uttermost Limits of

4 the Flowing and Ebbing of the Waters aforesaid and every of them, and adjoining to the Sea and Floods

4 and Streams of the Borders and Confines of the County of Norfolk; and by. virtue of the fame Letters

4 Patent, and others since granted to them by the Crown, and by long Usage have erected and put down

4 proper Buoys and Beacons in the Channel of the said Port: And whereas the Entrance into the said

4 Port is, by the continual Shifting and Alteration of the Sands, become very dangerous without the Afr

4 fiftance of a skilful Pilot, and many Ships have of late Years been endangered, owing to the Negligence

4 and Ignorance of the Persons who take upon them to conduct Ships and Vessels into and out of the said

4 Port; and the Prices or Rates of Pilotage there arc not at present settled by any Law or Charter: And

4 whereas a proper Regulation of the Pilots at the said Port, and the ascertaining of their Rates or Prices,

4 would tend greatly to promote and encourage Trade and Navigation, and be of public Utility : And

4 whereas much Danger and Mischief may happen to Ships and '1 railing Vessels lying in the said Haven

4 and Harbour, occasioned by Fire made use of in heating of Pitch, 'Far, Rosin, Oil, or other combustible

4 Matters, on board fuel) Ships and Vessels: And whereas Mooring-polls, to be affixed and set down in

4 proper Places upon the Links or High Marshes within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, for

4 the more eft’eftuall/ fccuiing the Ships and Vessels riding therein, and also Bridges of Wood to be affixed

4 and laid down over several of the Creeks within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, for the

* Convenience of towing or haling of Ships and Vdlels into and out of the said Port, ate much wanted*

4 and

