A. p, *776* An*>Q c]lecbi\o sexto III, C. 9, ip, ijr.443

Cap. ix.

An ASt for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehae, in the Count/

of Norfolk.

CAP. X,

An Act tq enable his Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lancjs, and.

HeredittOKWS, Parcel of the Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the feme j and for other

Purposes therein mentioned,

€ IT/HEREAS his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, now stands seized of the Dutchy of Preamble.

€ W Cornwall, and the Pofleflioos thereof: And whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to grant Lease* and

Offices, and to make Leases and Grants, by Copy of Court Roll, of Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel Grant* made by

of the said Dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, during the fylinoriry of his Royal Highness \ Letter* Patent

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cpnfept of the ?nd£"tlire

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamentaflembled, and by the Authority Jourt RoU°

of the fame* That all Leases and Grants, made or to be masse, by Letters Patent, or Indentures, under' within 7 Years

the Seal ox Great Britain, or $eal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court Roll, according' to qome, of any-

to the Custom of the respective Manors, within fevep Years next enfoing, of any Offices, Messuages,' offices» sand*»

Parks, Lairds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (other than Honours, Lordships, or Manors) Parcel of the

PoUessionsof the said Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, shall be good and effectual in Law, the D'utchy of -

according to the purport and Contents of the fapne Copies, Leases, and Grants, against our Sovereign Cornwall, or

Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors,h)sRoyal Highness George Prince of Wales, and against all and annexed thereto,

every qther Person or Perform, who (ha|l at any Time hereafter have; inherit, or enjoy, the said Dutchy, dc^ared 5°

by fore* of any A ti of Parliament, or by other Limitation whatsoever* Cr^?^

II. Provided always. That; every such Lease or Grant so made, or to be made, be not for tnor^ than fowfoch Leases*

one, t^9, or forey Lives, or for one and thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years determinable be not for more,

upon one, two, or three Lives, and not above; and if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or Ex-. than 3 Live*, or

pe&ancy, that then the fame, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceed three Lives, or the 31 Year*; or a.

Term of one and thirty Years, or some Tertjl of Years'd^terminable upon one, two, or three Lives, and T*rn,b.deter*

be not many wise made difpunishable of Waste; and so 4s upon every such Lease or Grant there be, or ^Live/atthe

(Kail he, reserved the ancient or most ufbal Rent, or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded, or - Lft 1

paid, for the (am? Lands, or Hereditaments, so* the greater Part of twenty Years next before the making And jn

of the said Leases or Grants; and where no such Rent hath been reserved or payable, that then, upon peftancy or

every such Lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentieth Part of Reversion,

the clear yearly Value of the Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, contained not exceeding

in such Le^fe or Granj; and all Leases and Grants other wise made, or to be made, shall be null and void. yj^and so a*

the fame be not disponiftuble of Waste j and the ufaal Rent, or, where there was none before, a reasonable Rent be referred*.

III. And be it further ordained and ena^ed by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, The Covenant*

Reservations, arid other Agreements, contained in every Lease, Grant, or Copy of Court Roll, made or in fu^

to be made, as aforesaid, (half be gpod and effectual in, Law, according to the Words and Contents of the 'martin

fame* as well for against them to whom the Reversions of the fame Lands, Tenements, and Here- Lt^ 5

d it aments shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants, or Copies

shall come^ respe&lvely, as if our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty, at the Time of making such Co-

venants, Conditions, apdRqfervations, and other Agreements, were seized of an absolute Effete, in Fcp

Simple, in the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?.

IV. Saving always, to all and every rerfon and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Refemtionof

Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and Right*

his plcirs and Successors; and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and his and their

Heirs; and all and every other Person andPersons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said Duke-

dom of Cornwall* by force of any Act of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Rights,

Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind,

or Quality Soever, of, in to, or out of, foe said Offices, L^nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of

them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all Intents

and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, as if this Act had never been had pr madef

this Act, or any Thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding*

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to

amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominiom in America an Aftr passed in the

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters y and for extending the Provisions of

the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

€ \\7 HEREAS an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Intituled, An p^i^ble*

€ -VV Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in the 1eoI0.HI

present Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ttdiJ; 4

4 Payment

