A.D. 177 6.

Anno decirho sexto GeoKoii III.

C. 5.

437

rebellious Colonies or Plantations before mentioned* arid at arty Tim£ afterwards atairi surprised irtd re-

taken From bfe Majesty’a said rebellious Colonies or Plantations by any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, of

Other Ship, Vessel, or Boat* under his Majesty’kProte&ioii and Obedience 5 that then such Ships, Vef-

fcls* Briars, and Goods* and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such

his Majesty’s Sribjects reiriaining and continuing under his Protection, shall in all Cafes be adjudged to be

restored*, and shall be, by Decree of the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty Court, accord*

irtgiy restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in Lieu of

Salvage (if tetaiteh from the Rebels) orte-eighth Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and

Gdods respectively so to be restored \ which Salvage {hall be answered and paid to the Captains, Officers,

and Seamen, to be divided In such Manner as before in this Act is directed touching the Share of Prizes

belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains* Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers.

XXV* And be it further efla&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons belonging to

any of his Majesty’s 8hi|5s Of Vessels of War, who shall run away or withdraw him or themselves from the

Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken, or otherwise, from his Majesty’s Service, be-

fore or after Notification (hill be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day ap-

pointed for the Payment Of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have, or be

entitled ro have or claim, any Ihtcrell in Or Benefit of the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes,

or any Part thereof, but such Share and Shares of such Prize and Prizes shall go and be paid to the Use of

Greenwich Hospital.

XXVI. Provided always. That if any rerfon or Persons shall or do run away or withdraw him or them-

fdves from arty such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, after Notification given as aforesaid, he and they shall

forfeit and iofe such Part of his and their Share and Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, as shall be remain-

ing in the said Agent or Agents Hands at the Time of his or their running away or withdrawing him or

khenaselves; any Thing herein befote contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And bfe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons,

Agent and Agents* and Others, who shall fell or otherwise dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as

aforesaid* shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first

Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such public No-

tification as aforesaid, make Out and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital of

Greenwich for the Time being. Or to such Person or Persons as he shall for that Purpose depute or appoint,

a true State and Account in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or

Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account

of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors as shall then have been really and bona fide by him or

them respectively paid ; and also that all and every Person and Persons, Agents, and others, that by virtue

of this Act shall fell Or dispose of arty Prize or Prizes, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be

raken by any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, such Person and Persons, Agents, and others, so

felling and disposing thereof, {hall, Within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration

of the Term of three Years limited by this Act, make out an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of

such Prize and Prizes, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with

a true and just Account upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time

being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authorised in Writing under

his Hand and Seal (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and his sufficient Deputy and

Deputies, authorised a* aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), of all Sum

and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or Agents, or Persons Custody, Power or

'Posseifion, and shall at the Tame time deliver, dr cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital

for the Time being, or to his diffident Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so attested upon Oath as afore-

said, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their

Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer, 6r his proper Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquit-

tance or Acquittances for the fame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That all and eSrcry Person and Persons hereby directed to transmit

or deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to transmit or deliver all

or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within

the Time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as is herein before mentioned, or who shall

neglect dr refuse to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their

Hand or Hands, Power, Custody, or Possession, after the 7 erm of three Years, to be accounted as afore-

said, {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above the Money

“then in such Agents Hands; one-third Part whereof {hall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two-

third Parts to the said Royal Hospital, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Avftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

^>r Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, in which no Efloin, Protection, Privilege, or

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit,

‘{hall be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, permitted, or done, or fuft’ered, in making, stating,

or balancing, any such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who {hall be thereof duly convicted, and

his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, over and above the Pe-

nalties *nd Pumfhments inflicted by this Act, the Sum of one hundred Pounds ; one-third Part whereof

to be to the Use of his Majesty, and one other third Part to the Use of the said Hospital and the remain-

ing third Part to the Informer who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with Colb of Suit, by Action

bf Debt, Bill, Plaint,f Or Information, in any Court of Record, in which no Efloin, Protection, Privi*

lege, or Wager of Law, 6r more than One Imparlance, {ball be allowed*

XXX. And

on Payment of

x*8th Part of the

Value thereof.

Persone with-

drawing them-

selves from hit

Majesty* Ser-

vice, forfeit their

Share of Priie-

money;

which shall be

applied to the

Vie of Green-

wich Hospital*

Prorifo.

Ageir*, fah©

shall fell any

Prize, to trans-

mit to theTrea-

furcr of Green-

wich Hospital a

true State of the

Produce of such

Price, &c*

Person, See. at-

glefting to de-

liver true Ac-

counts to the

Treasurer, See.

or not paying in

all Money te.

maining in his

H?nds after three

Years, shall for-

feit I02l*

NV» wilful fraud

to be used lit ba-

lancing At-

connW,

6n retoklry

1001.

y

