A.D.. 1776. Anno.dccknoifesttO'ClBonQii Iff. C. 39, 40.

Lews now in being)., in-the/swne Manner and Form a* if the said Gertificaterhad been signtd J|s afore-

said; and in case no sufficientCause A all be shewn to the contrary within the THuelwnited by the.said

Advertisement, the said.Lord Chancellor, Load Keeper, or Lords Commit oners as aforesaid, mall have

Poorer and Authority to allow* such Bankrupt's Certificate, Hi the like Maj&ner as if (he Tape bad been

signed agreeable to the Laws now in being, nnd grant or make such other Order thereupon* for the Relief

and Discharge of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from his, her, or their Debts as aforesaid, or other wise,

as to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, shall foetp proper; which Certificate,

if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been duly ob-

tained and allowed agreeable to the Directions of the several Laws now.in Force concerning Bankritpts j

any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 LXX. And whereas the Cafe of Thomas Touchet, late of Manckester, Merchant, and jnow a Prisoner

in the Kings Bench Prison, is attended with very particular Circumstances, and that the fakl Thomas

4 Touchet is Junatick ;* be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That although theauin due

and owing by the said Thomas Touchet to one Creditor does exceed the Sum of one t hou (and Pounds* and

»roewith (landing his said Lunacy, he the said Thomas Touehet shall be intitled to all the Benefits of this A&»

in all RespectSiwbatsoever, as if the said. Thomas Touchet had riot owed more than one thousand Pounds to

one Person, and was not lunatick, any Thing in thisAStto the contrary hereof in any wise.notwithfiand-

ing 1 and that all Alls done or contented to by the Committee of his Estate and Effij&s shall be good and

valid to all Intents.and Purposes, as if the fame were done and coofented to by the {^Thomas Tmhu

timfclf.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one AH tf Parliament, the general Laws new in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great

Britain tolled England, and for other Purposes; which relates to the counterfipking of the

Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and other Carriages, to be used on Turn*

pike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with respect to the Fellies

and Tire of Carriages having die Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of fix Inches or

upwards.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of hj$ preterit Ma-

jetty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act to explain, amend\ and reduce into one At1 of^ Parliament, the Gt-

4 neral Laws new in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England,

and for other Purposes;) it is enacted, That the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggpns, WaHis, Carts,

and other Carriages, to be used on any Turnpike Road, shall be counterfunk, by placing thefameupon

the Fellies in such Manner that the Nails shall not rife above the Surface, and that the Sole or Surface

4 of the Wheels shall be quite flat; and that the Owner of every-Carriage offending therein shall forfeit

the Sum of forty Shillings; and every Driver, not being the Owner, the Sum of twenty Shillings* for

4 every Offence; which Provisions are attended with great Inconvenience ;* be it therefore ^enacted

by the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tfte ftipe. That

the said Clause shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 II. And whereas by the said Act it is provided, That no Person.or Persons shall be allowed to take.the

4 Benefit of certain Exceptions in the said Act mentioned, or have the Power of compounding for Tolls,

in icfped of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge or fix Inches,

4 or upwards, unless the Fellies, and the Tire upon such Fellies, shall lie flat: And whereas Doubts may

arise concerning the Construction of the said Provision, which, according to the flrid Sense of the

4 Words, cannot be complied with: To the End therefore that all Persons who shall endeavour to comply

4 with the said Provisions may receive the Benefit of such Exemptions and Compositions be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of fix Inches, or upwards,

the Fellies or Tire whereof shall not deviate more than one Inch from a flat Surface, shall be deemed and

.taken to be flat, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

CAP. XL.

'An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parilbcs and Places

within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to cer-

tain Questions, specified in the Ad, relative to the State of the Poor; and to authorise

and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions,

in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath,

and to cause them to be transrxmted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

4 IX 7 HEREAS the great and encreasing Expence of maintaining and providing for the Poor, within

% that Part of Great Britain called England, and, the continual Distrefles of the Poor notwithstand-

4 ing, make it highly expedient for the Lagiflaturq. to fake that great, Subicd into their mofl ferrous Con*

VowXIL 4 E 4 sideration:

Clapfein favour

cf Thomaa

Touchet, Mer-

chant.

’Preamble.

A Clause in

AAi| Geo.IIL

redted,

and repealed*

A Provision III

the said A^*

respecting the

Fellieaand Tire

of Carriage*,

fee. explained*

Preumb^

