A.D. 1774'. Anno decimd quarto Georgii Ilk

C.77.. 141

of any Gaoler or Gaolers* or Keeper of any Prison respeelively of this Kingdom, and did not come into, without a frau-

or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a P/ifoner or Prisoners <Ju!;n iimen iion>-

there, with a View or Design to take the Benefit of some A St for Relief of Insolvent Debrors, and who 4?cJn*!rm-

shall take the Oath herein-after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to ing^o\he Rcgu.

be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprison- lanor.i of thi»

ment, in such Manner as hereafter is provided. be

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prisoner or Prisoners who pfcrharge<?’ f

shall be in adhial Custody at the Time of passing this Act, and was or were, on or before the said twenty- tody^thcTimc

eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, arrested, and in actual Custody of an of passing this

Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue of any Writ or Process ifluine out of any Court of a a, who were

Record, and held to Bail thereon, and did, on or before the sixteenth Day of may, one thousand seven irreiied for Debt

hundred and seventy-four, surrender him, her, or themselves, or was or were surrendered in Discharge ®“°.r.b^0,e

of his, her, or their Bari, and thereupon committed to Prison, and has or have continued therein, until ^beld

the passing of this Act, by virtue of such Commitment; every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, upon due and surrendeie/

Proof of the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from such Debt or Demand, in like Manner as if such on or before

Prisoner or Prisoners had been a&ualty in Prison upon the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand M*yiM774*

seven hundred and seventy-four, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the fame Re- ™tbeR0r,d“5

(trillions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, here- ti°on*of this Act

in-before imposed upon Prisoners adtaally in Custody upon the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one fluiibedischarg*

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four $ and also fobbed to the fame Terms and Provisions relating to cd.

the Estate and Effects of every fuen Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Justices, upon

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petitions of the Petition of

any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Ju-

rifdidions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or ner fopeti-

tioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned a true Copy of the Esutt,

Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to

at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjourn-

ment thereof, by Warrant undernis Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or She- «re to issue theb

riffs. Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or W*mntfor

Justices, to bring before the Justices, at the first or second next General Quarter Session of the Peace, or pq^JJothe

any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Cafe shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten (^awSefliow*

Days from the Date of such Warrant for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, &T.

or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants with the w*r-

of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, Ihe, or they, is rant of Detainee

or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid ; which Warrant of *nd Copy of the

every such justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler, or Keeper, is and are hereby com- to.

manded to obey. ©beyfochWar-

VII. And be it also enacted. That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such rant.

Justice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the fame shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Schedule of the

Justices, with whom the fame shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer* Pnfoner’t Estate

acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which

the fame shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall. Ihe Peace, for

require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to insped the fame. Inspedion of

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the the Creditor*.

Space of fix Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left wi^h him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of Justice*refofing:

the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, fwr

City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame shall have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, traDfom a°Copyr

forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovereJ in any of his Ma- of the Schedule

jesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name to the Clerk oft

of any Person who shall prosecute for the fame ; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when d»cPe*ce, shall*

recovered, go to the Party who prosecutcs for the fame, and the'other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the ,orfeu,°1*

Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX". And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to pc- Prisoner* In-'

tition to be discharged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted in tending

three several London Gazette?, previous to such General Quarter Sessions, and the Adjournment thereof, tionfortheir

at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be d.scharged from any Gaol in London, or within Difch*rge, arr

the weekly Bills of Mortality ; and if such Prisoner-shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London*or the JJJSce ?betcol?*

weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper, which shall bepubliftied in or near the County, thrice in the

Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody; Gasette, *c.

containing the Name," Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so.many, of every such Conlenti

Prisoner and Prifiners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or tbt Notice,

their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act; and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper,

to be the first, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publiQdrig each of such Notices; and id, eachTImej

for the inserting of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there and no more,

shall be paid, each Time, by every fudi Prisoner, Two-pence, and no more:. The first of which said

Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Cafe may require,

thirty Days at h aft, and the last of the said Notices ten Days at lead, before any such first or second be inferred

General Quarter Session, and Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Day*, and ihc

Creditors who have not charged the said. Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody as those Creditors who have 10 P*y»

•‘“'wC'M&SC

