244

Perrons pef-

fuading Soldiers

to desert, to for-

feit 40 L

or (offer fix

Months Impri-

fonment, at the

Discretion of the

Court.

When Actions

may be com-

menced.

Penalty 201. if

anyOmcer break

open a House to

search for De-

serters without

Warrant.

Person* not be-

ing Soldiers

committing any

Offences in any

FortorGarrifon,

&c. not within

the Jurisdiction

of any Civil Go-

vernment

nay be appre-

hended i ,

gnd being char-

ged on Oath

with the Offt nee,

may be com-

mitted to safe

Custody till de-

livered over to

the Civil Ma-

gistrate.

Suits in what

Couits to be p(0-

fccuted.

How the Troop!

T« to pay in

passing Ferries.

C. 15; . Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

in such Cafe, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such

Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Monthj,

or cause such Offender to be publickly whipt, at the Discretion of such Justice.

4 XXVI. And whereas evil-disposed Persons frequently endeavour to delude his Majesty’s good Subjects

4 who have engaged themselves as Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty and their Country, and to prevail

4 with them to desert the fame;’ for Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual and exemplary Puni(h-

ment of Offenders in that Behalf, within his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in Americar, be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever (other than' such as are or

shall be inlisted as Soldiers, against whom sufficient Remedy is already provided by Law), shall, by Words,

or other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service

of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, to desert or leave

such Service, or shall go about and endeavour, in Manner aforesaid, to persuade, prevail, or procure,

such Soldier or Soldiers to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Per-

fons who shall sue for the same, the Sum of forty.Pounds; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information,

in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record within the'Province or Place where the Offence shall be com-

mitted, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of L2W, shall be allowed; and if it shall happen that

such Offender, so convicted as aforesaid, shall not have Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the

Amount or Value of the said Sum of forty Pounds, to pay and satisfy the said Penalty, or that from the

Circumstances or Heinousness of the Crime it shall be thought proper and convenient, the Court before

which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid shall award the said Offender to Prison, thereto remain

for any Time not exceeding six Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and also to stand in the Pillory for

the Space of one Hour, in Tome Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was com-

mitted, in open Market there, or in the Market Town itself where the Fast was committed.

XXVII. Provided always, That no such Action shall be brought, or Prosecution carried on, by virtue*

of this Act, unless the fame be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Commission Officer shall break open any House within

his Majesty’s Dominions in America, to search for Deserters, without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace,

and in the Day-time; and that every Commission Officer who shall in the Night, or without Warrant

from one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the said Justice or Justices

are hereby impowered to grant), forcibly enter into, or break open, the Dvvelling-house or Outhouses of

any Person whatsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit

the Sum of twenty Pounds.

4 XXIX. And whereas several Crimes and Offences have been and may be committed by several Persons

4 not being Soldiers, at several Forts or Garrisons, and several other Places within his Majesty’s Domi-

4 nions in America, which are not within the Limits or Jurisdiction of any Civil Government there hitherto

4 established, and which Crimes and Offences are not properly cognizable or triable and punishable by a

4 Court-martial, but by the Civil Magistrate, by Means whereof several great Crimes and Offences may

4 go unpunished, to the great Scandal of Government ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Au»

thority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-fivt, and for so long afterwards as this Act shall continue in Force, if any Person or

Persons, not being a Soldier or Soldiers, do or shall commit any Crime or Crimes, or Offence or Of-

fences, in any of the said Forts, Garrisons, or Places, within his Majesty’s Dominions in America, which

are not within the Limits or Jurisdiction of any Civil Government hitherto established, it shall and may

be lawful for any Person or Persons to apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and to carry him, her, or

them, before the Commanding Officer for the Time being of his Majesty’s Forces there; and such Of-

fender being charged upon Oath, in Writing, before the said Commanding Officer, and which Oath the

said Commanding Officer is hereby impowered to administer, that then, and in every such Cafe, the said

Commanding Officer shall receive and take into his Custody, and safely keep every such Offender, and

shall convey and deliver, or cause to be conveyed and delivered, with all convenient Speed, every such

Offender to the Civil Magistrate of the next adjoining Province, together with the Cause of his or her

Detainer, to be committed and dealt with by such Civil Magistrates or Magistrate according to Law; and

every such Civil Magistrate is hereby commanded and required to commit every such Offender, that he

or (he may be dealt with according to Law; and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to pro-

fecute and try every such Offender in the Court of such Province or Colony where Crimes and Offences of

the like Nature are usually tried, and where the fame would be properly tried, in case such Crime or Of-

fence had been committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court; and such Crime shall and may be alledged

to be committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court; and such Court shall and may proceed therein to

Trial, Judgment, and Execution, in the same Manner as if such Crime or Offence had been really com-

mitted within the Jurisdiction of such Court, any Law, Usage, Custom, Matter, or Thing whatsoever,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit,

against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this

Act, or the said other in Part recited Act, in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, shall be brought

and prosecuted in and before some principal Court of Record in the Colony where such Matter or Thing

shall be done or committed; and in case the fame shall not be done or committed within the Jurisdiction

of any such Court, then in the Court of the Colony next to the Place where the fame shall be done and

committed, and in no other Court whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Troops or Parties upon

Command have Occasion in their March, in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, to pass regular

Ferries,

