344 C. 54.-

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775*

mas Kendal 9 Isaac Lawrence, Peter Meftaer, John Miller, James Menetonie, Richard Mann, Charles Morgan^

John Phillips, James Richardson, Sherwood, Francis Henry Shepherd, James Sheppard\ John Sheppard\

Henry Sunpfon, Sidney, Turpin, Robert Wilson, Christopher Woodham, Woodhaniy William

Whitehead, Jcftah IValiis, Thomas H alls, and Mathew Warded, being Inhabitants'within the above-named

Streets, Lanes and Places shall be, and they and their Successors (to be elected or appointed in Manner

herein-after mentioned) are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And upon

the Death of any of the Persons appointed or to be appointed Commissioners in pursuance of this Adl,

it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, from Tithe to 7'ime to clcdl, and by

Writing under their Hands and Seals to appoint, one other Person inhabiting within the above-named

Streets, Lanes, and Places, to be a Commissioner in the.Room and Stead of such Commissioners so de-

ceased.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted ;by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the

Persons appointed or to be appointed Commissioners as aforesaid, {hall refuse to act, or become Bankrupt

or remove his Uefidence out of the said Parish, or shall neglect to attend at twelve successive Meetings of

the said Commissioners, it {hall and may be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, and they are hereby

authorised to elect, chuse, and appoint, in Manner aforesaid, one other Person inhabiting within the said

Streets, Lanes, and Places, in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner so refusing to act, removing his

Residence, becoming Bankrupt, or neglecting to attend, as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as

a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he {hall then be in his own Right, or in Right of his

Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the

clear yearly Value of forty Pounds; or poflbfled of, or intitled to, a personal Estate of the Value of one

thousand rounds: And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act, every such Person {hall,

for every such Offence, forfeited pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for

the fame; to be recoverable in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt,

or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, together with Cods of Suit, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager

of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification {hall lie

on the Person prosecuted; and it {hall be sufficient on the Part of the Prosecutor to maintain his said Action

by Proof that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Adl.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and

Authorities by this Adl granted to, or veiled in, the Commissioners hereby conflicted as aforesaid, {hall

and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them who {hall attend any Meeting puf-

suant to the Directions of this Adl (the Number of the Commissioners at such Meeting not being less than

five), except in such Cafes where any other Number of Commissioners are hereby required to act: And

all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting,

Xhall have the fame Force and Effect as if done, made or executed by all the Commissioners conflicted

by this Adl.

o» numuji- V* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners {hall meet toge-

cJs'fhft Meeting: ther a* the Vestry-room of the Parish Church of Saint PauTs9 Shadwell9 on the second Monday next after the

passing of this Adl, and proceed to put this Adl in Execution; and they, or any two or more of them, being

the Whole or major Part of the Commissioners appearing at such Meeting, are hereby impowered to adjourn

themselves from Time to Time, to meet at the fame or other convenient Place within the District afore-

said, as they {hall think proper, for putting this Adl in Execution: And if at any Meeting so appointed there

{hall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or if the

said Commissioners {hall at any Time neglect or refuse to adjourn themselves; then, and In every such

Cafe, the Clerk to the said Commissioners {hall appoint a Meeting at the same Place, by publick Notice

in Writing, to be affixed at lead fix Days before the Time appointed by such Notice for such Meeting on

the principal Door of the Parish Church of Saint Paul's9 ShadwelU aforesaid: And in case the said Clerk

{hall die, or be incapable of acting, before the Appointment of such Meeting, or {hall refuse or neglect to

make such Appointment, when required by any two or more of the said Commissioners, then any two

or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by the like publick Notice, appoint the said Commit*

sioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held; and the said Commissioners at all their

Meetings {hall defray their own Expences; but no Person {hall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in

the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office

of Profit under this Adl, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution hereof 5

or shall fell Ale, Wine, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retale.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may

elect and choose, at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Adl, and, by Writing under their Hands and

Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Rates

and AffeUments, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Adl as

they shall think proper; and they are hereby impowered from Time to Time to remove him or them*

and may remove AI1(j appoint others in like Manner as they shall think necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Mo-

them, and ap- ^ies to be raised by virtue of this Adl they may, and arc hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Sa-

laries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed

in the Execution of this Adl as they shall think reasonable; and may take Security for the due Execution

-of such Offices; and such Persons as are made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby

granted, shall pay the fame to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be so appointed to col-

ledl and receive the same, according to the true Meaning of this Adl: And all such Officers and Persons,

so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, upon Demand of the said Commissioners, account with them upon

Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer), touching the several

Matters

for putting this

Act in Execu-

tion.

Commissioners

dying, others to

be appointed.

If Persons ap*

pointed lefule to

ad, etc. others

to be chofco.

Qualification of

Commitiioneis,

Penalty on aft-

ing, if not

qualified.

Five Com mi f-

sioners may aft.

Exception*

Time and Place

of Commission-

Trey are im-

powered to ad-

journ.

If at any Meet-

ing a proper

Number do not

attend, the Clerk

may appoint a-

*3 ther Meeting,

giving fix Days

Notice.

In case of the

Clerk's Death,

Sec. how Meet-

ings may be ap-

pointed.

Commissioners

to bear their own

Expences.

-No Peaca*

pable to act who

holds any Place

of Profit, Ac.

Commissioners

may appoint

Officers j

point others.

How Salaries are

to be paid.

Rates to be paid

to the Collector*

Officers to ac-

count on Oatiii

