196 C. 86

Anno decimo,quarto. GeorguIII; A..D. 1774^

Beaver Skins, Ptpptr, Mace, Cloves 1 and Nutmegs imported 5 and for Importation of all Furs of the Produce of

the British Plantations into this Kingdom ontyi and that the two Corporations of Assurances in any Suits brought^

on their Policies shall be liable only to Jingle Damages and Gifts of Suit ; as relates to the Encouragement of the

Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to the taking'off feverel Duties dn Merchandises exported, which*

was to continue in Force for. three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thoufandfsevenhun-

and by A A xi dred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and •which'by

Geo. 1.», 8,15, several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh Year of the Rergir of his late» Majestjr King George the*

3* First, arid intHe second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, t we rity-six th, and thirty-second rears of the Reign

continued tilt*’ of his laie Majesty King George the;Second, and of the: sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*.

June *4,1774. .hath been continued until the twenty-fourth-Day of fune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fouiy

and from thence to the End of the.then next .Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame i9 hereby

furthercontinu- further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth*Day of June* owe, thoufiuuL seven

«d till June 14, hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next :S«ffion ofPawianaem*

AdVGeo. 1. IV* Ahd .be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That an Act made in the eighth Year of the

and several fob- Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of"

sequent Acts, to Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby \ and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject'

prevent clan- Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities

*^ne Ru”n,ng of the like Production are subject^ which was tt> be in Force for two Years, from the twenty^fifth Day of

o 00 t, c. March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty- two, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament;, and which by several subsequent Acts (except the Glaufes obligifigail Ships and Vef—

fels to perform Quarantine), was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June, one- thousand*

seven hundred an3 forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; ancf

Which, by an Act, made, in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four,

but by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, in (lead of

the said*Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made

in the twenty* first, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Rfeign of his said late Majesty, and of

the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thercr-

of, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from-

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further con-

tinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

4 V. And whereas by the said last-recited Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma—

4 jesty King George the First, reciting; 44 And whereas several Persons, guilty of the clandestine running:

44 of Brandy, or other customable or prohibited Goods, or of receiving such Goods, knowing the fame*

41 to have been so run, do frequently remove from their usual Places of Abode into fame other Country*

44 and are there called by other than their true Names, to avoid their being prosecuted with EfFcd for

44 such their notorious Offences; it is therefore, amongst otherThings, enacted by the said recited Act*

44 That if any Person or Persons (tall be guilty of any Offence or Offences, contrary to the true 'Intent*

44 and Meaning of that or any other Act of Parliament made fOT the preventing clandestine running of

44 Brandy, or other customable or prohibited Goods, or of receiving stich Goods into his or their Houser

44 Shop, or Warehause, Custody, or Possession, knowing the fame to be so run; such Person and Per-

44 Tons shall and may be prosecuted for any of the Offences or Matters aforesaid, by Action, Bill, Plains*

44 or Information, and thereupon a Capias, in the first Process, specifying the Sum of the Penalty (tied

44 for, shall and may issue; and such Person or Persons shall be obliged to give sufficient Rail or Security*

44 by natural-born Subjects or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed*

44 to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of Returiv of such Writ, to an-

44 fwer such Suit and Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of fqch appearing, give sufficient Bast

44 or Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and

*4‘ Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to

44 yield his or their Body or Bodies to Prison And whereas it is expedient, that the Provision herein-

4 before mentioned (houId extend to Offences committed against any Act of Parliament for preventing

4 Frauds in his Majesty *s Revenue of Customs, which hath been or may be made after the parting of the said

4 in-part recited Adbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the paf-

sing of this Act, a Capias, in the first Process, requiring Bail and Security, in the Manner directed by the

said recited Act, shall and may issue, in like Manner, against any Person or Persons prosecuted for any

Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any Act or Acts of Parliament now made,

or hereafter to be made, for preventing the clandestine importing, running, or exporting, or relanding,

any customable or prohibited Goods whatsoever, or for receiving such Goods into his or their House,

Shop, or Warehouse, Custody, or Possession, knowing the fame to be so prohibited, run,.or relanded; ,

any Custom or Usage to the contrary noewithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the Se-

cond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation of his

Majesty's Wot’ds Majesty’s Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence;

in America,See. and to encourage the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine,

which was to continue in Force from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred

and twenty-nine, for the Term of thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

and by 13, ment; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the thirteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his

34, 25, sc 3* said late Majesty *s Reign, was? further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand

G«o. ». and r seven

(Exception.)

and by Att 20

Geo. 2. comi-

1754.and by

iubfeqtentAttt

of *1,27, Sc 33

Geo. ft. and

7 Geo. 3. con-

tinued till Sept.

»?74>

* further conti-

nued-fill Sept*

•y, I7«t.

'Aa8Geo.fi

'recited, refitt-

ing the romrfflg

* of prohibited

Gfeode.

' A Cafiai to be

URicd against

Frrlor.S prose-

cured for Offen-

ces commi'ted

against the Att.

Atti Ceo. 2.

for the Prefer-

v.ifion of his

