tot C. j6.'

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

A.D.

1774.

Penalty on Per-

fons refuting Ad*

M-furcment,

preluding Pay-

ment of Duties.

Customer not to

discharge any

Vefltl till Du-

lies are paid.

Comptay way

JefTcn the Du-

ties, and raise

*bc» again.

Part of the

Tonage Rate!

to be repaid the

ftfa&ers of Ships,

•ollcfbrs and

Treasureis to

keep fair Ac-

counts,

*nd produce

f heir Vouchers,

on Penalty of

201.

Compiny’s an-

imal Meeting.

such Seizure and Distress, {hall be fully satisfied and paid ; and in case of Neglect or Delay in making

such Payment foi* the Space of three Days after any such Distress or Distrefles shall be taken as aforesaid,

that then it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or

any of them, to cause such Distress or Distrefles to be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons not in-

terefted therein, to be appointed by the said Company, and afterwards to sell the same, and therewith to

satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and concerning the said Rates or Duties of Tonage so neglected

or delayed to be paid, for which a Distress shall have been taken as aforesaid, as for his or their reason-

able Charges and Expences in the taking and detaining such Distress or Distrefles, and felling the fame, or

any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel*

in or from which such Distress or Distreffes.shall be so taken.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Matter, Commander, or other Person taking upon him-

self the Command, or appearingto be Matter or Commander, or any Owner, Factor, or Consignee of

any Ship or Vessel, shall at any Time refuse to have his Ship or Vessel measured as aforesaid, or shall elude

or evade the Payment of any Rates or Duties hereby granted, by any Method whatsoever ; every Master,

Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company the

Sum of ten Pounds, and shall also (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates

and Duties.

4 XLIX. And, to the Intent that the said Rates or Duties may be duly answered and paid/ be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Customer, Collector, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Sur-

veyor, Searcher, or Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning the Customs of the said Port

of Kmgjion upon Hull, shall hereafter give or make out any Coquet, or other Discharge, or take any

Report Outwards, for any Ship or Vessel trading or coming to the said Port, until the Rates, Duties, and

Payments hereby granted or payable, by the Master or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel,

according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, shall be paid unto the respective Collectors or Of-

ficers appointed to receive the same as aforesaid ; and that such Master or Matters, or other Persons taking

Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce an Acquittance, under the Hand of such Collector cr Officer*

testifying the Receipt thereof; which Receipt such Collector, or other Officer, is hereby required to give

without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of Forfeiture of twenty Pounds to the said Company ; and that every*

Customer, Collector, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of or

concerning the said Customs, making Default in any of the Matters enjoined them by this Act, shall for-

feit to the said Company the like Sum of twenty Pounds; both which Sums, together with the Costs of

Suit, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, shall be allowed.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Autho.ity aforesaid, That iC

shall be lawful for the said Company, at any Time or Times, upon examining and inspecting the Ac-

counts to be kept of, for, or concerning the said Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf, Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges,

Roads, and other Works and Conveniencies to be made, erected, and maintained by virtue and in pur-

fuance of this Act, to lessen, lower, diminish, or reduce the Rates and Duties of Tonage hereby granted

and made payable, or any of them, and also to advance and raise the fame again, in such Manner as to

them shall from Time to Time seem meet and expedient, so as the said Rates or Duties, when so ad-

vanced and raised again, do not exceed the Rates or Duties herein before granted 5 and the Rates or

Duties so lessened or reduced, shall and may, from Time to Time, be collected, received, or recovered,

by such Ways and Means as the original Rates or Duties hereby granted are authorised to be collected,

received, or recovered ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Rates or Duties of Tonage to

be collected from Ships or Vessels as aforesaid (except only such Ships or Vessels as shall pass Coastwise, and

be called Coajling VeJJeh)y shall be deemed and taken to be a Port Charge, and two-third Parts thereof

shall be repaid to the Matter, Owner, or Ship’s Hu(band, of such Ship or Vessel, by the Merchant or

Freighter, Merchants or Freighters, or by his or their Agent or Agents, or by the Shipper or Shippers*

Receiver or Receivers, of such Goods as may be taken on Board of any Ship or Vessel liable to the said

Rates or Duties of Tonage, in case such Ship or Vessel hath a complete Loading, but if not, then only

such a Part of the said two-thirds as the Tonage of the Goods on Board bears in Proportion to the said

Ship’s complete Loading; and in case of Refusal to repay such Rates and Duties, or such a Proportion

thereof as aforesaid, the fame shall and may be recovered by Action at Law, as in other Cafes of Debt.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Collectors,

Receivers, and Treasurers, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, keep fair

and regular Accounts of all the Monies to be received by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act*

and also of the Monies from Time to Time to be issued, paid, and applied out of the fame, expressing

therein the Time when, and the Name of the Person or Persons from or to whom, all such Monies are or

shall be received, issued, paid, and applied respectively; and also shall, from Time to Time, when there-

unto required by the said Company, upon giving ten Days Notice, to be left at the Dwelling-house or

usual Place of Abode of such respective Collector, Receiver, orTreasurer, attend the said Company, at

such Time and Place, after the said ten Days, as shall for that Purpose be appointed, and then and there

produce to the said Company all such Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, concerning and relating to such

Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, as the said Company shall order, direct, or appoint to be produced ;

and in case any such Collector, Receiver, or Treasurer, shall, upon such Notice given, neglect or refuse

to attend, and produce such Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, as aforesaid, he and they shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Company the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dock Company shall hold a

General annual Meeting in the Guildhall of the said Town of Kingjlun upon Hull, on the Second Day

* of

