35*

Commissioneri

dying, See. jicw

onet to be

chofea.

Qoalificition of

Commissionert*

50I. Penalty for

*Oingf if not

'Gomouffioncft

first Meeting,

Method of

Adjournment,

All Proceeding!

to be it public*.

Meeting*,

Commissionert

to bear their

own Expences.

Commissionert

in the Commit

fion of the Peace

may at Juf-

tice*.

Justicet may ad-

minister Oath*.

AQioos to be

broaghtin Name

of the Treaforcr

or Clerk.

Commissionert

may appoint Of-

ficer!,

and allow them

Salariea,

Officer! to ac-

count toCotn-

mifliuners:

0.58* Anno decimo quinto Georgii III; A.D. 1775

George Collins, John Stocky Edward Montagu, Thomas Gardner, Thomas Laney Edward Kynaflon, John

Hyndmany Thomas Rumsey, John Fofler% Thomas Smithy Richard Norrisy Maurice Grijffithy william Beau-

monty George Goodwiny william Jeffery/, Robert Simmondsy John Stokes, Edward Cartwright, and their Suc-

cessors, to be elected in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for

the Time being, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and when any

of the Commissioners herein named, or hereafter to be elected, mall die, resign, refuse to act, or {hall re-

move from, and reiide out of, the said Parish, it {hall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commis-

sioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby required to el eft and ap-

point one other proper Person, refidingin the said Parish, to be a Commissioner in the Stead of every such

Commissioner so dying, resigning, relufing to act, or removing, as aforesaid; and every Person so elected

and appointed {hall be joined with the surviving or remaining Commissioners, and is hereby impowered to

aft in the Execution of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such

Person had been particularly named in and appointed by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person {hall be capable of acting as a Com-

missioner in the Execution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his acting therein he {hall rent or occupy

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Limits of this Act, of the yearly Value of

twenty rounds: and if any Person or Persons, hereby made incapable to act, {hall presume to act as a

Commissioner, every such rerfon {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be re-

covered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster ; and every Person so prosecuted, or against

whom such Action {hall be brought, {hall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise {hall pay the

said Penalty, without any other Proof given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, than

that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and the Money to be re-

covered in such Action {hall, after Payment of the Costs and Expences attending such Action, be applied

to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Meeting of the said Coramif-

sioners, to be had by virtue of this Act, {hall be held on the second JVednefday in the Month of June3 in

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or within fourteen Days then next after, at the

House of Robert Simmondsy known by the Name of the Long Roomy in the said Town of Hamtfleady who

shall then and there proceed to put this Act in Execution; and {hall then, and from Time to Time after-

wards, adjourn and meet at the fame, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish, as they the

laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit, for putting this Act in Execution, pub-

lick Notice of such Meetings being given in the Church of the said Parish on the Sunday next preceding

every such Meeting respectively.

IV. Provided always. That two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment

'only; and if, at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient

Number of Commissioners to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or in case it shall by any Means happen

that there shall be no Adjournment made; then the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or in case of Failure

thereof, then any five of the said Commissioners shall, by causing Notice to be affixed upon the Door of the

Church of the said Parish, at least three Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Commissioners to

meet at the Place where the last preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, upon some Day, not

exceeding ten Days from the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to have been held; and all

Proceedings of the said Commissioners {hall be at publick Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not

otherwise; and in case of an Equality in Votes, the Chairman shall have the calling Voice.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Meetings to be held under and by

■Virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall bear and pay their own Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall be lawful for such Commissioners

as are in the Com million of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to act as Justices within their Jurisdic-

tion for putting this Act in Execution, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, (except in such Cafes

where they shall be personally interested ;) and in all Cafes where Cognizance is given by this Act to any

Justice or Justices of the Peace it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any

rerfon or persons* for more certain Information in the Matter depending; and in all Cafes where the Com-

missioners are hereby authorised to bring or institute any Action or Actions at Law, the fame shall and may

be brought or instituted in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk appointed by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint

one or more lreafurer or Treasurers, resident within the said Parish, to receive the Monies to be raised and

collected in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act; and also one or more Collector or Collectors oF

the Rates or Assessments herein-after directed to be made; and such other Person or Persons as the said

Commissioners may judge necessary, to be affiding in carrying this Act into Execution; and from Time, to

Time to remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, and appoint

such other Person or Persons, in his or their Stead and Place; and out of such Rates or Assessments {hall

and may make such Allowances to all such Treasurers, Collectors, and other Persons, and take such Secu-

rity for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more

of them, in their Discretion shall think proper.

VIII. Ami be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Treasurers* Collectors, and

other Peiforv and Persons to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall, at all Times when thereunto re-

quired by the said .Commissioners, or any five or more of them, make up and render to the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five

or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing, veri-

fied upon their Oaths respectively (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more or them,

arc hereby impowered to administer)3 of all Monies by them received and paid by virtue of their said^Of-

