A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 77.

*5*

of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persans had actually levied a Fine, fuf-

fered a common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had

become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in anywise not-,

withstanding.

* XLVL And whereas many Persons, who may take the Benefit of this AS, have been great Dealers, Assignees mar

c or otherwise engaged in large Transaftions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great Debts ■PP,y/‘or («rlh«r

4 and Demands, of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of PHf^TrVtouch*

4 Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, or other Incumbrances, or to Reverlion$, Re- ing the r>ifco-

4 mainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or very of his E£.

4 Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiendy described or discovered in &c*

4 the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath, as aforesaid, or which may

4 want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the re-

spective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or

their Discharge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons, duly authorised by them for

that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the

County, Hiding, DiyHion, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Person or Persons shall be then re-

siding, thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things

relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall fend for* or call before andjurtkeimay

them, such Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they {hall think fit;, fend for *nd «*.

and, upon such Person's appearing, {hall examine him, her, 6r them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as J"'0*the

to such Matters and Things, as such Assignee {hall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Per- jn^acc°r

fen or Persons: and if any Person or Persons (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Person* refusing

Charges as fuen Justices shall judge sufficient), shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having a to appear, or to

lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, JTf?er up0?

shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices {hall be put to him, her, commiutd.

or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested, or intended to be verted,

in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Afiig-

nees as aforesaid, that then it {hall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their

Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them,

to commit to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, {be,

or they, {hall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful

Questions as {hall, by such Tuftices, be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every such Person and 20-1. percent.

Persons who {hall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily allowedondif-

come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate, as shall ^ekeatoruh*'

not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the any part of the

Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which {hall Prisoner’* Eflato

be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the not returned in

fame, by the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoners Estate and Effects. the Schedule.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or Dif<h*rgeob.

Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any t*»n<d fraud*.

Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Cafe, every such lently, void.

Discharge shall be void ana of none Effect.

4 XLIX. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be dif- Persons concraJ-

* charged by virtue of this A ft,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That any Person or Persons ,"£a?y Ertatcor

who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protest any Estate, Real 1 >!rbnc^ forfeit

or Personal, of any such Prisoner from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee IOoi. andDouble

or Assignees {hall, in pursuance of this Act, he chose of any such Prisoner’s Estate, discover and disclose. Value, with

to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to TrcbicCoftjof*

such Assignee or Assignees, he, (he, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum SulU

of one hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed,

to and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner ; to be recovered by Adiion of Debt, in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of

such Prisoner’s Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times here- Affionfe*,wish

after, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall be Confrntofihe

chofc in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or Majonty »n Va-

Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held on twenty-one Days publick Notice be-

ing previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in yound for Debt*

Custody in London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper due t> ihe Pri-

which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been lontt’* EiUtej

In Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors, or Accountants, to such Prisoner

or Prisoners, where the fame shall appear necessary or reasonable ; and to take such reasonable Part of any and may submit

such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and Tfm

also /to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons, for to

or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cnufc, or Thing, relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners *wlUiLlon*

Estate or Effects, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners

to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and

.the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom .ftey shall haye noDifter-

6 ence*

