276

Rate*; so mn^e

by ih* Chi rch-

w.irdt r.s anJ O*

verutrs U be

valid.

Landlords of

H.'iitcs, cr thur

Tenants, 1 able

to pay the Rates.

Perfrrs occupy-

ing f<*rar.te A*

paitu ents iiaMe

to pa) the Rates j

an»1 may d-du^t

them our of

their Kents.

Landlords not to

be charced for

iruteaied Rent.

Power to com-

pound for Housei

not exceeding

101. per annum.

How Perfom re-

moving from, or

coming into,

Hous'S are to

pay the Rates.

Time of Com-

mencement of

the Rates.

After June 24,

no other Rates

to be made.

Agreements be-

tween Lcinoh rJs

and Tenants njt

to be vaca ed.

C« 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii IIL A.D. 1775.

be, in Manner aforesaid, for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for paying such Monies as have

been necelTarily expended under or in the due Execution of this Act ; and therein equitably and propor-

tionally rate and assess all and every Person and Persons who do or {hall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any

Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Tenement, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Build-

ing or Hereditament within the said Parish, and any other Person or Persons who by Law, or under this

Act, are chargeable and assessdble for and towards the Relief of the Poor, as the said Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think*fit and proper

to be rated and act’efled ; and which said Rates or Assessments, so to be made and signed by the said Church-

wardens and Overseers of the Poor, {hall be allowed by two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

said County, acting within the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or any two neighbouring Justices for the

said County ; and Notice thereof {hall be given in both the said Churches the Sunday next after the fame

{hall be allowed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted. That the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be made by

the said Churchwardens and Overseers, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid, and effectual, and

fh ill and may be collected and levied in like Manner, as if the fame had been ascertained and made by the

said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, assembled as aforesaid; any Law, Statute,

or UDge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

c XIII. And whereas there are divers Houses in the said Pari{h which are let in separate Apartments,

1 and other Houses let ready furnrthed to Lodgers, by which the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to

4 be made by virtue of this Act is or may be evaded for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That the Land-

lord or Owner of each and every such House and Houses, or his or their Tenant, who {hall let out his '

or her House or Houses in separate Apartments, or ready furnUhed, to a Lodger or Lodgers, {hall be

deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses to all Intents and Purposes,

and fhull be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments by this Act directed to be raised

and levied, whether he, {he, or they, be rated or not.

XiV. And, for the more easy Recovery of the said Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted. That

each and every Person and Persons so renting or occupying any separate Apartihent in such House or

Houses, Or reaJy-furnished House, {hall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the fame ; to be re-

covcitd by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of each and every Person so renting or occupying

the fame, in like Manner as the Rates by this Act are to be levied and recovered.

XV Provided always. That each and every such Occupier or Occupiers who {hall pay such Rates or

Assessments, or from whom the fame {hall be recovered, {hall and may deduct the fame from and out of

the Rent due and payable, or to become due and payable, from him, her, or them, to the respective

Landlord or Owner; and the Receipt for such Payment {hall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or

Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, from his, her, or their said Landlord, for so much Money as he, file,

or they, shall pay, or which thall be levied on him, her, or them, in the Manner directed by this Act.

XVI. Provided also, That no such Landlord or Owner {hall be charged with, or liable to pay for,

any increased Rent, reserved or made payable for or on account of his paying such Rates.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, to .compound with the Owner or Owners of any

Houses, or other Buildings, within the said Parish, the annual Rent or Value of each such House or

Building being under ten Pounds, for the Rates by this Act authorised to be laid, so as in such Compofi-

tion there be not remitted to any such Owner more than One-third of the Rate by this Act intended to be

laid u pon such Premises respectrvely.

‘ XVIII. And whereas Persons frequently enter and occupy Lands, Houses, Tenements, Shops, Ware-

c houses, Coach-houfl s, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or Hereditaments, Part of the Year, or Quarter only,

c by reason whereof great Sums of Money are annually loft;’ be it therefore enacted, That where any

Person or Persons {hall come into or occupy any House, Land, Tenement, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-

house, Stable, Cellar, or other Hereditament or Premises, or out of or from which any other Person

assessed or liable to pay {hall be removed, or which, at the Time of making such Rate or Assessment, was

empty or unoccupied ; that then, every Person removing from* and every Person so coming into, or oc-

cupying the fame, shall be liable to pay such Rate, in proportion to the "Lime that such Persons occupied

or held the fame respectively, in the same Manner as if such Person so removing had not removed, or

such Person so coming in, or occupying, had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate or AssessP-

ment; which said Proportion dial 1 be ascertained by the said Guardians or Governors, or an/ five or more

of them ; to be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Rates by virtue of this Act are to be levied or.

recovered.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the first Rate or Rates, to be made in pursuance of this Act,

{lull commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June next; and every future Rate or Rates shall com-

mence from the Time that the last preceding Rates ended, and not other wise; and the Monies therein

and thereby charged and assessed {hall be payable and recoverable in Manner hereafter directed,

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor of

the said Parish {hall be made other than is in and by this Act directed, after the said twenty-fourth Day of

Juve next.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed

or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching

the Poor’s Rates of the said Parish ; but that every Person who, by virtue of any such Gontraft or Agree-

ment, is or {hall be obliged to pay the said Rates, shall, in Lieu thereof, be obliged, during the Conti-

nuance of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made, or so.

much

