A. D. 1776. Anno deciino (exto .Gfiofton III. C.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to impower the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to erect

any Warehouses or other Buildings (except such Warehouses, Warchhouses, or other Works, as shall be

ueceflary for making, using, preserving, and maintaining, the said Navigation) upon any of the Lands or

Grounds which shall be set out and ascertained for the said Canal and collateral Cuts, or the Towing-

paths, Wharfs, Quays, or other Conveniencies, for the Use of the said Navigation ; or to plant any Trees

on such Lands or Grounds^ unless they shall first obtain the Consent of the Owner or Owners of such

Lands or Grounds at the Time of the setting out the fame, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, under his*

her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals respectively; and that in case any Warehouse or other

Building (except as before excepted) shall be erected, or any Trees shall be planted, upon any such Lands

or Grounds* without such Consent as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Own-

ers of such Lands or Grounds, at the Time of the setting out the fame as aforesaid, his, her, or their

Heirs or Assigns, to take or pull down and remove such Warehouses and other Buildings, and to cut down

and carry away such Trees, without being guilty of any Trespafs, or liable to any Action or Prosecution

for so doing.

XCVI. And be it further enacted and declared. That the Lord and Lords or Owner or Owners of all

and every Manor and Manors through which the said intended Cana), and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs, shall

be made, shall have and be intitled to the foie, several, and exclusive Right of Fishery of and in so much of

the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Reservoirs, Trenches, and Sluices, as shall be made over or through

the Common or Waste Lands within his, her, or their Manor or Manors respectively ; and also in, over*

,or through, any other Lands or Grounds lying within such Manor or Manors where such Lord or Lords,

Owner or Owners, now have or hath, or are or is intitled to, the Right of Fishery in the Pits, Ponds,

and Waters, now being in such last mentioned Lands or Grounds respectively; and that the Owner or

Owners of all other Lands or Grounds, through which the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs

fttall b$ made, shall also have and be intitled to the like foie, several, and exclusive Right of Fishery of and

in so much of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Reservoirs, Trenches, and Sluices, as shall be made in,

over, or through, his, her, or their Lands or Grounds respectively ; so as, in the Use and Exercifeof the

said Right of fishery, no Prejudice be done to the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Reservoirs, Towing-

paths, Banks, or other Works and Conveniencies hereby authorised to be made, or any Water drained

cr exhausted from or out of the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs ; and so as the said Company

of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them,

shall not be liable to any Penalty, Action, or Prosecution, for or by Reason of the taking or deft’roying

of any Fish in the said Canal and collateral Cues and Reservoirs, which shall be taken, killed, or destroyed*

through or by Means of the letting off the Water out of the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs,

for or upon Account of any Repairs or Works to be done in or about the fame.

, XGVII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons navigating or working, or being on

board, any Boat or other Vessel within the Limits of the said Navigation (not being qualified to kill

Game) shall carry on board any such Boat or Vessel, and shall use any Fishing-net, Gun, Engine, or

■ other instrument for taking or destroying Fish or Game; or in case any other Person or Persons not qua*

lifted as aforesaid shall use any Net, Fishing-rod, or other Engine or Device for taking or destroying the

Fish in the said Canal or collateral Cuts and Reservoirs, such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully

convicted on the Oath Qf one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Stafford or V/orceJier, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and in case any M after or other Person having the Command or Care of any

Boat or other Vessel, shall suffer or permit any Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, to have,

carry on board, fend make use of, any Fishing-net, Gun, Engine, or other Instrument for taking or de-

ftroying Fish or Game, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, before one or more Justice or Justices of

the Peace of either of the said Counties reflectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of five Pounds. T

c XCVIII. And for continuing a fufKcient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution*

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the Commissioners herein before ap-

pointed, or to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to -act, the surviving or

remaining Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from

Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to

cleft and appoint, in the Place of every Commissioner dying or refusing to act, some other Person qualified

as herein after mentioned ; and all such Commissioners so appointed shall, from the Time of their respective

Appointments, have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had

been expressly named and appointed Commissioners in and by this Act.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen the surviving or remaining Commis-

{ioners shall at any Time hereafter neglect or refuse, upon Vacancy, to nominate or appoint new Com-

missioners, or that, for Want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood it shall be-

come difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act; or in case the

Commissioners nominated in this Act, or hereafter to be elected under and by virtue thereof, shall all of

them happen to die, or be reduced to a less Number than Nine, that in either of the said Cafes it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time, to make Complaint in the

Premises to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Stafford^ at their General Quarter Sessions to beholden

in and for the said County ; and the said Justices to whom such Complaint shall be made, are hereby au-

thorifed to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof thereof being made to them, to no-

minate such fit and proper Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit to.be Commissioners for the

Purposes of this Acts and the said Commissioners so nominated and appointed (being duly qualified aa

Vol. XII. 3 U herein

Company not to

zrcGt Ware-

houfrs, Arc.

wichout Consent

of Land-owner*

Reservatlofl oP

eiclusive Right$

of Fiihcry,

Care being

taken not r®

injure Canal,

Towing-path*

& c.

Unqualified Pef-

fons not to carry

any Gun, Fi£h-

iRg-nct, &c. on

board any Ve/Tel*

on Penalty ®f

5 I. for each

Ostence.

When Comoiif-

firovrs die. or

refufr to

new Ones to be

chosen.

Justice* at

Quarter-Seflloni

impowered to

nominate Com-

miflioueis in

certain Cales.

