TLe TITLES of the STATUTES.

4& An Act for vetting Part of the settled Estates of Wil-

liam Foflerv and Levina Davey FoJler% his Wife, in

Holdingkam and New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln,

in the said William Fofier, in Fee-simple ; and for set-

tling other Estates of the said William Fojter, in Alder-

ehureh, otherwise Algarkirke, in the said County, of

greater Value, in lieu thereof.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the com-

mon Fields, common Meadows, and wade and com-

monable Lands, within the Parish of Upton Srtodsbury, in

the County of Worcester.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields,

Meadows, Failures, and Commons, within the Parish

of SpridlingtOHy in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields

and Meadows, stinted common Pastures, and free Com-

mons, in the Parish of Heapbam, in the County of Lin-

coln.

Jo* An Ac! for dividing and inclosing the open Fields,

Meadows, common Pastures, and waste Grounds, in the

Manor and Parishr of Ludbarough, in the County of

Lincoln.

f «• An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, Meadows,'Pastures, Fens, Heath, and

waste Lands, within the Parish of Potterhanworth, in the

County of Lincoln.

fa. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Com-

mons, and waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of

Kiddtrminster, in the Parish of Kidder mifjlerf in the

County of Worcester.

S3. Act Act for dividing and inclosing the open common

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other common Lands,

within the Hamkts of Twyford and Charndon* in the

Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham•

S4» An AEL to amend an Act, passed in the tenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

dividing and inclosing /tub of the open Parts of the Diflrifi

. dolled the Fortft of Kriarefboroocb, in the County of York,

as lie within the eleven ConflabTeries thereof ; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

55*. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and waste

i Grounds in the Parish of Wroot, in the County of Lin-

coln.

$6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,

waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Pa-

rish of FoleJhiU, in the County of the City of Coventry.

57* An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and

open Fields, Meadows, and commonable Lands, in the

Parish of Warmingtony in the County of Northampton.

58. An A'd for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

common Fields, HaH-year Ihclof'ures, Lammas Mea-

dows, Brccks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and waste

Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of

‘ Norfolk.

59* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the old

whole Year Lands, common Fields, Half-year inclo-

sures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and waste

Land*, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton

Bendish, or Eastmort, in the County of Norfolk.

so An Act for naturalising Guftav. Nicolaus Eggen.

61. An Act for naturalizing John Everth.

An Act for naturalizing Captain David Francis De

Bezanctnet*

$J. An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick Efberger.

64. An Act for ve&ng the settled Estates of Francis Creuzc

and Sarah his Wife, in the County of Worcester, in

Xruftee8 to be sold ; and for laying out the Money

arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to

be settled 'to the fame Uies.

6$. An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates,

late of John Wilson Esquire, deceased, situate in the

County of Surrey ; and for laying out the Money to

arise by such Sale for the Benefit of John Wilson, an

Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law.

66. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of George

Palmes Esquire, deceased, in the Lordship or Township

of Nabourn, otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of

the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and to

apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the

Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

6;. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish Church

Of Saint Nicholas, in the Town and County of the Town

of Newcastle tfpon Tyne, to demise or lease Part of the

I.and belonging to the said Vicarage to William Lowes

Efauire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in

fuen Lease to be mentioned.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and

common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other

Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tstcombe, other-

wife Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures* and other umnclofcd

Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East

Riding of the County of York; and for making a Com*

penfatiou in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Town-

ship, and of the Township of Nefwici, in the Phrifbof

Bainton afore said.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and

common Fields, and common Meadows, within the

Hamlet or Chapelry of Defford, in the County of Wor-

cester 5 and for draining and levelling, and also for regu-

lating the Stocking with Cattle, a certain Common

called Dejford Common.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

untfidofed Fields, and Parcels of Land, within the Ma-

nor and Parish of Gorton, in the East Riding of the

County of York.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties

of Nottingham and York

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Com-

mons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Elling-

ton, in the County of Huntingdon.

74. An Act for inclosing the open and common Fields,

and common and waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Potion, in the County of Bedford.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and common Grounds, within

the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Nor-

thampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste

Grounds, and also a stinted or common Pasture, called

The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke

Hammond, in the County of Bucks.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and^com-

mon Fields, and common Downs, in the Tithings of

Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts, and Milton Havering,

in the Parish of Milton, irk the County of Wilts.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common-

able Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the

Chapelry or Township of BrickUhampton, in the County

of Worcester.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open

Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Giounds, within the

* Township

