12K

A. D» 1774* Anno decimo quarto GsofeGiiJU. . C. 59, 60.;

CAP. LIX.

An Act for prcfcrving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

c I XT HEREAS the malignant Fever, that is commonly called The Gaol Distember, is found to be Preamble.

€ VV owing to a want of Cleanliness and frefti Air in the fever*! Gaols in England\and Wales^ and the

* fatal Conferences of that Difordet, of which there has been, of late, too much Experience, might be

‘ prevented, if Justices of the Peace were duly authorised to provide such Accommodations in Gaols as

€ may be necessary to answer this falutsry PurposeMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King* mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preterit Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That the several Justices of the Peace, in that Part of Great Britain called England and Power* of the

Wtties* within their (several Jurisdictions, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorised and

required to order the Walls and Cielings of the several Cells and Wards, both of the Debtors and the >• two*

Felons, and also of any other Rooms uted by the Prisoners in their respective Gaols and Prisons, where

Felons are usually confined, to be teraped and white-washed. once in the Year at least; to be regidarly

washed and kept clean, and conftamlv ftipplted with fresh Air, by Means of HamF'Venrilators, or other-

wife ; to order two Rooms in each Gaol or Prison, one for the Men, and the other for the Women, to

be tec apart for the Sick Prisoners, directing them to be removed into such Rooms as soon as they (had

be seized with any Disorder, and kept fopafate from those who shall be in Health 5 to order a Warm and

Cold Bath, or commodious Bathing Tubs, to be provided in each Gaol or Prison, and to direct the Pri-

foners to be waited in stich Warm or Cold Baths or Bathing Tubs, according to the Condition in which

they shall be at the Tims, before they are suffered to go out of stich Gaols or Prifom upon any Occafioii

whatever; to order this Act to be painted in large ami legible Char afters upon a Board, and hung Up in

some conspicuous Part of e*ch of the said Gaols and Prisons 3 and to appoint an experienced Surgeon or

Apothecary, at a dated Satary, to attend each Gaol or Prison respectivfel^ Who shall, and he is hereby

directed to report to the said Justices by whom he is appointed, at each Quarter Sessions, a State of the

Health of the Prisoners under his Care or Superintendence.

IL And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tuftices of the Peace, in their They are t»

said Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorised to direct the several Courts of Justice within their make Order* as

respective Jurisdictions to be properly ventilated; Jo order Cloaths to be provided for the Prisoners when dud*

they fee Occasion ; to prevent the Prisoners from being kept under Ground, whenever they can do it con- u

venientiy; and to make such other Orders, from Time to Time, for restoring or prcfervfng the Health of

Prisoners, as they shall think necessary.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Exppnces attending the Execu- Expeocwhowts

Yion of the Orders of the said Justices, made in pursuance of this Act, so far as *he fan)* shall respect be defrayed.

County Gaols and Prisons, and Courts of Justice belonging to Counties, shall be borne and defrayed, at

all Times, out of the respective County Rate$£ ahd so fa* as the fame shall respect the Gaols and Prisons,

and Courts of Justice, of particular Cities, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises, or

Places, that do ndt contribute to the Rates of the Counties in which they are respectively (ituafed, such

Expences fbaH be defrayed out of the Publick Stock or Rates of such Cities, Towns Chrporate, Cinque

Ports, Liberties, Franchises, or Places, having such exclusive Jurisdictions, to which such Gaols, or Pri-

fons or Courts of Justice, shall respectively belong: And if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, at Gaoler*difbbey.

any Time, neglect On disobey the Orders of such Justices made in pursuance of this Act, he may be pro- ,ng0r,de!4 tob«

cccded against in a summary Way, by Complaint made to the Judges of Assize, or to the Justices, jn their

Quarter Sessions; and if he be found guilty of such .Neglect or Disobedience, he shall pay such Fine as miry Way.

the Judges of Assize, or Justices, shall impose, and shall be committed in case of Non-payment.

CAP.'LX.

An Act for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of Gcdley, in

the County of Surrey, against the Penalties to Which they are or may be liable, for fell- ' 1

ing Ale, Deer, Wine^ or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain x

Conditions.

WHEREAS the several Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred or Division of Godley, in Preamble,

the County of Surrey, did, in Obedience to a Summons from the High Coqstable of the said

Hundred, attend at a Meeting of the Justices of the Peace, held at Chertsey, in the said Hundred, on

the first Day of September, one thousand (even hundred and seventy-three, and obtained a Renewal of

their Licences for felling of Ale and Beer in the usual Form; and since the Renewal of such Licences,

(several of the said Innkeepers and Victuallers, whose Licences for Sale of Spirituous Liquors were

expired, applied to the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Excise for the .Renewal of such Licences, who

renifed to renew the fame, alleging that he was restrained by Law from so doing, the {aid Licences for

the Sale of Ale and Beer not having been signed by two Tuftices qualified by Law to sign the fame; and

the Time appointed by Act of Parliament for renewing Licences for selling Ale and Beer being elapsed

before the said Innkeepers and Victuallers were acquainted with any Informality or Doubt concerning

the Legality of such Licences, no other Licences could be procured: And whereas it is doubtful, whe

VOL.XII. R

ihoe

