A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 90. '215

for that Year or Half Year shall have been made and assessed, as aforesaid; which Rate and Assessment

being allowed and confirmed by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of ATtddlesex, or City

and Liberty of Westminster, as the Cafe {hall be, {hall and may be raised, levied, and collected, by such

Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the before-mentioned Rate is directed to be raised, levied, and

collcded, by any of the said former Acts, respecting such Parish, Liberty, or Place, or by this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons, who {hall be No Person ?»te*

rated to and pay any Rate or Rates to be made in ptirfumce of this Act, {hall be liable to Watch or Ward to b: liable to

by virtue of the Statute commonly called The Statute of Winchcfler, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign *!\c Stalutc 1J

of King Edward the First, or any other subsequent Statute relating thereto, but {hall be and are discharged w*

of and from the same.

XLII. Provided rtevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per- Persons aggriev.

fons {hall find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue or in pur- ed n>ay appeal

fuance of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, then, upon Appeal to the next General Quarter Sef- 10 General

fion, or General Session of the Peace, to be held for the said County of Middlesex, which {hall be first held "onl*

after fourteen Days after Notice of such Rate or Demand made of the Sum thereby rated or assessed, Notice

of such Appeal being given to or left for the Collector of such Rate, fix Days at the least before the first Day

of such Session, it {hall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them

then assembled, at and in such General Quarter Session, or General Session, to make such Order therein as

to them {hall seem meet; which said Order {hall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and such Appeal,

or the Subject-matter thereof, or any Order therein made, {hall not be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or

otherwise.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That all Money whatsoever to be collected or received Money college*

by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts, {hall be applied and applicable to the defraying of the to bc

Expences of the said Nightly Watch and Beadles, and other Charges incident thereto: And if any Col- ^[;e^ora rcfu^

lector or Receiver, to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, {hall refuse or neglect to give a f,ng or neglect-

just Account, or to pay the A'ionics remaining in his Hands to any Person or Persons authorised to receive ing to account

the fame, it {hall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or be commo-

City and Liberty of ll'cjhnin/ler, as the Cafe {hall be, upon Complaint ro them made by any one or more ted*

of the said Vestrymen, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, or Governors and Directors of

the Poor, to whom the said Collector or Receiver {hall be accountable by virtue of any of the said former

Acts, or of this Act, and Proof thereof made upon Oath by one or more credible Witness or Witneffe*

(which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), by Warrant under

their Hands and Seals, to commit such Collector or Receiver to the common Gaol, there to remain with-

out Bail or Mainprize until he {hall have made a true Account, and {hall also have satisfied and paid such

Sum or Sums of Money, as upon the said Account shall appear to be remaining in his Hands.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress {hall be made for not

any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, the Dif- deemed unlaw

tress itself {hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or ful for want of

Trespafters on account of any DeFault or Want of Form in the Warrant or Warrants of Distress, or any form)

Proceedings relating thereto, nor be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassbrs ab initio on account of any Irregu-

larity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining*, but the Person or Pei fons ag-

grieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage only, by Action on the

Cafe.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or ProceedIng« not

A fit Aments, made, or to be made, by virtue of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, or any Pro- remote-tic by

reeding to be had touching any Order made, or to be made, or any other Matter or Thing done, or to be Ce,tl0Ijrh

done, or transaded in, or relating to, any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon,

shall be aualhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

U'ejlminfer, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV I. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregu- Plaintiffs not to

larity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if l ender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf »eeovenfTen.

of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such Irrcgula-

rity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought: And in cale no such Tender shall How Defendant*

have been made, it {hall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, if he, flic, or mav ^rjc.ed

they, shall so think fit, at any Time before IlTue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they uhen no Tc«.

shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be made or given in and by such der hath been

Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. ma c*

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limitation of

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of any of the said former Actions.

A<ds, or of this present Act, that every such Action or Suit mall be commenced within three Months next

after the Fad committed, and not afterwards,'and shall be laid and brought in the County of Aliddhjcx,

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General lifuc. Central !flu*

i*nd give this Act, and ary of the said former Acts, and the special Matter, in Evidence on any Trial to

be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of any of the said former

Acts, or of this present Act: And if it {hall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be

brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County*

City, or Place; that then, and in such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and

upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs {hall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or

their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict {hall pase against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment

