C. 7.

Anno decimo quarto

On Drath, &c«

of Comniiflkm-

cn, others to be

eh oieo«

Quilifler ion of

CommiiTioners.

Penalty on act-

ing, if not q^a*

hhcd«

Commiffir net

not toad wlulft

he holds a Place

of Profit.

Firfi Meeting of

Commissioners.

Fower of Ad-

journment.

Comroifli oners

to pay their own

FxpeiK'S.

Regulations to

be made by

Majority <>f

Commissioners.

Commissioners

fray alter any

Order under cer-

tainRestrictions.

Proceedings to

be entered in

Rooks,

the fame; the Constable of the Castle, the Bailiffs of the Town, the Aldermen, the Steward, and the

Town Clerk of Cardiff for the Time being, and their Successors, (to be elected in Manner heretn-after

mentioned), shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted. That in case of the Death of any of the said Commissioners, or in case

of their Refusal or Neglect to a ft for the Space of two Years, such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to act*

being declared at a publick Meeting, that then it shall and may be lawful for the surviving Commis-

sioners, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to

elect by Ballot some other Person, qualified in the Manner after mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the

Commissioners so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, one Month’s Notice of the Time and Place of

Meeting for every such Election being given in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners,

or by any seven or more of the said Commissioners, and affixed on the Door of the Guildhall of the said

Town; and every Person so elected shall, from the Time of his Election, have the fame Power and

Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Com-

missioner by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall be qualified*

or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in the aftuar

Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

of the clear and yearly Value of fifty Pounds Freehold, within the County of Glamorgan; or shall be Heic

Apparent of some Person having an Estate of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Freehold, in the

County of Glamorgan; or unless he be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, and Receipt of Rents andT

Profits of Houses, Lands, or Tenements, of the. clear yearly Value of ten Pounds Freehold, arising

within the Limits of the said Town or Liberties thereof ; or being an Inhabitant or Resident within the

said Town or Liberties, (not having such Estate as aforesaid) unless he shall be a Tenant or Occupier

of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or possessed of a per-

fonal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds, after all Debts paid; nor unless he shall, at the first

Meeting in which he shall act as Commissioner, deliver in, or Cause to be delivered in, a Certificate in

Writing, signed by him, expressing his Qualification; which Certificate shall be filed by the Clerk of tha

said Commissioners, and an Entry made of their Names, and the l ime when delivered, in a Book to be

kept for that Purpose, signed by the said Clerk : And if any Person not being so qualified, or not delivering

such Certificate, or other Person appointed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall

presume to act as a Commissioner in Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every fud\

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or persons who shall sue for the same v

to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed ; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay

the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Profccutor, than that such

unqualified Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner

in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall bold any Place of Profit by virtue of

this Act.

V. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and

may, and they are hereby impowered and required, to meet in the Guildhall of the said Town, on Monday

the iecond Day of May next, between the Hours of ten and twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon of the

fame Day, and proceed to the Execution of this Act ; and then from Time to Time afterwards to adjourn

themselves, and meet there, or at any Place within the said Town or Liberties thereof, as often as the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, for putting this Act in Execution ;

and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners

to adjourn to any other Day, then, and as often as any such Cafe shall happen, the Clerk to the fi\iJ

Commissioners shall and may adjourn such Meeting to that Day Fortnight, giving Notice thereof in the

Parish Church of &taint John the Baptish within the said Town, fix Days before such Meeting; or ilf

there be no Clerk appointed, or the Cleik to the said Commissioners shall neglect or omit to adjourn, or

any wrong Adjournment shall be made; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioner?, or any five

or more of them, may, by publick Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the Door of the

'Guildhall of the said Town, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the then la ft

Meeting was appointed to be held, at* any Time not Jess than three Days, or more than fix Days

next after any such Notice shall be given as aforesaid ; and the said Commissioners shall and may meet

accordingly at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution of

this Act, and shall and may make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or the Majority

of them, then and there present, shall appear necessary, for the better and more effectual carrying

this Act into Execution : And the Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Charges

anu Ex peners.

VI. And be it enacted. That at: every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this

Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part of the

Commissioners present, so as such major Part shall always consist at least of the relpcftive Number of

Commissioners by this Act limited for the respective Purposes therein mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall, at any Meeting, make, vary,

alrcr, or make void, any such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, in such Manner as they shall think need*

ful and proper.

VIII. Provided always, .That no Order, Rule, or Regulation, made by the said Commissioners as

aforesaid, Cull be revoked, varied* altered, or made void, unless nine or more of the said Commissioner^

shall

