A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 17.

455

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may elect’and appoint a Clerk or

Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and Collector or Collectors of the said Toils or

Duties, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think nccellary, and from l ime to Time remove

such respective Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, andvin the Stead of such of them as shall die

or be incapable of performing his or their Duty; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, shall

and may make such Allowances to the respective Officers for their Care and Pains, and to such other Per-

fons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees

shall think reasonable; and such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Col-

lector or Cclleftors, or other Officers, and every of them, shall, from Time to Time, at any Meeting of

the said Trustees, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver in upon Oath (which Oath any

one of the Trustees is’hereby impowered to adminhfer) a true, exact, and perreft Account in Writing,

under their respective Elands, of all Monies which he or they, every or any of them, shall to such Time

have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, on account of their respective Offices, with

proper Vouchers for the Money so paid and disbursed; ;and in case of any Refusal or iNeglect to make and

deliver such Account in Manner as aforesaid, or to pay the Money remaining in his or their Hands unto

the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint to receive the same,

then, and in either of the said Cafes, any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said

County of Salop, shall make Inquiry of and concerning such Neglcdt or Refusal in a summary Way, either

by the Confeliion of the Parties themselves, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or

Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer

without Fee or Reward), and upon Conviction shall commit the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing

to account, or to make Payment as aforesaid, to the common Gaol of the County of Sa/op, there to

remain until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have

compounded for the fame, and paid such Composition; which Composition the said Trustees are hereby

impowered to make and receive, or authorise to be received.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby im-

powered and required, from Time to l ime, to take such Security from the Clerks, Treasurers, and other

Officers, and Persons by them appointed and employed in the Execution of this Act, for the due and

faithful Execution of their several and respective Off ces or Employments, as they shall think proper,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or

they shall employ for that Purpose, shall and may, and is and are hereby authoriseJ and impowered, from

Time to Time, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut, dig, gather, take, lead and carry away, any

Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stones, Ballast, or any other Materials proper and necessary for making and com-

pleting the said Bridge, or for repairing and keeping the fame in Repair when made, or for making,

repairing, and keeping in Repair, any Road or Avenue leading thereto, in, upon, out of, or from any

Waste Ground, or out of any River or Brook, in the respective rarifties of Bentball, Brofdey, and Madclcy,

aforesaid; and also in, upon, or out of and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons what-

(oever (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or in-

closed Ground planted with any Avenue of Trees for the Ornament of any House), such Surveyor or

Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from which such Ma-

terials shall be taken, and paying or offering to pay to the respective Lord or Lords of the Soil of such

Waste Ground, River, or Brook, and to the Owner or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, for the

Damages they shall and may sustain thereby, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between

the said Owners or Occupiers, and the said Trustees; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise

concerning the fame, such Difference or Dispute shall and may be settled and determined by any two or

more justices of the Peace for the County of Salop; and the Sum or Sums so agreed upon or settled shall

be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

4 XXX. And whereas it may happen that the said Bridge may receive such Damage by unforeseen Ac-

€ cidents; that the Pafi?ge thereof may for some Time become dangerous and impracticable ;* be it there-

fore enacted, That when and as often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or

such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, to provide a proper and

convenient Ferry br Ferries across the said River Severn, and as near to the Site of the said Bridge as con-,

veniently may be, and to take for Passage over the said River by such Ferry or Ferries such Tolls as are

hereby authorised to be taken for passing over the said Bridge.

XXXI. Provided always, That such Ferry or Ferries shall continue for such Time only as shall be ne-

cessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and until the Passage over the fame shall be made safe

and commodious.

4 XXXII. And for preventing any wilful and malicious Damage being done to the said Bridge, or any

Part thereof,* be it further enacted, 1 hat if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously blow Up, pull

down, burn, or otherwise damage or destroy, the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or shall wilfully or

maliciously, and without Authority from the said Trustees, remove or take away any of the Materials

or Works thereto belonging, or in anywise cause or procure the fame to be done, whereby the said Bridge

or the Works thereof may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers endangered, the Person or Persons

offending in either of those Cafes (being lawfully convicted thereof) shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and

shall be transported as a Felon.

XXXIII. Provided always, That the Matter or Owner of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel,

navigated upon the said River Severn, shall be and is hereby declared subject and liable to make Satisfaction,

for any wilful Damage or Mischief which shall be done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or to any

of the Works which shall be erected lor building the fame, by the Crew who shall navigate or belong to

such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vellel; and in case the fame shall not be forthwith paid, the Clerk or.

Vol. XII. 3 N , Treasurer

Trustees may

appoint Officers,

and allow them

Salaries.

Officers to ac^

count, Arc. to

Trustees 5

or, in DcfuiIt

thereof, to be

committed.

Officers to gTvg

Security.

Surveyors may

take Material*

from any W.ftf

Ground, fcc.

making Satis-

faction for Da*

in ages.

In case of Dif*

p )?r, to be set-

tled by Ju dices.

A Ferry may be

11 fed while {he

Bridge is dan-

gerous, Acc.

Prorifo,

Persons destroy^

ing or damaging

the Bridge,

deemed guilty of

Felony,

Owners of

Boats, Arc. made

answerable for

Damige done by

the Crew.

