A. D» 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 31.

may be lawful for the Justices of Peace, or any two of them, to levy such Expence by Distress and Sale,

in the same Manner as is directed for levying the Composition aforesaid.

4 XX. And, for preventing Annoyances on all and every of the said Roads/ be it enacted, That no Per-

son shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber or Stone, Lime, Dung, Soil, Compost, Ashes, Rubbifti,

or other Matter, upon any of the aforesaid Roads or Highways; and all and every Person or Persons so

offending shall not only forfeit the Materials so laid down, but also the Sum of five Shillings Sterling; to

be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this All directed, the one Half

thereof to be paid to the Informer, the other Half to be applied for making and repairing the aforesaid

Roads.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or

draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Tim-

ber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage; or shall suffer any

Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or Stone, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a

Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads; every such Person shall, for every fuen Offence,

forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XXII. And be it ena&ea by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collelior of the Land Tax or Cess of each

Royal Borough of the Distrilt for the Time being shall be annually bound to collell the Conversion-money

of the Statute-work of the Inhabitants and others redding within such Royal Borough, and Suburbs thereof,

in case they shall be desired or required so to do by the Trustees or Commissioners of the DiffriH, at their

first annual or any after adjourned Meeting; and shall also be bound to account for and pay in to such

Commissioners, or any Person impoweredhy them, the Monies he shall so collell and receive, after Deduc-

tion and Allowance of five Pounds per Centum of the Sums so collected for his own Trouble; and that under

the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling to be paid by such Collelior to the Commissioners of the District for

every such Offence, in refusing or neglecting so to do; which Penalty shall be levied and recovered in

Manner herein-after directed*

XXIII. And whereas it has been found, by Experience, from the great Number of Roads and Bridges,

and the daily Increase of Carriages within the said County of Fife* that the Sum of ten Shillings, Scots

4 Money, upon each hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by the sixteenth A<3 of the

4 second Parliament of King Charles the Second, has been irisufficient for keeping the said Roads and Bridges

in Repair ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Persons in the said A& mentioned, at their General Meeting at Coupar in the Month of May, in this

present Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and at every annual Meeting in the Month of

May hereafter, to assess the whole County to the Extent of one Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling, or

twenty Shillings Scots9 upon every hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent: And in case the said General

Meeting shall not assess the whole County to the Extent of the said Sum of one Shilling and Eight-pence

Sterling, then it shall be lawful to and in the Power of all or any of the Distrill or DistriHs, at a General

or any adjourned Meeting, to assess the said Distrill or Distri&s to what further Sum they shall judge necef-

fary, the said two Assesstnents not exceeding the said Sum of pne Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling in the

Whole upon every on* hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and which additional Assessment shall be HowthcMoney

certified to the Collector of Supply in Writing, under the Hands of the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meet- U tabe <*Ueae4

ing; and which respective Sums shall be levied by the said Collelior, along with the Cess or Land Tax of »nd applied.,. ,

the said County, and lhalt be applied towards the building, making, repairing, and upholding, the High-*

ways and Bridges within the DistrilU where levied: And the said Collector shall keep an exalt and separate coileAor* to ’

Account of the Sums levied out of each of the said DistriHs, which shall only be applicable to the Bridges keep separate

and Roads within the said several Distri&s out of which the fame shall be levied, and shall be issued only Dy Accounts

the said Collector, upon Orders from the General Meetings of the said DistriSs, or Committees appointed

by them; and it shall not be lawful to apply any Part of the Sums raised in one Distrill towards the Repa-

ration of Roads and Bridges in another Distrill, except in the Cafe herein-after mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, at their first General TheTrustee*,at

Meeting of the respective Distri&s, on the second Tuesday of June9 in this present Year one*thousand seven their annual

hundred and seventy-four, and at their annual Meeting, to be held thereafter on the said second Tuesday of Meeting*,&c. t®

jfprtly or at any adjourned Meeting of the said respective Distri&s, shall make out an exalt and distmlt make °ut

Report of the particular Roads and Bridges, and of the Services, Statute-work, and Conversion-money j^adi and

thereof, and other Monies to be levied by virtue of the Powers given by this Alt, out of the several Parishes Bridges"*©,

within the said respeltive Distri&s, and of the particular Application thereof for that Year; and a Copy Report’to be

of the said Report, signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meeting,- shall be timeously transmitted to lodged with the

the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, and shall be entered in the Book to be kept by him for that Pur- Cleric of the

pose, as aforesaid, and shall remain unalterable by any other or subsequent Meeting of the said respeltive Peace*

Distri&s, but shall nevertheless be subject to the Review of the said General Meeting of the said County,

to be held in the Month of May annually, to the Effect only that they may order and direct what Roads

and Bridges shall be first made, built, or repaired, within the said respeltive Distrilts.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case the rebuilding or repairing of How the

any one Bridge within the said County shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, the DistriH within Expence of »*-

which the said Bridge is situated shall only be subject and liable to pay one Half of the said Sum, and the paring Bridge*

other three Distri&s shall be subject and liable to pay the other Half thereof, and that in proportion to the #re to bc borut'

valued Rents of the said several Distrilts; and the rebuilding or repairing of the said Bridge shall be done,

made, and executed^ by the Direction only of the said General Meeting of the County, and the Sum ap- Money to

pointed to be applied for tharPurpose shall be issued by the said Collector of the Cess or Land Tax, upon be issued by the

and by an Order in Writing of the said General Meeting, extra died by their Clerk. Coiieflor of tfc.

K a XXVI. And

e

67

No Annoyance*

to be laid on tht

Roads*

No Timber or

Stone* to be

drawn but upon

Wheel Carriage*

on Pain of 10 a.

Conversion.

money of Royal

Borough* to be

levied by the

CollcAon of the

Lend Tax,

and paid iit to

the Trustee*,

after DeduAio*

Of five per Cent.

sot. Scot* to be

laid upon each

tool. Scot* of

valued Rent*

