A. D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 12, 13,

237

Drains, Banks, andTunnels, within and upon the said Lands, and upon a SJipofGround called jlllerton

Gull, lying between the Thirds of Flag Fen aforesaid and the Thirds of Oxney^ as shall be necessary for

conveying the Waters from the said Lands through the Drain called Oxney Lead (which last-mentioned

Drain shall be scoured, cleansed, widened, and deepened, by the Direction and at the Expence of the

Commisioners of the second Distriit of the said North Level), or otherwise, into the Drain called Mufcott

otherwise Catwater\ and to work, use, and employ, the said Mill or Engine, so to be erected, for con-

vcyingthe said Waters by such Drains, so to be cleansed, scoured, widened, deepened, of made, as afore-

said, into the said Drain called ’Mufcott otherwise Catwater, except at' such Times as herein after are

mentioned ; any Clause or Restriction in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King

George the Second, or in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XL Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid.

That the said Mill or Engine so to be erected shall not be used. Worked, or employed, at any Time or

Times when the Water in the Counter Drain at Northeau Gravel Bridge shall be so high as to be above

a Gauge or Mark, to be fixed or let at or near the said Bridge, by the Direction of the Committee of the

Commissioners for the said North Level and Portsand for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted. That in case the said Mill or Engine shall be worked, used, or em-

ployed, at any Time or Times when the Water in the said Counter Drain shall be above such Gauge or

Mark as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee of the Commissioners of the

North Levd and Portsand, or any two or more of them, upon Proof thereof, on the Oaths of two or more

credible Witnesses (which Oaths any two or more of the said Committee are hereby impowered to ad-

mini (let), by Warrant under their Hands, to order and cause the going and working of the said Mill or

Engine to be flopped or discontinued till the Water in the said Counter Drain shall be so abated as to be

below the said Gauge or Mark so to be fixed as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided, and it is hereby further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That if any

Adtton, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, shall at any Time or Times be commenced or prose-

cuted again if any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, or in

Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit, Information, or

other Proceeding, shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed,

and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and

Northampton^ or one of them, or in the Isle of Ely, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants

in such Action may plead the General Issue, or if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act,

as Persons acting under and by the Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give

this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid),

at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this

Ad: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, Information, or

other Proceeding, shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought

in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants ;

and* ki such Cafe, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution of, or dif-

CQjltinue, his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, or if Judgment shall be given against him,

her^or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise 5 then, and in every or any of the said Cafes, theDefendant

"Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover double Cods, for which he, (he, or they, shall

have the like Remedy, as where Cods are awarded by Law.

XIV. Saving and reserving nevertheless unto the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the

Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Ledford Level, and their Suc-

cedbrs, and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Admini-

(Irators, and Assigns, all such lawful Rights, Powers, Jiirifdidioirs, and Authorities, now veded in and

enjoyed by them respectively, as are not hereby taken away, repealed, or altered.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in all FuUlick Ad»

Courts within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Publick Act; and shall be

judicially taken Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleadings

the fame.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Eaj1 and TVefi Flegg9

in the County of Norfolk.

At what Time

such Engine so

ete&rd may not

be worked.

Commissionert

may stop such

Engine when

the Water rife*

above a certain

Gauge.

Limitation at

Actions.

General Idae*

Double CofU*

Saving Clause

for the Confer,

vatort of Bed-

ford Level.

CAP.

