18 a C. 80; • Anno dedmo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774/

or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in the said Ad, made in the twelfth Year of her said late

Majesty’s Reign, by receiving or talcing Interest for the Sum or Sums of Money to be really and bonajide ad-

vanced or lent on any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer, or Assignment, as aforesaid,

so as the Interest so to be received or taken do not exceed the Rate of six Pounds for one hundred Pounds

for a Year; the aforesaid Act of Parliament, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Not to make ill. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not make good, valid, or effeduaf,

food fi^h Mort- any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer, or Assignment, where the Lender or Lenders

fcn^crius'd- an7 Sum or Sums Money has or have knowingly advanced or lent, or shall knowingly advance

vlr.cll more * or lend thereon, more Money than the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other

than the Lands Things, in such Mortgages, Securities, Transfers, or AfBgnments, mentioned or comprised, or to be

♦re worth. mentioned or comprised, was, were, or {hall be, at the Time or Times of advancing or lending such

Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, really and bona fide worth, to be sold.

Persons borrow. ]V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, borrowing,

ccc j i n c*Va» Sum or Sums or Money under the Authority of thk A cl, upon any such Lands, Tenements, Here-

in^ which the * ditaments. Slaves, Cattle, or other T hings, as aforesaid, exceeding the Value which the fame {hall ber

Linds <hall be at the Time of borrowing such Sum or Sums of Money, really and bona fide worth to be sold over and

worth, 10 forfeit above all Incumbrances which fli3ll then affect the fame, {hall forfeit triple the Value of the Sum bor-

trfPh tsLmllUC rowec*» the one Half to he Pa^ to the Informer, the other Half to the Treasurerof the Royal HospitaL

One Half to Seamen, at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, for the Use of

the Informer, the said Hospital.

a-ni (he other to Greenwich Hospital.

Mortgages to be V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all such Mortgages, or other Securities granted under the*

registered in the Authority of this Act, by which such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments. Slaves, Cattle, or other

whe°re^hfunds ^h*nBs* are intended to be charged or affected, {hall be registered within the Kingdom, Island, Colony,

w.>ere c n s p|antation^ Country, or Place, where the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or

other Things, severally lie, or are within the Time lirftited by the Laws of such Kingdom, Island, Colony*

Plantation, Country, or Place, otherwise the fame {hall be subject to the several Provisions and Penal-

ties contained in the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, in such Man-

ner as the fame would have been if this Act had never been parted, unless the Mortgagee, or other Person

or Persons, for whose Behoof such Mortgage or other Security shall have been made or granted, shall have

bona fide used his or their utmost Endeavour to cause the fame to be registered within the Time herein-*

before limited for that Purposer

CAP. LXXX.,

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned* for the better Encouragement of

.... the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon foreign-

made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with d Duty.

Preamble. 4 \WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned are near expiling ;* may it therefore please your

VV Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

AO 33Gea.s. present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the thirty-third

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an A£1 made

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late MajesiyJ*hteen Anne, intituled\ An Act for the better Encourage-

ment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force until the twenty-

ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the

arriAOtGeo.3. then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his pre-

for encouraging Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September,

SaiJCotbnf»|0 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Great Britain. Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the

furthercontinu- twenty-ninth Day of September, one thofuand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End

cd.riii Sepc* 14, of the then next Session of Parliament.

JI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of

foff/curing the c^e Re,8n his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now

Dutie* on 1©- payable on foreign-made Sail Cloth, imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all foreign-made Sails

reign.mtde Sail with a Duty ; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea,

cloth, kc. bc furnished with one compleat Set of Sails made of British) San Cloth, which was to continue in Force

from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven

c ‘ \ anj* Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three subse-

6 Geo. 3. <quent Acts. made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and

of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day

of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next

furtherconti* &ession of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, un-

ited tin June til the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand feycn hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the

th E/id of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP.

