3H

Not exceeding

112,528!. 21.

5<f *q . to make

good the Defici-

ency of Grant*

for the Service

of 1774.

The f«id Aidsto

be arplied only

to the Uies be-

fore mentioned.

Rule* to be ob-

served in the Ap-

plication of the

Half-pay,

By A& 14 Geo,

HI.

a Sum not ex-

ceeding

107,525!. 19*,

ad. was appro-

priated to be paid

to the reduced

Officers.

Overplus Mo-

nies above satis-

fying said Of-

ficers, to be dif-

posed of to Of-

ficers who were

maimed, Sec, in

the late Wars,

or to Officers

Widows and

Children, as hi*

Mjjefly shall

direct.

Preamble,

Txuflecs Names.

C. 43. . Anno decimo quinto Georgii III, A.D. x775,

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by ai»

Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the

Se-vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding one hundred twelve thousand five hundred twenty-eight Pounds two Shillings and Five-pence

Farthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand fevei*

hundred and seventy-four.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies*

provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued er applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other

than the Ules and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed t<v

be satisfied tfiereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose, contained

in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And as to the Sum of one hundred and five thousand three hundred twenty six pounds sixteett

Shillings and Eight pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of Half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby

enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, that the Rules herein-after prescribed shall be duly ob-

served in the Application of the said H^alf-pay; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part

of the fame who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment*

Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of

the fame, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company; that no

Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have

or receive any Part of the said Half-pay j that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any

Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland shall have or receive any Part of thq said Half-pay 1

that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the fame who has resigned his Commission, and has had

no Commission since; that no Part of the fame shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant

or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise intitled to the fame as reduced Of*

ficers; and that no Part of the fame shall be allowed to mny of the Officers of the five Regiments of

Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taker*

off the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain,

4 XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty'^

4 Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Alajejly a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; an£

4 for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy-four; and far further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to-

the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise \ and for enabling the Ba~

4 rons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred Pounds

4 to Lady Anne Mackenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds, granted

4 for paying the Creditors of theforfeited Estates in Scotland; the several Supplies which had been granted to

4 his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein

4 expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and (even thousand

4 five hundred twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and Two-pence, was appropriated to be paid to the

4 reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy-four, subject nevcitheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half-pay,

4 as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf :* Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and

declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of one hundred and seven thousand

five hundred twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and Two-pence as is or shall be more than fafficient

to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the*

Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who

are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of their long Service*

or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of

such Officers, according to such Warrantor Warrants, under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, as (balk

be signed in that Behalf j any Thing in this Act, or the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding-

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for Lighting and Watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Hamlet of Highgate, within the Parishes of Horrfey, Saint Pan craft, and Saint

Mary lflington, in the County of Middlesex, is large and populous, and it would be a great Con—

4 venienee and Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof if Provision was made for lighting the fame, and efta-

4 blishing a nightly Watch therein: And whereas the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses within the said

4 Hamlet are willing and desirous that a Rate should be raised upon themselves to defray the Charge there-

4 of; but the fame cannot be done, and the good Purposes aforesaid effected, without the Aid of Parlia-

4 ment :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’©

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Major General

Charles Fitz-Roy, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Thomas Cave, James Champ ain, William Baynes, Edward

Ellicot, Thomas Saunders, Alexander Anderson, Thomas Pratt, William Bell, Thomas Chethom* Thomas IJher*

wood, William Jellico, Evan Harris, Matthew Knapp, Edward Barnard, William Offiey, William Gallon,

Thomas Everett, Robert Langford, Robert Thomas, Charles Causton, John Lucy, Stephen Bcckingham, John

Cobb, Robert Mendham, Tobias Kleinert, John Harford, Thomas Palmer, Richard Bankes, Samuel Tot ton,

Thomas Pool, David Duvrluz, Ofbcrn Thornton, John Reynolds, William Herne, William Hurford, John Shears%

Edward Holmes, Jobm Paignon, William Wether ell, John Con ft able, Gabriel Cox, James Reynolds, George

Ptntony John Jonety Chrijhpher Perkinsy John ATinJlndy and the Minister and Chaplain belonging to the

6 - Chapel

