306

Ships above 400

Tons not intitled

to a large! Boun-

ty than a 400

Ton Ship;

and Owners not

obliged to equip,

Ac. rn«re than a

Ship of 400

Tons,

No Apprentice,

when inden-

tured, to exceed

18, nor be under

14 Years) and

no Bounty to be

paid unless Ships

employed belong

to Tome of his

Majesty’s Sub-

jects where fit-

ted out.

Bounties may be

infused.

Berfons giving

filfe Certificates,

Ac. to forfeit

5001.

Forfeitures how

to be applied*

Forfeitures in-

curred in New-

foundland to be

feed for in the

Vice Admiralty

Court in said

Island.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the proper Ad-

miralty Court in

Britain.

Duties on Goods

exported or im-

ported, to be un-

der the Direc-

tion of theCom-

missioneu of

Customs, Ac,

Deputations

granted by :he

Commissioners

for Nonh A me-

ric j be fore Jan. 1,

J776, to any

Officers for New-

foundland, to be

in Force.

PerfoTS sued for

j Thing done

11 Ju-incc of

C. 3T. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship to be employ^

in the said Fishery, although (he be above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger

Bounty than a Ship of four hundred Tons would be intitled to.

XXIX. Provided also, That nothing in this present A ft contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, in order to

intitle him or them to the said Bounty, to fit out, equip, and man any such Ship, otherwise than as 2,

Ship of the Burthen of four hundred Tons only is, by this present Act, required to be fitted out, equipped*

and manned.

XXX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Apprcn-

tice indentured after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nve, to

serve on Board any Ship or Vessel proceeding on the Fisheries, in pursuance of this or any other Act of

Parliament now in Force, granting any Bounty or Bounties thereon, shall not exceed the Age of eighteen

Years, nor be under fourteen, at the Time he shall be so indentured ; and that no Bounty shall be allowed

or paid for any Ship or Vessel so employed, either by virtue of this or any former Act of Parliament, unless

the whole and entire Property of such Ship or Vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty’s Subjects residing

in that Part of his Majesty’s Dominions from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and

cleared out, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXXI. And, to prevent any Application to Parliament for the Bounty on any Ship employed in either

4 of the Fisheries before mentioned, which may happen to be loft at Sea before their Return to Great Britain3*

be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mav be lawful for.the Owner or

Owners of any Ship, employed, or designed to be employed, in the said Fimeries, or either of them, to

insure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would have been intitled to upon the Return of such

Ship to Great Britain, on the Performance of all other Matters directed and appointed by this present Act

to be performed for obtaining the said Bounties.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

shall give or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Per-

son or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatsoever) and if any Person or Persons shall counter-

feit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or wil-

lingly make use of any false Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited* erased, altered, or falsified*

such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every

such Certificate shall be invalid, and of no Effect.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties

and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act (except in such Cafes where other Directions are given by this Act)

shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Of-

ficers of the Customs as. shall sue or prosecute for the fame in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at

Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court of Admiralty having

Jurisdiction in his Majesty’s Colonies or Islands respectively where the Offence shall be committed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and af:cr the first Day of

?dnuary one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix, the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by any Act of

arliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, which

shall be incurred in the said Island of Newfoundland^ shall be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the

Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the said Island, and in no other; and if any Person or

Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment, Sentence, or Determination of any

Court of Vice Admiralty, or other Court having JurifJiftion in Newfoundland\ upon any Suit or Profecu-

tion commenced there for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by any Act of Parliament relating to the

Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America* it shall and may be lawful for such

Party to appeal from such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, in the first Instance, to the proper

Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or to his Majesty in Council; and that no Appeal shall in such Cafe

lie or be brought in any other Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day

of "January one thousand (even hundred and seventy-six, the Customs and other Duties which now are or

hereafter may be due and payable upon any Goods or Merchandises brought or imported into, or exported

or carried from, the Island of Newfoundland, by virtue of this or any Act or Acts of Parliament, and the

Officers of his Majesty’s Customs appointed for executing and carrying into Execution the several Laws

relating to the Trade and Revenue there, shall be under the Management and Direction or the Commifr

sioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England for the Time being, under the Authority and Direction of the

High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, any Law,

Patent, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all De-

putations and other Authorities granted by the Commissioners of the Customs for North America, before

rbe said first- Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to any Officer or Officers acting-

in and for the said Island of Newfoundland, shall continue in Force, as fully to all Intents and Purposes

as if this Act had nQt been made, until the Deputations or other Authorities so granted to such Officer or

Officers respectively shall be revoked, annulled* or made void by the High Treasurer of Great Britain

or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being;

XXXVII. And be jt furiher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act of Parliament,

the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftioa or Su* may plead the General IiTue, and give this Act and

the

