11$

Owner* of* Vef.

fel* answerable

for Damaget

done by iheir

Crews.

Materials may

be laid on ad-

joining Lands,

making Satis-

faction.

Persons defray-

ing the Decks,

Arc to be pu-

nched.

The Fares of

Trucks andCart*

to be fixed.

Water to be pre-

ftrved to the

Town.

Rctevery and

Application of

Penalties and

Forfeitures.

Peniltira may

be min^a cd,

C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them), and upon Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Charges

and Expences so allowed, as aforesaid, for the Space of five Days next after Demand made; then* and in

every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the Lid Deck and Haven Matter, his Deputy or A Aidants* or any

of them* to levy such Charges and Expences by Distress and Sale of such Ship or other Verted, or any of

her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be),

after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping, and Sale of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners,

Matter, Factor, or Agents, of or for such Ship or other Vefl’el, upon the fame being demanded.

XCIX. AnJ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship

or Vefiel lying or trading in the said Port or Haven, shall be and is hereby made answerable to the said Com-

pany, for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boat*

men, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the fame, to the said Bason or Dock, Quays or Wharfs, or other

Woiks to be made within the said Port or Haven, with full Costs of Suit j and that such Damage and

Costs shall be sued for and recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it shall be lawful for the said Commit

sioners, and their Agents, Engineers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed in making the said Bason or

Dock, Quays, Wharfs, Reservoirs, Roads, or other Works, to lay any Stones, Timber, or Iron, or any

other Materials, Matters, or Things, to be used in or about any of the Works, upon any of the adjoining

Lands, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers thereof for all Damage done thereto, in such

Manner as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and

the respective Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Disagreement therein, then in such Manner as is by

this Act prescribed for purchasing Land for the Use of the Works authorised by this Act.

CI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any rerfon or Persons whatsoever

shall, after the parting of this Act, maliciourty, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, or

set on Fire any of the Works, made or provided by virtue of this Act, or belonging to the Port of Kingston

upon Hull, or any Ship or Vessel lying and being in the Haven, Bason, or Dock, or elsewhere within the

said Port, or any Part or Parts of them respectively, every such Person and Persons so offending in any of

the Cafes aforesaid shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and every such Felon and

Felons shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of

Clergy; and that the Court and Courts, by and before whom such Person and Persons shall be indicted

and tried, have hereby Power and Authority to award Judgment and Execution on such Felon and Felons,

and may transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are

directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, according to the Heinousness of the Crime

or Crimes which such Person or Persons shall be charged with and convicted of.

CII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any thirteen

or more of them, shall and have hereby full Power, from Time to Time, to set down and ascertain the

Rates and Prices which shall from Time to Time be paid and payable for the carrying and conveying of

any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, and of Wood, Stone, Iron, and all other Matters and Things, from

the said several Quays or Wharfs to any Part or Parts of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, or from any

Part or Parts of the said Town to any of the said Quays or Wharfs, in or upon any Truck or Cart, Sledge,

Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, according to the Distances which the fame shall be carried, as they

the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper; which said Rates and

Prices of Carriage, and none other, shall, from Time to Time, be paid or payable for any the Purpose*

aforesaid.

4 CHI. And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull are chiefly supplied with

‘ Water for iheir necessary Uses from a Place called the Water Hou]ey conveyed to the said Town by Pipes,

4 some of which are laid in the Towns Ditches \ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That in case the said Commissioners shall find it necessary, in carrying on any of the Works authorised by

this Act, to remove or take away any of the said Pipes, the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of

them, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own Expence, immediately to reinstate the said Pipes,

or to place others, in such Manner and Form that the Inhabitants of the said Town may receive no Preju-

dice thereby* but may be supplied with Water from the said Waterhouse, in as large Quantities, apd in as

effectual a Manner, as they were before the parting of this Act.

CIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act

inflicted, or directed to be infbdied (concerning the Recovery of which no particular Direction is hereby

given), shall, if the feme be not paid within fourteen Days after the fame shall be demanded, be recovered

and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under

the Hands and Seals of any two of the Justices of the Peace of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, which

Warrant they, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Information of

one or more credible Wicnefs or Witmfles, upon Oath, before them, or any two of them, made, which

Oath any two of them are hereby impowered to administer; and that all the Penalties and Forfeitures by

this Act inflicted, shall, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be), when demanded, to

the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress

and Sale being first deducted), be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Company shall

direct and appoint, for their Use; and in case no such Distress as aforesaid can be had, then it shall be law-

ful for the said Justices for the Time being, or any two or more of them, by like Warrant or Warrants,

to commit the Party offending to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the said Town, for the

Space of rwenty Days, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty and Charges shall be sooner

paid and fathfied.

CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for

the Justicej of the Peace, or any of them, by whom any Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, shall b*

given,

