604.

Cost* of Remo-

vals, &c. to be

paid by the

Treaforer,

Appeals against

Convictions.how

to be brought,

&c.

Bayards born in

the House ro be-

foog to vheir

Mother'* Parish,

Bonds relating

to Baflardato be

delivered to the

Guardians, &c.

Cnardians may

give Certificate*.

Certificate* in

Custody of Pa-

ri(h Officer*,

&c. to be de-

livered to the

Clsik of the

Corporation.

Punishment of

poor Persons

guilty of lewd

or d fordcrly

Behaviour.

Justice. on

Complaint of

the Governor,

may commit dif-

crdc.Jy Persons

to the House of

Coric&ion*

C. $3.' Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. ' A. D. 1776.

surer or Treasurers of the said Guardians, and added by him to the common Stock for the Use of the

Poor.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the Removals of

any poor Persons, or the Appeals against any Removals, and all other necessary Expences which shall

arise in Cafes of Bastardy, or otherwise, and which would, if not otherwise provided for, be paid and

defrayed by the particular Parishes or Places within the said Island, shall hereafter be paid and defrayed by

the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being, out of the Monies in his Hands belonging to the

said Corporation : Provided always, That the Treasurer shall not pay the fame until the Bill or Account

thereof shall have been previously allowed at a Weekly or other Meeting, and an Order made at such

Meeting for Payment thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That all Appeals against any Convictions given and allowed by virtue

of this Act, the Penalties and Forfeitures whereof are given to the Guardians of the Poor of the said

Island, shall be brought against the Guardians of the Poor of the said Island, and not against the Informer

or Justice concerned in the said Conviction ; and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, incurred by the said

Guardians, by Reasonof such Appeal, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Treasurer of the Corporation,

out of the Monies in his Hands belonging to the said Corporation.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Bastard Child that hath been,

or shall hereafter be born of the Body of any poor Woman in the said House of Industry, shall gain and

be intitled to a Settlement in the Parish where the Settlement of the Mother shall then be; and that the

Settlement of each such Bastard Child shall follow that of the Mother, as fully as if such Bastard Child

had been born in such Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of the Mother shall belong,

and shall be deemed as one of the Poor thereof, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever: And that it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish,

Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of every such Woman shall belong, and also to and for the

Governor of the said House for the Time being (who for this Purpose shall be considered as, and have a

like and equal Authority with, an Overseer of the Poor within every Parish and Place within the said

Island), or any or either of them, to proceed in the same Manner, and have and take such and the fame

Remedy against the Mother and reputed Father of any such Bastard Child, for indemnifying the said

Guardians of the Poor by reason of such Bastard Child, and likewise in all Respects as she Law directs

in the Cafe of Bastardy, and as fully as if such Bastard Child had been actually born in the Parish, Town*

ship, or Place, in which the Mother’s Settlement shall then be.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds already given to parochial Officers within the said

Island, by private Persons, to indemnify the Parishes from any Charge that may arise from particular

Bastard Children, shall be delivered by such respective Officers to the said Guardians of the Poor; and it

shall and may be lawful for the said Guardians to sue on any such Bonds so given to such parochial Of-

ficers, in their Corporate Name, and they shall recover the Penalties thereof, as if such Bonds had been

originally made to them ; and all Bonds hereafter given for the fame, or any the like Purposes, as afore-

said, shall be made to the said Guardians of the Poor; and all Bonds already or hereafter to be made to the

Guardians of the Poor, for the fame or any the like Purposes, shall be deemed as good and effectual in

Law as if the fame had been made to the Officers of the respective Parishes; any Law, Statute, or

Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, at their General Quarterly -Meetings assembled as

aforesaid, to grant Certificates under the Common Seal of the Corporation, to any Person whose legal

Settlement shall be in any Parish or Place within the said Ijh of Wight, and who shall be willing to re-

move, or shall have removed, out of the said Island; which respective Certificates, under the Common

Seal of the said Guardians, and attested by their Clerk for the Time being, and signed by two Justices of

the Peace acting for the Division of the said Island, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, and

no other Certificate whatsoever to be granted within the said Island shall be valid or of any Effect; any

Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And that all Certificates* which have been

delivered to, and remain in the Custody of, the respective parochial Officers, by Persons residing within

the said Island, shall be delivered forthwith, and all Certificates which shall hereafter be delivered to the

respective parochial Officers by Persons coming to reside, or residing, within the said Island, shall he,

from Time to Time, delivered, within the Space of fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof by such Of-

ficer, to the Clerk of the said Corporation for the Time being, who shall cause the fame to be filed, so

that Reference may be had thereto at any future Time, and shall suffer the fame to be inspected by any

Person who shall, for good and sufficient Cause, desire to inspedt the fame at reasonable Hours.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person maintained and relieved in the said House,

■shall be guilty of prophane cursing or swearing, or of any lewd, immoral, indecent, or difordcrly Beha-

viour, or shall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or Services which he or (lie shall be required to do, or

shall be remiss therein (such Work or Service being suited to his or her Age, Strength, and Ability),

every such Offender shall and may be punished by moderate Correction, or Distinction of Dress, such

Punishment to be inflicted by Order of the major Part of the said Directors and acting Guardians present

at any Weekly Meeting to be held in pursuance of this A£h

LX VI. Provided nevertheless, That if the Governor or Governors shall make Complaint to any Justice

of the Peace for the County of Southampton, arSiing in and for the Division of the Jjle of Wight, against

any idle or disorderly Person or Persons maintained and relieved in the said House, and such Person shall,

on Examination of the Complaint, be adjudged by the said Justice to be guilty of any such Offence, that

then itlhall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit the Offender to the House of Correction lor the

said

c.ooooLe

