The TITLES of the STATUTES.

61. An Act fo$ vesting in James Watt9 Engineer, his Ex-

ecutors, Administrators, and Afligps, the foie Use and

Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called

Fire Engines, of his Invention, described in the said

Act, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited

Time. 7

62. An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at the

Town of Mtvagifpy, in the County of Cornwall

63. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the

Shire of Argyll.

64. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the Hundred of Elioe, in the County

of Lincoln.

65. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of

Ram fey. Bury, IViftow{ Warboys, Somerjham, Colne, and

Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and

in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the

Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

66. An Act for draining and preservine certain Lands and

Grounds in the Parishes of Wijbcch Saint Peter's and

Wisbech Saint Mary’s, and in the Hamlets of IViJbech

Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and

County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading

from Yarmouth Bridge through the Hamlet of South

Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the

County of Suffolk.

6#. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

in an Act, made in the third Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket,

over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading

to Stump Crofti in the Counties of Cambridge and Suf-

folk \ for repairing the Road branching out of and lead-

ing fiem the aforesaid Road, near The DevHs Ditch, on

Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road

which leads to Cambridge\ and for repairing the High-

way, through the Town of Newmarket to the present

Turnpike Road, from thence to The ford.

69. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing

etnd widening the Koad leading from Porthaethwy Ferry

to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of federal

Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield% in the

County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Ox-

ford.

71. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, for repairing and widening the fe-

veral Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from

Tweed's Cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blythe

Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and

Carlops, and from Ingleston, through Carlops, until all

the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edin-

burgh.

72. An Act for continuing and making more effectual fe-

veral Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from

Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in

the said County, and from Luton to Saint Albans in the

County of Heft ford.

73. An Act to enlarge the Term of several Act>, passed in

the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the

tenth, thirteenth, and thirty-ft Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of

Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick;

*nd for more effectually amending the said Highways.

5

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 15 Georgii III.

I. AN Act for naturalizing Jacob Henry Suwe.

jt\ 2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Flintham, in the County of Nottingham.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Common Pastures within the District of

Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of

Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Caw

Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common,

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands,

within the Hamlet of Burcot and Parish of Dorchester,

in the County of Oxford.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Ma-

nor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford.

6. An Act to enable James Greenalgh9 heretofore called

James Styth, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname

of Greenalgb, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgb

deceased.

7. An Act for naturalizing George Ernjl de Hahn.

8. An Act for vesting the Estate of Chriflopher Whichcote

Esquire, and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of

Wilts, entailed by the Will of Francis Tregagle Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the

Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incum-

brance therein mentioned, and for laying out the Re-

mainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredia*

ments, to be.settled to the same Uses.

9. An Act to enable certain Trustees, named in the Settle-

ment of Sir Stafford Northcote Baronet, deceased, to raise

a competent Sum of Money, by Way of Mortgage of

Part of the Hereditaments comprised in such Settlement,

to be applied in completing the Purchase of an undivided

Moiety, or Half-pjrt of the Manor of Iddejley, in the

County of Devon, to be settled to the fame Oses, and

for the like Purposes, as the other undivided Moiety of

the fame Manor stands limited and charged by the Settle-

ment and Will of the said Sir Stafford Northcote.

10. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Fftates of Philip

Wynell Mayow Esquire, in Ajl)brenton alias Ashprington,

in Devon, in Trustees, to be sold; and settling other

Estates of greater Value in lieu thereof.

it. An Act for vesting certain Estates and Chattels, de-

vised by the Will of Richard Rains ford Esquire, de-

ceased; and Part of certain Estates comprised in a Settle-

ment made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford the

younger Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same; and

for applying the Money to arise by such Sate in such

Manner as in the said Act mentioned. -?

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

and a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Ma-

nors of Gooclmanham, in the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, cer-

tain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Town*

ship of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the

County of York; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Open and

Uncultivated Common, or Traft of Ground, Parcel of

the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of

Doulting and Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stake Lane9

in the County of Somerset.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon

