A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto GfeoftGii TIL C. 17, iff, 19*

CAP. XVII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Executionan Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled*

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four9 together with those nam6d rn t\tO former Acts fdt

appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathine of the Militia in that Part of Great Britaincalled

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and>

seventy-four.

CAP. XIX.

Art Act co discontinue, in such Manner, and for such Time as are therein mentioned* the

landing and dischargirtg, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, ac

the Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Majfachufct'i Bay> in

Norib America.

WHEREAS dangerous Commotions and Insurrections have been fomented and raised in the p*amtle»

Town of Boston, in the Province of Majfachufet9 $ Bay, in New England, by divers ill-affected Per-

fons, to the Subveifion of his Majesty's Government, and to the utter Destruction of the publiclc Peace,

and good Order of the said Town 5 in which Commotions and Insurrections certain valuable Cargoes of

4 Teas, being the Property of the East India Company, and on board certain Vessels lying within the Bay or

4 Harbour of Boston, were ftized and destroyed: And whereas, in t?he present Condition of the said Town

and Harbour, the Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects cannot be safely carried on there, nor the Customs

4 payable to his Majesty duly collected; and it is therefore expedient that the Officers of his Majesty’s-

4 Customs should be forthwith removed from the said Town:’ May it please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rityof the fame, That from and after the first Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, Regulations.

R shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to lad© or put, or cause or procure to be laden or after June r;

put, off or from any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, within the said Town of Boston, or in or upon any *7741 to fee ob*

Part of the Shore of the Bay, commonly called The Harbour of Boston, between a certain Headland or Point ferT*° the Sh

called Nahant Point, on the Eastern Side of the Entrance into the said Bay, and a certain other Headland w#c

or Point called Alderton Point, on the Western Side of the Entrance into the said Bay, or in or upon any.

Island, Creek, Landing-place, Bank, or other Place, within the said Bay or Headlands, into any Ship,

Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever, to be transported or

carried into any other Country, Province, or Place whatsoever, or into any other Part of the said Province

of the Massachufct9s Bay, in Ncvj England; or to take up, discharge, or lay on Land, or cause or procure

to be taken up, discharged, or laid on Land, within the said Town, or in or upon any of the Places afore-

said, out of any Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever,.

to be brought from any other Countty, Province, or Place, or any other Part of the said Province of the

Majfachujet9 s Bay in New England, upon Pain of the Forfeiture of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dhe, and of the said Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom into which the fame shall be put, or out

of which the fame shall be taken, and of the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Stores, in or

belonging to the fame: And if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, shall, within the said Town,.

r in any the Places aforesaid, be laden or taken in from the Shore into any Barge, Hoy, Lighter, Wherry,-

or Boat, to be carried on board any Ship or Vessel outward-bound to any other Country or Province, or

other Part of the said Province of the Majfachufet9s Bay in New England, or be laden or taken into such»

Barge, Hov, Lighter, Wherry, or Boat, from or out of any Ship or Vessel coming in and arriving from*

any other Country or Province, or other Part of the said Province of the Majfachufet9s Bay in New England,.

such Barge, Hoy, Lighter, Wherry, or Boat, shall be forfeited and lost.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Keeper of any Pemity, ifihe

Wharf, Crane, or Quay, or their Servants, or any of them, shall take up or land, or knowingly suffer to Whaifingm, t

betaken up or landed, or shall ship off, or suffer to be waterborne, at or from any of their said Wharfs,

Cranes, or Quays, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise; in every such Cafe, all and every such be waterborne.

Wharfinger, and Keeper of such Wharf, Crane, or Quay, and every Person whatever who shall be assist- contrary to the

ing, or otherwise concerned in the shipping or in the loading or putting on board any Boat, or other Vessel, fakJReguferion*.

for that Purpose, or in the unshipping such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise,. or to whole Hands the fame

shall knowingly come after the loading, shipping, or unshipping thereof, shall fojfeit and lose treble the

Value thereof, to be computed at the highest Price which such Sort of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise,

stall bear at the Place where such Offence shall be committed, at the Time when the fame shall be so

ommitted, together with the Vessels and Boats, and all the Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, whatsoever

made use of in the shipping, unshipping, landing, removing Carriage, or Conveyance of any of the afore-

said Goods, Wares, and Merchandise,

> * HI. And

47

