A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 5.

43S

Execution of any

Sentence not to-

be susper.dfd by

reason ot A p-

peil, &c«

Persons appeal-*

ing, See, must

enter their

Claim.

Penalty on Offi-

cers, Seamen,

&c. who flu'!

embezzle Mo-

ney, Jewels, dee*

belonging to any

Prize.

do, within six Months after Sentence passed, give Notice to the said Court of Vice-admiralty that they

have appealed from such Decree to the said Commissioners.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Execution

of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the

Party or Parties appellate {hall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such Sen-

tence shall be given, to reftoie. the Ship, Vessel, Goods, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence

shall be pronounced, qr the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence so

appealed from {hall be reversed.

AV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Person, who was not a

Party in the first Instance of the Cause, {hall interpose in an Appeal from a Sentence given in any Vice-

adcniralty-Court, such Person, or his or her Agent, {hall at the fame Time enter his or her Claim, other-

wife such Appeal {hall be null and void.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Commander or Commanders,

Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, {hall break Bulk on Board, or embezzle any

of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, of or belonging to

such Prize or Prizes so taken, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier, or others, {hall for-

feit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or

Apparel, as he or they {hall embezzle; one-third Part thereof to be to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and

the other two-third Patts thereof to him or them who {hall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in which no Efl'oin, ProteSion, or

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Appraisements and Sales of any Appraisements

Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, as {hall be taken as Prizes, {hall be made by Agents, *nd Sa,C8

or Persons nominated and appointed in equal Numbers by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or A^entr

Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Ships Company, and others entitled thereunto; (that Jointed by

is to say,) That if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships as {hall take any Flag Officers,

such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority of such Flag Officers (if more than one), {hall nominate and appoint &c.

one or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, to fell or appraise the fame as aforesaid, then the Cap-

tains and Commanders, or Captain or Commander, entitled thereunto, or the Majority of them (if more

than one), {hail nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agent9 to act for them ; and all the

other Officers under the Degree of a Captain and Commander entitled thereto, or the major Part of them,

{ball also nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to act for them; and all the Crews

of the several Ships Companies of the Fleet or Squadron, or Ship’s Company, and others entitled thereto,

or the major Part of them, {hall likewise nominate and appoint the fame Number of Persons or Agents to-

ad in their Behalf in such Appraiscment or Sale.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person or Persons

who {hall be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes to be taken

by any Ship or Ships, Veiled or Vessels of War, and which Prize or Prizes {hall be condemned in the

High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the Courts of Vice-admiralty in any of his Ma-

jesty’s Dominions where the said Prize or Prizes, and every of them, {hall he condemned, {hall exhibit

and cause to be regifteied in the said High Court of Admiralty, or in the respective Courts of Vice-admi-

ralty in any of his Majesty’s Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, {hall be con-

demned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents

for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall

refute or neglect so to do, for the Space of six Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation

of any Prize {hall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any Vice-admiralty

Court in his Majesty’s Dominions for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed

Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred or forfeit 500U

Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by Ablion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any other of his Majesty’s Dominions, in

which no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, {hJl be allowed.

XIX. Provided always. That if any Agent or Agents {hall be appointed after the Time any Sentence Proviso.

of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty shall be given, such Agent or

Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or

their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid,

within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or

Prizes which {ball be taken in pursuance or by virtue of this Aci, public Notification or Notifications shall

be given and published in such Manner as is herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to say). If the

Prize or Prizes shall be condemn' d in his Majesty’s High or other Couit of Admiralty in Great Britain,

then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the Appraise-

ment and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, thall inferc and pubhfh, or cause to be inferred and published, such

Notification under his or their Hand or Hands lefpebtivdy in the London Gazette, and if condemned in

any Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty in any other of his Majesty’s Dominions, then such

Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall insert and publifti, or cause to be inferred and

published, such Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands relpebiively, in the Gazette, or some

other Newspaper of Public Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall be con-

demned; and if there shall be no Gazette or such other News-pap-r published there, then in some or one*

of the mod public News papers of such Island or Place for the Time being; and all Persons or Agents-

pubJifliing, or causing to be published, every such. Notification respectively^.shall deliver to the Colleblor,.

Custome^

Agents diall re--

giflei their Let*

ters of Attorney

within fix

Months after

Sentence of Coo*

Jemnation.

Manner of gv. *-

ing public Noi w

ficationt after

Sale of Prixeor

Goog e

