423

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 66.

Barton, William Got, Edward Cross, William Daws, John Drake, Thomas Ground, Mason Hardy, John

Hetherington, Joseph Hancock, John Hancock, Thomas Harrison, James Long, William Mason * John Mor-

phew junior, John Mayer, William Moore, Henry Newcome, Thomas Richardson, William Rayner,John

Stona, William Skrimshire, James Scrimjhaw, William Stringer, Joseph Torry, Robert Wenfley, and Josephr

Wilkinson, Gentlemen, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after men-

tioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall meet once at

least in every Year; to wit, on the fecona Tuesday in May, in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, or at such

other Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall fee Cause, or think convenient 5 and shall and may,

from Time to Time, at any of their said Meetings, adjourn themselves to such other Time or Times,

Place or Places, as they shall think proper; and that three of the said Commissioners, and no less a Num-

ber, shall be deemed at all Times to be and constitute a Meeting within the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act, for doing the Business and carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution ; and that the first Meet-

ing to be holden in pursuance of this Act shall be holden at the Rose and Crown Inn in Wisbech Saint Pe-

ter's aforesaid, on the Tuesday Three Weeks next after the Day of the patting thereof; and that ten Days

Notice of every other Meeting, except adjourned Meetings, shall be given under the Hands of two or

more Commissioners, or their Clerk, and affixed in some publick Place in Wisbech Saint Peter s aforesaid,

and on the Church Doors of Wisbech Saint Peter s and Wisbech Saint Mary's aforesaid.

III. Provided always. That no greater or larger Sum of Money than three Shillings for each Commis-

fioner who shall be present at any of the said General Meetings, or than two Shillings for each Commis-

ftoner who shall be present at any of the said other Meetings, shall ever be paid and allowed out of the

Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Charges or Expences of the said Commissioners at such

Meetings; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this

Act shall be made at the Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, by a Majority of the Commissioners

present at such Meetings; and that no such Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be

revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless five of the said Commissioners at least shall be pre-

sent, and concur in the revoking or altering thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any of the Com-

missioners appointed, or to be appointed, by or under this Act, shall happen to die, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the surviving or other Commissioners, at their said General Meeting, to cleft and appoint

one or more Person or Perions in the Place of such Commissioneror Commissioners as shall be then dead,

out of the Owners and Proprietors of twenty Acres of the said Lands and Grounds so bounded and de-

scribed as aforesaid ; provided that no Person so elected shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner for any

longer or other Time than he shall continue such Owner as aforesaid ; and that upon his ceasing to be

Owner as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, at their next General Meeting, or any other General Meet-

ing, shall and may elect and appoint another Person, qualified as aforesaid, in the Place of every such

disqualified Commissioner, in like Manner as if such Commissioner was dead ; and that all such Commis-

sioners, so to be elected and appointed, shall be and are hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities

as the Commissioners in whole Places they were respectively elected and appointed were vested with by vir-

tue of this Act.

, V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of

Ely for the Time being, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and the Dean and Chapter of Ely, Master and

Scholars of Saint Peter's College, commonly called Peter Hottfe, in the University of Cambridge, the Cor-

poration for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children ot Clergymen, and the capital BurgftTes of the

Fown of Wisbech for the Time being, by Writings under their respective common Seals (such several

Writings to be certified at the next Meeting after the iigning or sealing thereof), shall and may respec-

tively, fiom Time to Time, nominate and appoint one Commissioner for putting this Act into Execu-

tion 5 and that such Commissioners, so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and are here-

by vested with the fame Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners hereby named and appointed are

vested with by virtue of this Act; and that each and every of the Commissioners hereby named and ap-J*

pointed, or to be named and appointed in pursuance of this Act, who Dull be lei fed and poftefl'ed of one

hundred Acres of the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue hereof, shall and may, from

Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, to be certified also at the next Meeting after the signing There-

of, nominate and appoint one other Person to vote and aft a? a Commissioner in his Absence, and not

otherwise, at all or a’-y of the Meetings to be holden under the said Act ; and such Person so to be no-

minated and appointed, shall, in the Absence of the Commissioner so appointing him, be, and is hereby

vested with the fame Powers and Authorities as such Commissioner is or shall he vested with by virtue of

this Act: Provided that no Person whatsoever shall vote or act as Agent for any more than one of the said

Commissioners at the fame Time.

VI Provided, and it is hereby further enacted. That if any Person or Persons, not being qualified as

aforesaid (the Commissioners hereby nominated, and such other Commissioners as shall be respectively

named and appointed by the said Lord Bishop of Ely, Dean and Chapter of Ely, Master and Scholars of

Saint Peter 5 College, commonly called Peter House, in the University of Cambridge, the Corporation for

the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and capital Burgesses of the said T own of

IPlfbech, or by any of the Commissioners, Proprietors as aforesaid, to act in their Absence, only excepted),

shall presume to act as Commissioner in the hxecution of this Act, such Person so offending shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of firry Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, determined by any Person or

Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at ll'ejtminster, by

Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, Privilege,

or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in which Action or Suit it shall oe

3 only

Time md Place

of the Meet ng#

ot Co i.mUlnn-

What Number

shall commute a

Meeting

Time of fix CL

Meeting.

Expences allow-

ed to Commis-

sioners at Meet-

ings.

All Orders, Arc.

to be made at

Meetings only,

and not to be al-

tered, unless fivo

CommiTi ,ncra

concur.

In case of Death,

Ac, of Commis-

sioners, new onea

to.be cholca.

Bishop of Elf,

Ac. may nomi-

nate Com in U-

fioneis.

Certain ’Com-

rnifToners may

appoint Proxies*

Penalty on Per-

so is acting as

Com -irltioner#

not being quali-

fied.

