284 C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Sum* doe to be

charged on Mo-

ney raised by

this A&.

Monies to be

paid or tendered

before Use be

made of the

Premises.

to I. Penalty on

Sheriff, Sec. for

making Default.

Guardians may

raise Money by

Annuities,

Bonds, Sec,

7000I. may be

advanced by any

Person for the

Purchase of one

or more Annui-

ties.

Annuities, Sec.

to be charged

upon the Rates.

A no«»ties deem-

ed indefeaiible

States,

and not so be

subject to the

Land Tax.

Annuities may

be aligned.

Annuities, Ac.

to be entered in

Bocka.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid pursuant to any such Agree-

ment, or on any such Mortgage, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon all Monies which

shall be raised or received for the Purposes of this Act, and {hall be tendered to the Party or Parties in-

titled to the fame, or Notice thereof shall be left at his last or usual Place of Abode; and in case of Re-

fufal or Neglect to accept the fame, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England> in the Name or

Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of

them, for that Purpose, in Trust for such Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before

the said Guardians or Governors shall proceed to pull down any Erections or Buildings, or to use the

Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them*

shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten

Pounds, on the said Sheriff* or Bailiff, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, or Agents respectively*

making Default in the Premises, or refusing to deliver Possession as aforesaid; and, from Time to Time*

to levy such Fine or Fines, by order of the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them,

by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every

such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines mall be ap-

plied for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them*

shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Money by Annuities, or upon Bond, or other Security*

for the Payment of the Debt herein-before mentioned to have been contrafted for the Maintenance of the.

Poor of the said Parish, and for enlarging the present or building a new Workhouse for the Residence and

Employment of the Poor, and for the Purchase of Houses and Lands for that Purpose, and for other the

Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned and contained: And it shall and may be lawful to and for any

Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Guardians or Governors, or

any nine or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money

not exceeding in the Whole the SunLof seven thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more

Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Con-

tributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nomi-

nated by, or on Behalf of, such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his,

her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as no Person pay for or upon one Life more than the Sunt

of three hundred Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under

and by virtue of this Act, and also any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised upon Bond, or other Security,

as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out

of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments in this Act mentioned; and all and every the Contri-

butor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-moneys

in Manner aforesaid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Ex-

ecutors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act*

to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the Rates or

Assessments by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof, during the Term of the natural Life of the

Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor, as before mentioned; and that all and

every such Purchaser and Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, sure*

absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them, re-

spectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the

said Annuities shall be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged, upon Land by Authority

of Parliament: And that every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or An-

nuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration of Purchase-money*

shall have a Receiptor Receipts for the fame, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made

without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of

the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by Quarterly Payments, which Order shall be flgned

by the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, and after signing thereof, the fame

shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of

this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers

of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Af-

signs, at any Time or Times, by Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to af-

sign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest thereon, to any Person or Persons what-

soever, and so toiies queries; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments shall be

made in a Book or Books, to be kept as herein-after mentioned, at the Charge of the said Guardians or

Governors, for which Entry or Memorandum two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more;

and no such Assignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made*

as aforesaid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Guar-

dians or Governors, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint*

wherein shall be fairly entered, from Time to Time, an Account of what Monies shall have been bor*

rowed, assessed, raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act, and how the fame shall have been applied*

and the Name or Names of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they piid

for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and what he, she, or they, is or are to receive for the fame ;

which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or any of them, and all Persons lending Money on the Credit

of

9

boogie

