A. D; 1776, Anno decimo sexto Georgii III, C. 6r. 625

. Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted or candufted out of the said

Port, thill then draw:

And To in Proportion for half a Foot of Water in all the Cafes aforesaid; but no Allowance to be made

for oJd inches above or under Half a Foot.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be-it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter, Veffcfs in the

or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel in the Coatting-trade, or trading to or from to*sting-trade

Ireland, whose Ship or Vessel shall be conducted or piloted into or out of the said Port of Chester in Man- to pay 01 Jy Half

ner aforesaid, shall pay or cause to be paid one Half only, and no more, of the said respective Rates for the Rate>-

such Pilotage, according to the Season of the Year, as before described.

XL Provided also, That no Matter or Commander of any Coasting Ship or Vessel, or of such Ships Coasting-Vesseli

or Vessel s as trade to or from Ireland, which shall be conducted or piloted into or out of the said Port of ^an 8 F^ct

Chester^ shall pay any Iefs Sum for such Pilotage than for eight Feet Draught of Water, according to the Dra*gh"of

Rates hereby directed to be paid for such Ships or Vessels; but if such Ship or Vessel shall draw more than Water,

eight Feet Draught of Water, the Overplus shall be paid for according to the Rates aforesaid.

4 XLI. And whereas Ships or Vessels belonging to Aliens, or the Subjects of Foreign Powers, fre-

quenting the Port of Chester, usually draw Iefs Water in proportion to their Burthen than Ships or Sn,p,‘

Vessels belonging to the Subjects of Great Britainj be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That the following and no greater Rates shall be demanded or taken for the piloting or conducting of any

such alien Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Chester; that is to say,

For piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Chester, from the Length of the

Great Ormshead on the Coast of JValesy bearing South and by Weft, to the City of Chester, during the

Winter Season (such Winter Season to be computed as aforesaid) the Sum of twelve Shillings a Foot for

every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw :—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship

or Vessel out of the said Port from the City of Chester to the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid, dur-

ing the said Winter Season, the Sum of ten Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel

(hallthen draw:—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Ghester%

from the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid to the City of Chester, during the Summer Season (such

Summer Season to be computed as aforesaid) the Sum of ten Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water

such Ship or Vessel shall then draw :—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out of the

said Port from the City of Chester to the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid, during the Summer

Season, the Sum of seven Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw:

And so in proportion for Half a Foot of Water in any of the Cafes aforesaid; but no Allowance to be

made for odd Inches above or under Half a Foot.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master or Commander Pilot offering tm

of any Ship or Vessel inward-bound shall refuse to take on Board and employ a Pilot, so to be licensed as inward bound

aforeUid, who shall offer his Service, such Master or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid to the Vdfc11* and re-

Pilot who first boards him, or offers his Service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full Pilotage in- fused>tobeP*ldl

wards, according to the different Rates authorised by this Act, as if the said Pilot had been received and

employed in conducting or piloting such Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Chester; and that notwith-

Handing such Refusal of the Master or Commander to take on Board or employ any such Pilot so licensed w«* with his

as aforesaid, in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the Pilot so offering his Service shall, and is hereby required to Boat,

attend and lead the Way with his Boat, for such Ship or Vessel to follow, until such Ship or Vessel shall

be brought to an Anchor at Dalpoole or Parhgate within the Port of Chester, before such Pilot shall be in-

titled to any Pilotage under this Act.

XLIII. Provided always. That if no Pilot or Pilots shall be ready to offer his or their Service, before Prorifo.

any Ship or Vessel shall have passed by or got to the Eastward of Chester-bary the Master or Commander

of such Ship or Vessel may refuse to employ or pay any Pilot or Pilots who may afterwards offer to take

the Charge of such Ship or Vessel.

XLIV. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to prevent or hinder the Master or other Person Masters In the

having the Command of any Ship or Vessel in the Coaiiing-trade, or trading to or from Ireland, from Coasting-trade

conducting or piloting his own Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Chester, without being subject !”10*lhcir

tQthc Payment of the said Rates for Pilotage; nor to hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship and^nv Person

or Vessel in Distress, or to subject such Person or Persons to any of the Penalties in this Act; any Thing flirt Ship in

herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Distress,

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Commander of every Every Master to

Ship or Vessel so to be piloted or conducted into or out of the said Port of Chester as aforesaid, shall, and give the Pilot-n

is hereby required to declare and give a true Account, to the Pilot employed in conducting or piloting Account of the

such Ship or Vessel, of the Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and in c^fe the Pilot h*shiD-

so employed shall suspect the Truth of the Declaration of such Master or Commander, such Pilot shall and 1 ?9

is hereby authorised to admeasure, or cause such Ship or Vessel to be admeasured, in order to find the true

Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Master, or OnNon-pay-

any other Person having or taking upon himself, or appearing to have or take, the Command or Charge roenl

of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, charged or chargeable with the respective Rates for Pilotage

hereby authorised to be paid or allowed by this Act, shall refuse to pay the fame; then, and in such Cafe, may 1 r*in’

it shall be lawful so and for the said Trustees appointed by this Act, or any nine or more of them, or for

their Receiver or other Person or Persons by them appointed for the Time being, to recover such Rates by

4 L z Distress

