A. D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 13. 41

€ establiQied in me by virtue of an Act, made in the- fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

* George the Third, for enabling Sir^/ja Ramsden Baronet, to make and maintain a navigable Canal

c from the River Calder (between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne) to

€ The King's Milly near the Town of Huddersfield, in the Welt Riding of the County of York.

4 So help me GOD'

XLIX. Provided nevertheless. That such Commissioners who are Justices of the Peace for the said Commlflioner*

'Weft Riding shall and may, and they are hereby respectively impowered to act as Justices of the Peace in ™*y*&* Juf-

the Execution of this Act within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being tiCC*’

Commissioners; but no Person who shall hold any Place of* Profit arising out of the Rates or Dues Persons interest-

aforesaid, or be concerned in Interest in any Contraft or Bargain made, or to be made, for the Purposes ed,-arc. not to

of this Act, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act. Profit*llCCS

L. And be it further enacted, That upon any Application to be made by the said Sir John Ram/den, upon AppHca-

his Heirs or Assigns^ or any of the Owners or Occupiers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Here- tionofSir John

ditaments, to be afiefted by the said Navigation, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto Kimfden,or

the Commissioners appointed by and for the Purposes of this Act, or any three or more of them, desiring any of the Land

them to appoint a Meeting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to c0*inro7flioneri

whom such Application shall be made, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, within seven ro°oiiuMeet*

Days after such Application made, to give Notice, in Manner hereby directed, of a Meeting to be held at ing.

•fuch Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being less than fourteen Days,

nor more than twenty-one Days, from the Day on which such Application shall be made as aforesaid ; ^nd

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereoy authorised and required to meet at the

Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this Act in Execution ; and shall then adjourn therji-

selves, and afterwards meet at such Place as the said Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, or any

three or more of them, shall think, proper and convenient: And if it shall happen that there shall not ap-

pear at any Meeting, which shall be appointed to be had or held as aforesaid, a sufficient Number of Com-

xnissioners to act and to adjourn ; then, and from Time to Time, as often as the Cafe shall happen, such

Meeting shall be deemed adjourned until that Day three Weeks, and to the Place where the other Meet-

ing was to have been held; and all Meetings or the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be

publick; and the Majority of the said Commissioners present at all such Meetings are hereby authorised

to execute the several Powers veiled in them by this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for any

three or more of the said Commissioners (although they shall not he then assembled at a Meeting to be

held as aforesaid), from Time to Time, upon such Request made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing,

signed by them, and publtshed in Manner hereby directed, to summon a Meeting of the said Commission-

ers, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, for the settling and ascertaining such

Damages as are here directed to be settled and ascertained, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-

adjournment of any Meeting of the said Commissioners.

LI. Provided always, That no Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be good or effectual for any Notice of Meet-

of the Purposes of this Act, unless previous Notice of the Tjme and Place thereof, and the Business pro- epu "

.posed to be done, under the Hand of the Clerk for the Time being, attending the said Commissioners,

shall be first published in the York and Leeds Newspapers, and in such other Manner as the said Sir John

RamfdenrW\s Heirs or Assigns, shall appoint; unless the Business to be transacted at any Meeting, of which

such Notice has been given as aforesaid, shall not be concluded on the Day mentioned in such Notice ; in

which Cafe the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, from Time to Time, adjourn to the

Succeeding Day (unless such Day be Sunday, and then to the Monday following), and, in like Manner,

-from Day to Day; and may meet again at the fame, or any other convenient Place, and proceed in such

Business, until the fame is finished, without any Notice to be given of the Meetings held by such latt-

mentioned Adjournment.

-LII. Provided also. That all Meetings of Commissioners for hearing or determining Complaints, Con- Meeting? to be

tToverfies, or Disputes, between the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, and any other Person or held within the

Persons, shall be held in some convenient Place in the said Town of Huddersfield; and that no Order or Hud*

Determination shall be made, unless the Majority of Commissioners present, at such Meeting respectively, ders "

shall concur therein; such Majority not being less than ibe respective Numbers authorised to make such

Orders or Determinations; and that no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, duly made,

shall be revoked or altered, unless twelve Commissioners shall be present and concur therein.

LIII. And be it further enacted; That no Summons, Order, Determination, Judgment, Warrant, Writings to be

Consent, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing whatsoever, tinder the Hands, or under the Hand and without Sum*,

tSeal of any Justice of the Peace, or of the said Commissioners, or any of them, or of any other Person

or Persons appointed or employed by'them, or 2ny other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of the

Powers given in and by this Act, (bafl.be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever ; and that

no Proceedings to be had or .taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qualhcd or vacated for want of

Form only.

LIV. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act (the Manner Pcmitics

of levying and recovering of which is not herein-before particularly directed), shall be levied by Warrant Forfeitures haw

under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the *dappC^c#rc

Weft Riding of the said County of York; which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to pp“

hear and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and determine the fame ; and may, according to his or their Dif-

cretion, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, herein-before allowid to be mitigated ; and all Fines*

Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, the Application wntreof is not herein-

VouXIL G before

