A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 14 Georgii III.

fk N Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the

JL JL Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-four.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seven ty-four.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny^and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and

other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in

America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made

in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to

regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), allowing

the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley,

or Malt, to the Blands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread,

Biscuit, and Pease 5 and to allow the Exportation of all

the said Articles to the Bland of Alderney.

6. An Act for further continuing two Acts, made in the

sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for punish-

ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty’s Do-

minions in America.

7. An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the

Stress, Lane?, and Publick Passages, in the Town of

Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Gla-

morgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and

Annoyances therein.

$. An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the

tenth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty *s Reien,

for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Ply-

mouth, in the County of Devon 5 and for regulating the

Carmen and Porters within the said Town,

9. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made

in the eighth Year of his present Majestyrs Reign, in-

tituled, An Act to continue and amend on Act, made in the

fifth Yfar of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Pork, Bacon, and

Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allow-

ing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

Butter, from the BritUh Dominions in America, for a

limited Time.

10. An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Ex-

portation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in

the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

tituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega

and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported^from Great

Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Guru Senega

from Africa to Great Britain only).

11. An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quan-

tity of Biscuit and Pease to the llland of Newfoundland,

for the Benefit of the British) FHhery there.

12. An Act for vetting a Piece of Waste Ground within,

and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of

Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a

new Parish Church thereon.

13. An Act for enabling Sir John Ramfdcn, Baronet, to

make and maintain a navigable Canal, from the River

Calder (between a Bridge called Cooper s Bridge and th ;

Mouth of the River Colne) to The Kings Mill, near the

Town of Huddersfield, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York. 1

14. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the

thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intitu-

led, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of

Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating

the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great’Britain called

England, and for other Purtofes \ which regulates the

Width of the Wheels, ana the Length of Carriages

liable to be weighed; and for indemnifying Persons

who have offended against the said Clause.

a * 15.* An

e

