226

portation o/

Tool*, Sec. im

tke Woollen

Manufactofy,

recited)

ftnd by this Act

repealed, so fj r

relates to the

exportation of

Wool Cards, Scc.

to America,

Preamble.

Aa r CrO. in.

Ae s Oco. hi.

and AOs f. 10,

II, It, 13, A

14 Geo. UJ.

further contf*

nued till March

30, 1776*

Potatoes, Ac.

from Ireland

may be imported

Duty*/ice.

C. 6.—9.' Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775,

f used in the Woollen Manufactare, with Intent to export the fame, is prohibited under certain Penalties

and Forfeitures: And whereas the Exportation of Wool Cards to his Majesty's Colonies in North Ame~

4 rica hath been very beneficial for a great Number of Years past, both to this Country and the said Co-

ionics, and the Prohibition of the exporting of them having proved extremely prejudicial to great

4 Numbers of poor Families in England, by the'Stdppage of the Trade of making such Wool Cards

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That so much of the said Clause as prohibits the collecting or obtaining of Implements and

Tools used in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, for the Purpose of exporting the lame to some

other Part or Place than Great Britain or Ireland^ (nail be, and the fame is hereby repealed, as far as

relates to WqoIQurds, or Stock Cards* not exceeding in Value four Shillings per Pair, and Spinners

Cards, not exceeding in Value one Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the said Woollen Manufacture,

intended to be exported to any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII. '

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the eighth Year of his present

jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Tear of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon*

and Butter^ from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef

Porky Bacon, and Buttery from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time \ and

for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse.

€ \\7 H ER E A S an Act was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act

for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Baconx and Buttery from Ireland, for a limited Time) .* And

whereas an Act was made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and amend the

4 said first-mentioned Act, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

4 from the British Dominions in America, for a limited l ime: And whereas by fix Acts, made in the

4 ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

the said last-mentioned Act was continued until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy-five: And whereas it is expedient that the Importation of the said Goods and Commodities.

4 flbould be allowed for a longer Time;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That the said Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*' (intituled, An Act

tfi continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for

4 Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allorf-

4 ing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in Amerifay

4 for a limited Time'), shall continue, and be in full Force and Effect, until the: thirtieth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftx. - -

4 II. And whereas the free Importation of Potatoes and Pulse from Ireland may be advantageous,* be it

enacted. That during the Continuance of this Act, Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse,* may be imported into

Great Britain from Ireland free of Duty.

cap. viii.:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

. called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and seven ty-five.

C A F. IX.

An Act to amend an Act: made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

making and maintaining a Navigable, Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the

City of Oxford.

41 Preamble. Act 9 Geo. III. recited. Great Progress made in the Canal. Power by former Act to raise

4i Money recited. What Sums have been raised; A further Subscription set on Foot. Further Powers

M necessary. Proprietors may raise Money not exceeding 70,00a/. on the Credit of the Navigation, and

4< align the Rates, &c. as a Security for such Money. Form of Alignment., Person$ to whom AlEgn-

44 ments have been made equally intitled to the Rates Memorials of Alignments to be entered by the

4< Clerk. Alignments may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfers to be notified to the Clerk,

4t &c. Interest of the Money borrowed to be paid Half-yearly, in Preference to the Dividends. Clause

4< of Act 9 Geo. III. recited, as to Payment of Interest. Interest at 4/. per Cent. only to be paid Sub-

4< feribers until the Canal is completed. Mines not to be worked within twelve Yards of the Canal or the

4< Banks. Method of proceeding when Mines, &c, extend under the Canal* Method of uifeovering

6 when

