564

Clerk of the

I'eace to exhibit

to the Creditor,

cr his Attorney,

on h*i\ment of

I s. the Sthndole

ot’ an) Prifoiicr’i

LiUtc:

AOeflfd Copy

v h 'rtc>f to b<

deemed legal E*

vidence.

Cleik of the

Peace refufirg to

produce such

ScIvduJe, or to

deliver a Copy

thereof, 6c c.

stall f >rfeit rol.

and Treble

Cods:

One Moiety to

the Prosecutor,

and the other to

the Poor of the

Parish.

Aflipnees of Co-

pyhold or Cuf

tomary F.states to

compound with

the Lord of the

Manor, and to

be admitted Te-

nants there-

upon.

The Prisoner’s

Right and lit-

tered, Scc. only

to be j fretted by

this Att.

Atl Mortgages,

See. to take p'ace

p eftrable to

Cliims of an in-

ferior Nature.

Power* in Pn-

fonen of leafing

Lind«, fee. veil-

ed in A&gncec.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debrors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk

of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reason-

able Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitive?, or

his or their Attorney, produce and fheyv to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the

Day-time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives,

which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the

Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule, pay-

ing or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace*

in whole Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for hisTrouble iu

searching for, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the fame shall be perused by the Party

or Parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame: And that a true Copy of every

such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the

Peace, in whose Custody the fame shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the fame to be a true Copy of such

Schedule, without being wrote on stamped Paper (and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Six-

pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for a less Number of

Words), shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the fame: And if

any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer adingas Clerk of the Peace, shall*

on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as afore-

said, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the fame to be inspected as

aforesaid, in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall a(k or

take more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and

so in proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of

any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the fame, and having the Money tendered

to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts <k

Record at IVcflminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Per-

son who shall prosecute for the fame: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered*

go to the Party who prosecuted for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish ia

which the Offence shall be committed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees at

aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any Copyhold or Customary Estate, as aforesaid, he or

they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom, the fame shall

be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath

heretofore been moll usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition,

the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be

holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees*

Tenant to such Copyhold or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manor*

of which the fame shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Prisoner had thereia

at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs*

and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said Copyhold or Customary Premises.

XX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or

Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive*

which may be expedant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive)*

hereby veiled in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peaces

but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person ana Persons, shall remain*

continue, and be saved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A&flull ex-

tend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisoner or

Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised

in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple. Statute-merchant, Re-

cognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take

Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any

Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall

have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment, before such

Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of every such

Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such

Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and

Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an

inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act

had not been made 5 any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding*

4 XXII. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, are

seised and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Terna

4 of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such

Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years deter-

4 minable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such

4 Prisoners;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Cafe, all and every

the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any

such Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the

Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees exe-

cuted for the Benefit of all and every the Creditois of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

« XXIII. And

