636

vhofe Determi-

nation shall be

final.

Writings to be

without S'.amps,

Kxoencei of this

Act how to be

paid.

Limitation of

Actionj.

General Ififut.

Treble Cofl».

The Rate of

as. 6d. per

Acre, to be af>

felled for (even

Ycaxs only.

Saving the

Rights of the

Commissionera

of Sewers.

Saving the

Rights of the

Mayor, Ac. of

Sandwich in the

Haven and Har-

bour of Sand-

wich.

Public Act,

C. 63, 64. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. . A.D. 1776.

Appeals, and to hear and determine the fame, and give such Costs to either Party as they (hill think rea-

sonable, and to make such further Order therein as to them shall appear just; and their Determination

therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of

Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere ; but no

Order or other Proceeding of any Justice or justices of the Peace, had or made by virtue of this Act, shall

be auashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

aXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Mortgage, Assignment, or other Security for the bor-

rowing of Money, nor any Order, Nomination, Appointment, Contract, Agreement, Information,

Conviction, Judgment, Warrant, or any other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands

and Seals of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor the Transfer

of any Mortgage or Security, nor any Bond taken from any Officer or his Sureties for the due Execution

of his Office, nor any other Writing whatsoever, concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged

with any Stamp-duty,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and

passing this Act, and all Charges and Expences already incurred, or to be incurred, for or on account

thereof, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers out of the first Monies which shall be raised or

received by them by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit or Information shall be commenced or

prosecuted against any Person or Persons for an^ Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such

Action or Sait shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not

afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Kent, and not elsewhere ; and the De-

fendant or Defendants in all such Actions and Suits shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in

Replevin, justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of

Sewers are enabled to do; and shall and may, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act and the

Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance of this Act: And if the fame shall

appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before

limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant

or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear

Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if A Verdict shall pass

upon Demurrer, or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defend-

ant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the

fame as in other Cafes where Costs are awarded by Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Term of seven

Years, to be computed from the Time of passing this Act, so much of this Act as authorises and impowers

the said Commissioners of Sewers to assess, rate, tax, and scot, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and

Grounds within the said General Vallies in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of two

Shillings and Sixpence per Acre in any one Year as aforesaid, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely

void : Provided nevertheless, That all the other Powers and Authorities hereby given, and all Penalties,

Forfeitures, Puni(hmenis, Matters, and Things, contained in this Act, shall at all Times thereafter be

and remain in full Force and Effect.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,

or be construed.to extend, to prejudice, lessen, alter, or take away any of the former or other Rights,

Privileges, Powers, or Authorities, of the said Commissioners of Sewers within the Limits of their Com-

mission, by virtue of the general Laws relating to Sewers ; but that the fame shall remain, continue, and

be in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made.

XXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall

prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, Interest, or Jurisdiction, of the Mayor, Jurats, and Com-

monalty of Sandwich for the Time being, every or any of them, of, in, to, or over, the Haven and Har-

bour of Sandwich; but that the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and their Successors, and every

of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy, all

Royalties, Rights, Titles, Interests, Privileges, and Jurisdictions, in, to, and over, the said Haven and

Harbour of Sandwich, or incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining thereto, in as full, ample, and

beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they, every, any or either of them, had, held, or en-

joyed, or ought to have held and enjoyed, before the passing this Act, or in case this Act had not been

made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always. That nothing

herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to interrupt or hinder the Execution of

this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, Sheriffs, and other Persons, are hereby required to

take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester \ and for opening new

Streets or Passages within the said Town.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds called The Parts

and jilclerlotSy in the Parishes of Glatten and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon.

4< Boundary

