138 C. 74-----76. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

Wool the Duties her, or them, in such Manufactory, whether such Soap be imported into, or made in this Kingdom only,

made in this* rnuC^ duties as are now paid for Soap made in this Kingdom ; any Law, Statute, or Usage,

Kingdom. notwithstanding.

payments*to be XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Payment {hall be made on

made atdiieaed the like Proofs, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Oaths, Affirmations, Pains, and Penalties, as

Itcite* *n an<* ky the said above-recited Acts are directed and required.

Persont proTe* XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons {hall be

cutedfbrany sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or

Thing done by Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, ip

this A a mty his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants,%

plead the Gam* or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judg-

* ment shall be given against him, her, or them, on Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or De-

Treble Cofti. fendants fbalihave Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Great

Raisins.

Preamble, fecit- € IT 7 HEREAS in and by the Book of Rates referred to by the A d of Tonage and Poundage,

^ bvdT * ma<k in 'be twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Raisins Great the Hundred

Raw 4 Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, are rated at one Pound ten Shillings; and in arid

12 Car. a. 9 € by the additional Book of Rates referred to by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his

indue#* i. 4 late Majesty King George the First, Raisins of Alicant* Deni a, and other Raisins not otherwise rated,

4 the Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, are rated at no more than ten Shil-

4 lings: And whereas it has been found, by Experience, that the Duties payable upon Great Raisins,

4 according to the Rate herein-before mentioned, are too high in Proportion to the real and true Value

4 of such Raisins, which has been a great Discouragement to the Importation thereof, to the Prejudice

4 of the Revenue and Trade of this KingdomFor Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it

may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, arid

After 14 June, by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred ar>d

1774, Duties seventy-four, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, according to the said Rate 6f

W^ythe one pound ten Shillings per Hundred Weight, mall cease, determine, and be no longer paid,

importation of* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in lieu of the said former Rates arid

Raiftns, to cease. Duties repealed by this Act^ all Great Raisins, or Raisins usually entered under that Denomination,

Great Raisins which, from and after the said first Day of July9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, shall be

°W imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay the old Subsidy granted by the A d of

, Car ^ Tonage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according

* *' to the Rate and Value of ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve

Pounds, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity of such Raisins; and the several further Sub-

fidies? additional Duties, and all other Imposts and Duties whatsoever, to which such Raisins were subject

and liable before the making of this Act, shall, in like Manner, be paid proportionally, according to the

Rate or Value herein-before set thereon for the old Subsidy, and not acco;ding to any former Rate or

Value ; any Thing in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

. How the S«b- HI* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Subsidies, Impositions, and

Adies and lapo» Duties, made payable by this Act upon such Raisins, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid,

JitioAsire t#be and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and

raised and ap- Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as the said former 'Subsidies, and

f IC * other Duties, were raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to,

and all the*rowers. Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several Acts of Parlia-

ment, which granted or continued the fame respectively, shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall

be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, paying, and apply-

ing, the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Mean-

ing of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Mat-

ters, and Things, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enlarging the present. or providing a new Workhouse, for the Use of the PariQi of Saint &f-

vieur Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the

Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through

the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street* and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, lead-

ing towards the Black Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Christ Church.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for redeeming the Sum of one Million of the Capital Stocks of three Pounds per Centum Annuities,

in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

CAP#

