6l2

Rates to be con-

folidated, and

veiled in Com-

millioneri.

Comnnfiioners

imfowered 10

inspect Poor-

rates, appoint

Col.edlorf, &c.

CettiSn Inhabi-

tants not ex-

empted from

Highway-duty,

ft c.

A Clause in the

former Ad re-

pealed.

Inhabitants of

certain Street!

to pay 6 d. in

the Pound.

Untenanted

Houses, how to

be rated.

Charges of num-

bering H'.'ul'ea to

be paid by the

Tenant.

Orders entered

may be varied,

provided a great-

er Number of

Commilfu ners

than made ihe

Order are con-

ienting thereto.

Clauses and Pro-

viGoj.s of for-

mer Ad to ex-

tend to this Act.

Expences of this

Act how to be

paid.

The Af>s not to

•ft'eft the Juris-

didtinn of the

City of Roche-

fler.

C. 58. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

the Highfireet of the said Town of Chatham, in such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners,

or any seven or more of them, shall judge necessary ; so as such Rate or Assessment, with respect only to

the several Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole Sixpence

in the Pound, in any one Year, of the yearly Rent or Value of such House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf,

Buildings, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, according to the Rack-rent, or full yearly Value there-

of: And the said Rate or Assessment shall be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the said Commissioners, and

shall be by them applied for the Purposes of the said recited A(51, and of this Act, and shall be consoli-

dated and made one joint and general Fund with the Rates appointed to be made by the said former Act,

and the said Rate or Assessment shall be made in the Month of July in every Year; and the said Commis-

sioners shall be, and they are hereby inverted with, the fame Powers, of inspecting and making Extracts

from the Poor-rates, of appointing one or more Collector or Collectors, within the respective Parishes of

Saint Margaret and Gillingham aforesaid, of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue and in pur-

fuance of the said recited Act, or this Act, and to levy and recover the Money so rated or assessed on the

Inhabitants of those Parts of the said respective Parishes of Saint Afargaret and Gillingham before described,

•and intended to be included under the said former and this present Act, and also the Penalty incurred by

any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to execute the Office of Collector or Collectors of the said

Rates or Assessments, as fully and effectually, as if the said respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and G/7-

linpham, within the Limits aforesaid, had been comprised in the said former Act.

XIV. Provided always. That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, toexcufeany Person or Persons, within the respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and

Gillingham aforesaid, from the Statute or Highway Duty or Labour, or Contribution or Composition-

money in lieu thereof.

XV*. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the said former Act as impowers the Commissioners

to make a Rate or Aficfl’ment, not exceeding Four-pence in the Pound, upon the Inhabitants of King-

street, Queen street, Crofsfircet, and other Places, in the said recited Act particularly described, shall be,

and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed : And that, from and after the parting of this Act, the feve-

ral Inhabitants of Kingfireet, Queen fireety Cro/s-flied^ and other Places, in the said recited Act men-,

tioned, shall and may (subject nevertheless to the optional Clause in the said recited Act contained) be

yearly rated and assessed by the Commissioners appointed to put the said recited Act and this Act in Exe-

cution, for the Purpose of lighting and cleansing such particular Streets as aforesaid, in any Sum of Money

not exceeding in the Whole, in any one Year, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the full

Value or yearly Rent of their respective Houses and Buildings, in conrtderation of the Statute or Highway

Duty to be performed by them.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That in case it shall happen that any of the Houses, Shops, Ware-

houses, or other Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, within the Limits described and mentioned in

and by this and the said recited Act, shall, at the Time of making the said Rate or AflTeflment, be empty,

untenanted, or unoccupied, that then, and in every such Cafe, any Person or Persons coming into such

empty or unoccupied House or Building as aforesaid, shall and may be rated and assessed by the said Com-

missioners, in proportion to the Time such Person or Persons shall so occupy the fame.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That the Charges and Expences of marking or numbering the several

Houses or Buildings, in any of the High-fired, Streets and Lanes, public Ways and Pafl’ages, within the

Limits mentioned and described in and by this or the said recited Act, shall at all Times, upon Demand,

be paid by the Tenant or Occupier of such House or Building, to the Person or Persons employed by the

said Commissioners to mark or number such respective House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, under

and subject to a Penalty of two Shillings for every Neglect or Refusal.

XV III. And be it further enacted, That all Orders which have been or shall be made by the said Com-

missioners, and are or shall be entered in their Books, by virtue and under the Authority of the said recited

Act, or this Act, may be altered, amended, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meet-

ing of the said Commissioners ; such CommifliQners being more in Number than the Commissioners who

made the Order so intended to be altered or amended, reversed, annulled, or made void, and provided that

seven Days Notice at lead be given to all the Commissioners, and entered in the Book of Proceedings of

the Commissioners for the Time being, at some Meeting assembled, of the Day, Time,.and Place, ap-

pointed forsaking into Conrtderation the Orders so intended to be altered or amended, reversed, annulled,

or made void.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That the fail recited Act, as to all and every Clause, Previflon, Mat-

ter, and Thing, therein contained (except where the fame shall be altered by this Act) shall be extended

and extend to this Act, and to the Rates and Assessments hereby authorised and directed to be made, laid,

and assessed, and be deemed Part thereof, and dial 1 operate, be in Force, and be observed, inforced, and

performed, in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were

repented and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and

parting this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the said former Act,

or this present Act.

XXL Provided always and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act or in the said recited Act contained

shall in any Manner lefl'en or affect the Jurisdiction or Rights of the Mayor and Citizens of the said City

of Rochester, but the fame shall be and,remain in full Force, as if this Act, and the said recited Act, had

not been made; and that all Matters and Things, arising within the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and

Citizens of the said City of Rochester, determinable before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall be

referred to, and determined by, the Jurtice or Justices of the Peace of the said City of Rocheficr; and all

Appeals from the Acts, Orders, or Directions, of the said Commissioners in this Act, or in the said recited

Act,

