12$

One Half to the

Informer, and

the other to the

Poor.

Personi forging

Marks CD forfeit

Jo L

Complaint take

made to some

lattice, or no

Person liable to

ke prosecuted.

PubUckAa.

fieimUt.

Collectors of the

Revenue*, Arc,

tQ receive the

dinrrniihcd Cold

Coin:

C. 69, jo, Anfio decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774*;

6nc or more Witness or Witndfes (which Oath such Justice of the Peace.is hereby impowered and re-

quired to administer without Fee or Reward), be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrantor Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice

/which Warrant or Warrants such T&ftice is hereby impoWcred to grant), and the Overplus, after such

Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall

be returned upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and one Half of

the Penalties and Forfeitures, when so paid or levied, {hail, from Time to Time, be paid to the Person

who shall give Information of any such Offence; and the other Half shall be paid to the Overseer or

Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and applied to the

Use of the Poor thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That \f any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit,; alter, or wilfully

obliterate any Mark, by this Act directed to be put by the Officers of Excise upon any such Bag or

Pocket; every such Person so offending, and being thereof legally convicted before a Justice of the

Peace, shall be subject to a Penalty of ten Pounds; to be levied, paid, and applied in Manner and Form

abote directed: And in Default of Payment thereof, shall suffer six Months imprtfonmentj or until he

shall have paid the said Penalty. , _ 1 > L -

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no Person (nail be liable to be prosecuted for any

Penalty for anV Offence hgainst this Act, unless Complaint shall be made thereof to some Justice of the

Peace for the County or^Place Where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, or be discovered within fix Calen-

dar Month* next after the Sale of any such Hops; arty Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

WkbftAnding.

VI. - And oe it further enacted by the Authority jiforesaid* That this* Ad shall be deemed and taken to

be a Publidc Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice <k as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whdmsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

-An Act for raising a certain Sum of Mdnfcy by Loans or Exchequer Rifts, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. 1,250,000l.

V A P. LXX.

An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in, and recoining, the defU

cienc Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the fame

at the Bank of England \and of taking, there, an Account of the Deficiency of the said

Coin, and making Satisfaction for the fame; and for artthoriling all Persons to cut and

deface all Gold Coin, that shall not be allowed to be Current by his Majesty's Pro^

clamation. - . i . 1 ,

4 W7 HEREAS thfc Gold Coin. of this Realm has been greatly diminished by clipping, filing, and

other evil Practices, particularly of late Years, in Violation of the Laws of this Realm; and it

c has been a Practice to export and melt down the new and perfect Coin, soon after it has been ifiiied

4 for private Advantage, to the great Detriment of the Publicity and the like Practice will continue while

€ Pieces differing greatly in Weight are-current under the fame Denomination, and at the fame Rate and

4 Value: And whereas, for preventing the Mifchiefe to which she PublickarcT efcposed, it is proper, in

the first place, that all Guineas weighing lefstnan five Pennyweights, eight Grains; and all Half Guineas,

4 weighing less than tWo Pennyweights, sixteen Grains; and all Quarter Guineas, weighing less than one

^ Pennyweight^ and eight Grains; {hould be called in, and recoined, according to the established Standard

4 of the Mint, both as to Weight andFirtenefs; and i& is proper likewise that the fame {hould be called

in by Degrees, and as fast as the Occasions of Circulation will allow, and as the Officers of the Mint

4 are able to recoin the (lime: And whereas the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Par-

4 Iiament assembled, have, in their Address, most humbly besought your Majesty, that your Majesty would

4 be graciously pleased to jffue your Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, and thereby appoint such Days

as to Your Majesty fhduld seem meet, after which the said Guineas, Half Quirteas, and Quarter Guineas,

4 should not be allowed in Payment, Or . to pass, except only to the Collectors or Receivers of the Publick

4 Revenues, or to such Persons as your Majesty shall authorise to receive apdf exchange the fame; and that

4 your Majesty would appoint certain other Days, after which tKeLfaid Guineas, Half Guineas, and

4 Quarter Guineas, should not be allowed to pals in any Payment whatsoever, or to be exchanged in

4 Manner aforesaid;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pauliameirt

assembled, and by the Authority jof the fame.. That; the Tellers in the Receipt of his^Majesty's Ex-

chequer, and the several Receivers General, and their Deputies, and the particular Receivers and Col-

le&ors, and ^Officers, who art or shall be intruded with the Receiptor Col ledion of his Majesty’s Re-

venues, Impositions, Duties* Taxes, Aids, or Supplies, within the Kingdom of Great Britain^ and the

Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the King-

dom of Ireland, and his or or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Teller of the Exchequer there, and all

Collectors or Receivers, and other Officers, who are or shall be intruded with the Receipt or Collection

of the said Revenues, shall, and by this Act they are severally required and enjoined, to accept and take,

for his Majesty’i Use, for or upon!account of any ,of the said Revenues, Impofiqons, Duties, Taxes,

5 Aids,

