A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georou III. jC. 64. 387

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed onto be For want of a

appointed by virtue of this A&, shall neg!e& or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for hold- foment Num-

ing the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleric or.Clerics of the said Court, torajj0urn the*

or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient court to another

Day, within one VVeek from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till the next Day,

General Court Day to be held by Rotation as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, Commissioneit

and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from Time Powers.

to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of thrs Act, to hear and deter-

mine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is ment.

tioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein,

and to award such Execution thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chat-

tels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment},

Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and naoft agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: And

if the Commiftianei9 so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come

before them, the Commissioner present whole Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners, directed

to be kept.in the Court-house or Place where they {hall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, $nd as often ae lneaf?ofDe*th,

it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the (kid Comm iffiopers herein before particularly named, of Commis-

or of any of their Syccessors, to be chosen in Manner herein after montioned, qr by his or their refusing otherl to

or neglecting for the Space of twelve Months to a & herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for theConv- * “

missioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any (eleven or more of ftbem, <0 meet and af-

leoible together, at any Time after such Death, R.efufal, or Neglect toad, and to elect and appoint one

or more Comroissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners

dying or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner, so elected and appointed, shall be ahd is hereby

enabled to ad in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named 10 this Act.

V« And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Atkinson Gentleman shall be and Clerk* and Ser-

is hereby conftftuted and appointed Clerk of the fold Count of Requests to beheld at Spalding, and that jeamaappoiated,

John Key Gentleman shall be and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests

to be held at Hoibeach* and that Henry Everard ftsail be and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant

of the said Court of Requests to be held at Spalding* and that James Delby shall be and is hereby appointed

-Serjeant of the said Court of Requests *0 be held at Holbeach\ who shall continue Clerks and Serjeants of

the said Courts so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respetfive Offices.,

VI. Provided always. That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any VifbiaL NaCojpnUfio*.

ling-house, Ale-house, or other House of any publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, *r> vi*?0!l,e%

Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, pj^c of Profit/

or any other Place of Profit bcloi^ing to the said Court. ^

VII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place Comroissioner*

of Cleric or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Milbehar 10 *ppwnt other

viour, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some conve- .-nd

nient Place, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy {hall happen, and a Majority of the said Death &c!

Commissioners so met are hereby authorised and required to choose and appoint another fit Person to be

Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour. ,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks herein before named and Clerk* "to fixuy

chosen, and their Successors, so from Time to Time to he chosen and appointed, or his or their lawful L*.fl*of Co.ra*

Deputy or Deputies, shall make and cause to be fixed up, in some convenient Part of each of the (ud Court- colm^houset ^the

houses, lair and complete Lifts, in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be 9

elected-and appointed a6 aforesaid ; and {ball also, and are hereby impowered and requicetEto ifftte, or cause to issue Sum-.

to be ifluedput* all Suramonfes, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and *™>nfe», and xoi

enter,-or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts gifter Order*

and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by them, and kept for that Purpose: Serjeant* to

And that the Serjeant and Serjeants herein before named and chosen, or from Time to Time to be chosen Summoirf.

and appointed as aforesaid, shall* and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to

be .served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions,

and Precepts, and to do ami perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and ap-

pointed to be donehy them. -

IJf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this AnyPersontmty

A St* itftiall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or fuc for Debt* on-

have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of .forty Shillings, dcr4Ct*

due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator,

Guardian, or Trustee, by or from A»y other Person or Persons .whatsoever inhabiting or refiJing within

abe Hundred aforesaid, or any Pact thereof, or trading and dealing or seeking a Livelihood therein, to

•pplyjo either of the Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being,

who shall immediately make ah Ently in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and HowOfficmar*

the Sum demanded; and {hall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing, under his Hand, to proceed.

directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name

or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor

or Debtors -to.appear, At a certain Tifne and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer

luoh.Demand j and the Serjeant of either of the said Courts shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons

3 D 2 to

