fi. D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii ill. C. 42. 3*3

JVIajcfly’s Colony of East Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-

fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the twenty-fourth Day of 'June,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum ar Sums of Money, not exceeding five thou-

sand four hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establish-

ment of his Majesty’s Colony of l^ejl Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from

the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred 2nd seventy-four, to the twenty-fourth Day

of June-, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

one thousand eight hunJred eighty-five Pounds and four Shillings upon Account, for defraying the Ex-

pences attending gcneial Surveys of his Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy five.

XXII. And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any of the Aids

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed-

ing thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing; maintaining, and supporting the British Forts

and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Aloney, not exceeding six thousand

three hundred thirty-six Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, upon Account, for defraying the Expence of

supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of

the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Bariary and Cape Rouge, for the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

. XXill. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

three thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mufaum to carry on the Execution of

the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand

Pounds, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Le-

vant Seas, to be applied in afiiihng the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Not rrceM’rf

5,4 jo !• lor the

Dvil Ef*.bi:lh»

men' of Weft

Florida j

i,SS 51. 4 3. for

defraying tx-

pences a 'ending

S-jivcy? in North

Am?r ca

11 000 1. for

rejJdirirg and

n amuinm? the

Forts :n Arne. ;

6 3'6!. 9-I. a*,

for supporting

the Civil El.a-

bliihment of

Senegarr.bia 5

30C0I. to the

Trufreer of *he

Briti/hMuftcum*

&c.}

5OC0!. to the

Goveimr, &c. of

Merchants of

England trading to the Levant Seas

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl'ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed-

ing six thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, upon Account of the

Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Bri-

tain, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding two thousand one hundred and forty-five Pounds, for defraying the Ekpence of engraving

Charts of the Coasts of Ireland, and also of the Weft Coast of Great Britain from BriJlol Channel to Cape

IVrath, the North-western Promontory of Scotland, including all the adjacent Islands, surveyed by Master

Murdoch Mackenzie9, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand seven hundred and

eleven Pounds and fifteen Shillings, towards defraying the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coast of

North America, between the Ba^ of Cha/eurs in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and the River Saint Croix in

the Bay of Fundy, surveyed by Joseph Frederick JFallet Des Barres, Esquire ; and any Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney, not exceeding forty-six thousand eight hundred forty-six Pounds nine Shillings and Three-pence, to

he applied to reimburse the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Charges and Expences

incurred by them in receiving the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm, in pursuance of an Order of the

Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury of the twenty-second Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-three, and for Interest of the Monies advanced by them to the Holders of the fame;

and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-two thousand eight hundred twenty-four

Pounds and nineteen Shillings, for defraying the extraordinary Charge of his Majesty’s Mint in the Tower

of London in the Year ended the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

four ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to

allift the Inhabitants of the Island of Barbadoes, in defraying the Expence of cleansing the Channel, re-

pairing the Mole, and rendering the Harbour there more safe and commodious; and any Sum or Sums

of Money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred and eighty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Ten-pence,

to make good the like Sum which has been paid to several Persons, as a Compensation and in full Satis-

fadUon for their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to several Orders of Council for preventing the

spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the horned Cattle; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding five hundred and fifty Pounds, out of the Monies that have been or shall be paid Into the Re-

ceipt of the Exchequer, on Account of the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late

Waf^o be paid to Master Edward Rhhardson, or his Assigns, in Reward and full Satisfaction for the In-

formation and Assistance given by him in the Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the late Master Ed-

ward Manning, one of the Agents for the Sale of the said Prizes in the Island of Jamaica.

6,9981. los. 7d.

on account of the

Ex pence of new”

Road*, &c. in

the Highlands of

Scotland in

177 5 5

2,145!. to Mr.

Mackenzie, for

engravingCharte

of the Coasts of

Ireland, See,

3,7111. 15 s. to

Mr. Wallet Del

Barres for en-

graving Chirts

of North Ame-

rica, Sec. j

46,84a 9s. 3].

to the Bank of

England for re*

ceiving the de-

ficient Gold.

Coin ;

22,824!. 191.

for the extuior-

dirnry Charge of

his Majesty’s

M>nf;

5000k granfeJ

to his Majesty, to

aftift the Inhabi-

tants of lErba-

doet, in cleans-

ing the Channel*

&c ;

1,684!. 15s.

10 d. to make

good the )<ke

Sum paid for preventing the infectious Distemper arr.org the horned Cattle; 5501. to Mr, Richardson, out of the Moniea raised by the Sale of French Prize*,

for his Discovery of the Effects of Mr. Manning ;

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or* 880,0001.

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of eight hundred and eighty thousand r

Pounds, to enable his Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who have payibie to°Per-

subscribed their Capital Stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and annihilated upon fons who have

the Terms expressed in the Resolution of the House of Commons of the fourth Day of May, one thousand subscribed their

seven hundred and seventy-five. Capital of 3 per

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl'ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding t05’thi Sinking*

forty-five thousand four hundied forty-six Pounds eight Shillings and Two-pence, to replace to the Sink- Fund, to make

i»g Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July, one gf*>d the Defi-

T t Z thousand, cienc7 on July

,774>

