No ViftuAUr,

&c. to ho'd i he

Vbet of Clerk,

See.

Time of Truf-

tees rr.e< ting to

rrakc the Rates,

&c.

Hates not to ex-

ceed 2 s. in the

Pound.

PeiTom under

61. yearly Rent

theempud from

Rates*

Trustees to ap-

point Collectors*

The'r Powers

foT levying the

Rates.

Alleflors to ac-

count uponOath,

if required*

and pay the Mo-

ney collected to

Perform appoint-

ed to receive the

fame.

Irrcafe P< Hons

cha'gcable refuse

t«» pay, how the

Ratts may be

ltvkjl.

Coo ls, ^c. may

be distr lined in

any Plac within

the Cojnty, or

cliew here.

C. 43, Anno decimo quinto Georgii III, A.D. 1775.

shall be made to any Treasurer upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever; and that no Victualler or Re-

tailer of Ale, Beer, or Spiiituous Liquors shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or any Place or

Cince under this Act.

4 V III. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may from Time to Time be raised for the Purposes

4 of this Aft/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said 7'ruftees, or any five or more

of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet in some convenient Place within

the said Hamlet, upon the third Monday after the passing of this Add; and shall also meet annually upon

the fir id Mind ay next after the Feast of Saint John the Baptij?, or within seven Days afterwards, at such

Time and Place as they, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; Notice of the Time and Place of

every such annual Meeting being first given in the Chapel of High gate on the Sunday next before eve; y

such Meeting; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shal! and are hereby authorised and

required, at their first Meeting, to be holden as aforesaid, and also at all subsequenr annual Meetings which

{hall be held in pursuance of this Act, to make a Pound-rate, to be equally a fie fit d, for the watching ar J

lighting the said Hamlet within the Limits aforesaid, and for defraying all the Charges and Expences at-

tending the Execution of this Act, upon all and every Person and Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold,

use, occupy, or enjoy, any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Here-

ditament, within the said Hamlet, or on any other Person or Persons who by Law is or arc chargeable and

<tfllffable for and towards the Relief of the Poor within the said Hamlet, according to the real improved

Rent or Value of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or He-

reditament aforesaid (except as herein-after is excepted) for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said

Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at their first Meeting, or at any of their annual Meet-

ings, shall order, direct, and appoint; and the said Rates or Assessrnems shall be signed by any five of the

said Trustees, and shall be paid quarterly.

IX. Provided always, That no Rate or Assessrnent directed to be made as aforesaiJ shall exceed in the

Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, of the yeaily Rent of such Houses, Shops,

Warehouses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, That all Persons who occupy Tenements under the yearly Value of six Pounds im-

proved Rent, and who subsist only by their manual Labour, and do not keep an open Shop for the Sale of

Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, shall be freed and exempted from the Payment of the said Rates, or

any Part thereof; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of

(hem, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint for that Purpose, shall be and they are hereby

appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Alleffments to be raised and levied by virtue of this

Act; and the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorised, impowered,.and required, to col-

left and levy the same accordingly: And for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors to collect the

said Rates or Assessments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to execute

all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice of the Peace of the

said County of Middlesex against any Person or Persons neglecting or refuting to pay the said Rates or Af-

fcflments, in the same Manner, and as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor*

by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the

Peace.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Collector or Collectors, and each of them, shall, and

he and they is and are hereby required to make up and render upon Oath to the said Trustees, or any five

or mere of them, at some publick. Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto re-

quired determined by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, a full, true, and perfect Account, in Writing,

of all Monies collected and received by him or thepi by virtue of this Act, and of all Monies rated or

assessed and not received; and to pay over the Monies so by him or them collected and received, and re-

maining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, prerent at any such publick Meeting, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the

fame; to be applied for lighting and watching the said Hamlet, and the several other Purposes of this Act,

according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof: And if the said Collector or Collectors shall refuse or

neglect to give in a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in

Manner as aforesaid, he and they shall be subject and liable to such and the like Punishment as Overseers

of the Poor are, for Offences of the like Sort, subject and liable to.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons so rated or assessed, or charged or

chargeable, and made liable as aforesaid, shall refule or neglect to pay any such Rate or Assessrnent to the

Collector or Collectors for the Space of three Days after ptrlonal Demand thereof made, or Demand in

Writing left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful

to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Middlesex, upon

Oath (which Oath he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or

Reward) of such Demand, and Non-payment, by Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands

and Seals (which he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to grant), to authorise and direct

the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Rate, or Money so in Arrear, together with the Costs and

Charges attending the fame, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of every such Person and Persons so in Arrear, and neglecting or refusing to pay as

aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, on

Demand thereof being made by such Owner or Owners.

4 XIV. And, for the more cfteftual levying the Money rated and assessed for the several Purposes of this

4 Aft/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goods and Chattels of any rerfon rated

or assessed as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, shall and may be distrained in Manner

aforesaid,

