A. D. 1776.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

c. S3-

595

proper Proportion of such Parish in the said Number of thirty-six Guardians; which said thirty-six Guar-

dians so elected {hall be and continue acting Guardians, until new succeeding acting Guardians shall be

elected, and be in Office in their Place and Stead, in Manner hereafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the present Clerk of the said Corporation of Guardians shall

give at least six Weeks previous Notice of the Time and Place of such first General Quarterly Meeting, by

causing Notices thereof in Writing to be affixed at the principal Door of the several Parish Churches in

the said Island, to the Intent that the several Persons assessed to the Poor, within their said several Parishes,

may assemble and meet at their said respective Parish Churches, on such Day as {hall in such Notice be ex-

pressed, not later than three Weeks after the Time of giving such Notice, in order to proceed to the No-

mination of Guardians in Manner before mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That at all future General Meetings to be held on the last Thursday in

June in every Year, after the last Thursday in June next ensuing the paffine of this AS, the Directors

then and there present shall, by Ballot, proceed to elect twenty-four of the Guardians (twelve of whom

shall not have been Directors for the preceding Year) to be Directors for the Year ensuing; and at the

said General Meetings, the Directors and acting Guardians there present {hall elect a Treasurer, and Clerk,

and other Officers, for the Year ensuing.

X. And be it further enacted, That at the said General Meeting, to be held annually on the last Thurs-

day in Juney {hall be elected in every Year thirty-six other Guardians, in the Place and Stead of the acting

Guardians of the preceding Year ; in order to which Annual Election, such Number of Guardians {hall

be nominated in Manner aforesaid, by the said several Parishes, in Easter Week, or within one Month

after Easter in every Year, and be in like Manner transmitted by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of

the ftycral and respective Parishes where such Election is to be made, to the Clerk for the Time being of

the said Corporation, at least ten Days before the said General Annual Meeting; when the said Directors and

Guardians there assembled shall proceed (in such Form and Manner as before is directed to be observed at the

said first General Meeting forelefting the acting Guardians) to elect the thirty-six acting Guardians fora Year.

XI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Parish or Parishes shall neglect or

refuse to make out and return a List or Lifts of Persons to be acting Guardians, in Manner before efirefted,

that then it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians present at the said Ge-

neral Meeting to proceed, by Way of Ballot, to the Choice of one or more Person or Persons qualified

as aforesaid, either resident in or living out of such Parish or Panflies, to be the Representative or Reprc-

fentatives of such Parish or Parishes so neglecting or refusing to make out and return such List or Lists as

aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Assessment upon any Parish within the

said Island {hall be so small as not to entitle such PariQi to be represented by one of the said thirty-six ail-

ing Guardians, every such Parish shall join and ail with such contiguous rariQi or Parishes as the Direct-

ors shall fee fitting, or by the Notice or Notices to be given to such Parish or Parishes of the said first

General Meeting, for electing the said thirty-six Guardians, shall be directed, as well in electing the

said Guardians to be returned to the said Clerk of the said Corporation, previous to the said first General

Meeting:, as also at every future Election of Guardians for the fame Purpose, until the find Directors and

ailing Guardians for the Time being {hall fee Cause to join the fame with some other Parish or Parishes*

for greater Convenience ; which they shall have Power to do as they shall fee Occasion.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, being duly quali-

fied, {hall be elected a Director, and shall refuse to take that Office upon him, and to act therein, shall

forfeit the Sum of six Pounds ; and every Guardian refusing to act, when elected to be an acting Guardian,

shall forfeit the Sum of four Pounds, unless reasonable Cause shall be shewn to, and allowed by, the Ma-

jority of the Directors and acting Guardians present at the next' General Quarterly Meeting after such

Eleition; and every Person who shall be elected a Director or acting Guardian before he shall have de-

livered to the Clerk an Account of his Qualification, shall deliver in an Account of his Qualification,

as above directed, at the next General Quarterly Meeting after his Election, and if he neglects so to do,

such Neglect shall be construed a Refusal to take the Office upon him, and he shall forfeit as in the Cafes

of Refulal above specified, unless he can shew reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Majority of the

Directors and Guardians present at the said Meeting; all which Forfeitures shall and may be sued for and

recovered by Action of Debt, by and in the Name of the Guardians of the Poor within the ljle of tVighty

to be brought in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westm\nflery and when recovered shall be paid to

the Treasurer of the said Corporation for the Time being, and added by him to the common Stock for

the Use of the Poor.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Woman* no Person not living in the said Island,

no Person under twenty, or above sixty-five Years of Age, and no Person who shall have served, or paid

the Penalty for not serving, the Office either of Director or acting Guardian, within two Years next be-

fore his said Election, shall be liable to pay the Penalties aforesaith

XV. And be it further enacted, That at any other of the General Quarterly Meetings by this Act dn*

rested to be held, the Directors present shall and may fill up, by Ballot among themselves, any Vacancies

that may have happened among the twenty-four Directors, either by Death, Removal, or refusing to act;

and the Directors and acting Guardians present at such Meetings shall and may, out of the Lift returned

at the last preceding Election of acting Guardian*, or in case of no such Return being made, out of the Number

of Guardians within the said island, fill up by Ballot any Vacancies that may have happened among the thirty-

fix acting Guardians, either by Death, or Removal, or refusing to act; but no such Director or acting Guar-

dian, so to be elected to fill up any Vacancy, shall continue Director or acting Guardian for any longer Time

e he shall be elected, might or ought to have continued by virtue of thi*

than the Person in whose Place

Act.

Six Weeks No.

tice to be given

of the first Ge-

neral (Quarterly

Meeting.

Directors, Trea*

surer, and Clerk,

to be elected

annually.

Acting Guar-

dians to be elect-

ed annually.

Manner of

Election.

Proviso, as to

Rcprr Tentative*

of Parishes not

returning Lilts*

Small Parfthea

to join in re-

tuning Repre*

fcntativci.

Penalty on DU

rectors and

Guardians re-

fusing to act.

How Penalties

to be recovered.

Persons exempt*

ed from those

Penalties.

Vacancies of

Members by

Removal, ftc.

how to be supr

plied.

XVI. And

