A.D. 177J. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 23.

milch thereof as shall be deemed reasonable by two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said

County, acting in the Divifionof Finjlury aforesaid, or any two neighbouring Justices for the said County,

in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise about the Proportion thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them,

shall and may, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, appoint

one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officers

and Servants as they {hall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and shall and may take such Se-

curity as they shall think proper, from such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, so to be

appointed as aforesaid, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and for the true and faithful ac-

counting for all Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act; and may likewise* from

Time to Time, remove such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, or other Officers or Persons, and appoint

others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die; and also shall and may, from

Time to Time, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay, or cause to be paid, such Sala-

ries, or other Allowances, as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or made, to the Officers, or other

Persons so appointed, for and in Confutation of his and their Office and Offices respectively, and to such

Other Person or Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this

Act; provided that the Salary or Allowance to be made to such Collector or Collectors shall not exceed

the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound of the Money by him or them collected in pursuance of this A£h

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall

be, and is or are hereby impowered to collect and receive the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue

or in pursuance of this Act; and shall pay the Money, so by him or them collected or received, to such

Person or Persons as the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and the said Guardians or Governors,

or any seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and that four Times at least in every

Year, or as often as the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall require it,

an Account, from the Book or Books to be kept by the said Collector or Collectors, shall be fairly stated,

and signed by the said Collector or Collectors, and also verified upon Oath, if thereunto required by the

said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, which Oath the said Guardians and Gover-

nors, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised and impowered to administer, and de-

livered by him or them to such Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, or to any seven or more of them*

who are hereby impowered to discharge the said Collector or Collectors of all Monies which he or they

shall have truly accounted for.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Treasurer, Clerk, Col-

lector, or any other Officer or Servant, who shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Guardians or

Governors in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any

Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and

approved of, by such Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, for or on account of any Thing done or to be

done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing ordered or directed by the Guardians or

Governors for putting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever relating to the Execution

thereof; or shall any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain made or to be made by such Guar-

dians or Governors, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act; every Person so of-

fending shall for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit

and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, within six Months next after the

Offence committed; wherein no Protection, Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall

be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish

for the Time being, and the Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and all other Persons who

shall collect or receive any of the Monies arising by virtue of, or under, or in pursuance of, this Act, or

otherwise, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, by virtue of their respective Offices, shall, under

their respective Hands, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places, as the said Guardians or

Governors, or any five or more of them, Hull tiireft, deliver to the said Guardians or Governors, or any

five or more of them, or to their Clerk for the Time being, true 2nd per rest Accounts in Writing of all

Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of their respective Offices, or of this Act, and

also of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received, and how much thereof shall have

been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; also

a true Lift of the Names of all Persons who shall have neglected or refused to pay their respective Rates or

Assessments, and of the Monies due from them respectively, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain

in their respective Hands to the said Guardians or Governois,* or any five or more of them, or to such Per-

son or Persons as they shall appoint, at such T imes and Places as the said Guardians or Governors, or

any five or more of them, shall direct; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting, as aforesaid,

shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, verify their said Accounts: And if any Churchwarden, Over*

seer, Treasurer, Collector, Officer, or Person, shall not make and rentier, or shall refuse to verify upon

Oath, any such Accounts, or to produce the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment, as

aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, or to such

Person or Perfofls as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by any five or

wore of the Lid Guardians or Governors, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or

Power, relating to his or their Office or Offices, or to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglfft

to pay i uch Monies, as upon the Balance of his or their Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their

tcipeftive Hands to the said Guardians or Governors, 01 any five or more of them, or as they shall direct

or

277

Appointment of

Oince.i.

Security ro be

t*ken from

Officers may be

removed, Sec.

How Salaries

to be paid.

Colleger’s Sa-

lary n. t to ex-

ceed 3 d. in the

Pound.

Collectors to re-

ceive the Rj

and to pay Mo*

ney as Chui.'ii*

warden*. Arc.

shall appoint.

Accounts to be

faiily stated four

Times in the

Year,

Penalty of 50k

on Officers for

not discharging

their Duty, Set,

Treasurer*, C®1*

le£lors, Sec. to

arcount for all

Monies received;

and to make a

Lift of all Per*

Tons who have

refused to pay

the Rate;, &c.

Officer* refilling

to account, to or

sued.

