546

Office keepers,

*c. felling

Shares in Tic*

Jccis of *hich

they are no! pof-

fclied, forfeit

500 1. and suffer

3 Months Im-

prisonment#

Offences com-

mitted in Ire-

land against At\%

for preventing

unlawful Lot-

teries, mad:

punishable.

Penalties may

he sued for in

Dublin.

Tickets to be

exchanged for

Certificates*

Managers to give

Kotice of the

Times for such

Exchanger

Certificates to

he numberedr

Books to be kept

f<Nr entering the

Name* of Per-

fens bringing

Tickets to be

exchanged, &t,

Certificates to be

signed, dec.

Accountant-ge-

neral of the

Bank to give

Credit to the

Persons named

in Certificates

for Sums there-

in mentioned}

which may be

assigned ;

and shall carry 3

per Cent, ln-

lereft, &c.

CoTemor, 8cc. of

the Bark to ap-

po nt a Chief

C.ifhier and Ac-

countant-gene-

ral.

Monies to be if-

fied at the Ex-

chequer the

Chief C^thier,

for Payment of

Annuities cre-

Wcd by this Act.

C. 34. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776,

paid to the Person cr Persons who shall sue for the same 5 and every such Sale, Wager, or Contra&, and

every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XLIll. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall keep

any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal for receiving any Sum or Sums of

Money in Consideration of any Interest to be granted for the fame in any Ticket or Tickets in the said

Lottery, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then, and at the actual Time of drawing such Ticket

or Tickets, be possessed, or in Consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money to be repaid, in case any

Ticket, or Number of Tickets, in the said Lottery, which shall not then, and at the actual Time of

drawing the said Ticket or Tickets, be in the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall prove Fortunate

or Unfortunate; all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred

Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at Westminster, in which no Efloin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed ; one Moiety whereof to he for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcfl'ors, and the

other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and also shall suffer three

Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprise.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Offence against this Act, or

any of the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, flnll

be committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, to be inflicted in like

Manner as if the Offence \V2S committed in'this Kingdom ; and that such Penalties as by this Act, or any

of the said Acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at 1VeJlminJhry

shall, in case of Offences committed against this Act, or any of the said Acts, in Ireland, be recovered in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin.

* XLV. And, to the End that all and every the Payments upon the Fortunate Tickets may be more

* easily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the Persons who shall be and become intitled thereunto/

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, as soon as conveniently may be, after the Drawing

of the said Lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said Tickets to be given out as afore-

said, shall be exchanged for Certificates, to be signed by such of the said Managers as shall be appointed

for that Purpose.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the Com-

missioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint, to take in the said

Fortunate Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall, as soon as may be,

give Notice by Advertisement, to be printed and published in Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days

and Times for taking in the said Fortunate Tickets, and delivering out of the said Certificates for and in

lieu of the fame; and every Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to their bringing their

Tickets to the Managers so to be appointed forexchanging the fame; to which Purpose such Manager

shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, the Name of

every Person who shall bring any such Fortunate Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificate

or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Fortunate Ticket or Tickets which shall be so

brought, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of

our Lord, when the fame was so brought; which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be ap-

pointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned 10

peruse; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Managers so to be appointed, or the major Part of

them, and be directed to the Accountant-general of the Bank of England for the Time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat the said Accountant-general of the

Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall*

upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named

therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept, for the Principal Sums contained in every

such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book

or Books, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Succefl'ors, and Assigns, shall and may have

Power to assign or transfer the fame, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or

Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, whatsoever, in Books to be prepared and kept by the said Account-

ant-general ; and the said Principal Sums so assigned or transferred shall carry the said Annuity of three

Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock, transferable by virtue of this

Act, until the Redemption thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Accountant-general

of the Bank of England for the Time being i6 hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certifi-

cates as they shall from Time to Time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing

in the fame a Note under his Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the

said Book or Books, by reason or means of the Certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled, as afore-

said, and of the Annuities attending the fame.

4 XLVIII. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of* all the Annuities establiftied by this Aft/ be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

land, and their Successors, shall, from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities, after the Rate of three

Pounds per Centum per Annum^ shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or

Persons within their Office in- the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one

other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant-general *, and that so much of the

Monies, by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the

said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said

Monies, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the

High Treafuier for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, and&ob-

tained

