521

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C* 31;

effectually securing the Breed of Wild Fowl; as relates to the second Conviction of any Person or Persons

lor unlawfully coursing, hunting, taking in Tories, killing, wounding, or taking away, any Red or Fal-

low Deer, in any open or uninclosed Forest or Chace, or relates to beating or wounding Keepers or other

Officers in Forests, Ch;ices, or Parks; shall be, and the fame are hereby respectively repealed.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend

to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Covent-

gardeny applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes.

4 TT 7 HEREAS in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, a Contribution was

begun at the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden, towards the charitable Purpose of efhblishing a Fund,

4 for the Support of such Performers belonging to the said Theatre as, through Age, Infirmity, or Acci-

4 dent, should be obliged to retire from the Stage; and to the occasional Relief of Performers in case of

4 Sickness; and also to the Relief and Support of the Widows and Children of deceased Performers be-

4 longing to the said Theatre: And whereas, by the Profits arising from the voluntary Contributions of

the Performers belonging to the said Theatre, and others, and also by the Profits which have arisen from

.c some Plays acted for the Increase of the said Fund, a Capital, to the Amount of four thousand three

hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, is now in the Hands of certain Trustees applicable to the Purposes

4 aforesaid: To the End therefore that the said Fund, and the growing Produce thereof, may be effec-

4 tually secured and duly applied,’ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ensiled

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Subscribers to the said Fund for the Time being,

during such Time as he, she, or they respectively, shall pay to the fame, shall be, and are hereby de-

clared to be, one Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in Name, and shall be called by the Name

of The Society established for the Relief <tf indigent Persons belonging to the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden:

And by the fame Name shall have perpetual oucceflion, and a Common Seal; and that they and their

Successors, by the fame Name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered

unto, in all or any Courts or Court of Record, and Places of Judicature, within this Kingdom of Great

Britain; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to

have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain, for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every such Sum and

Sums of Money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any Time or Times here-

after, be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, to and for the Ends and Purposes herein before mentioned ;

and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without

Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

taments not exceeding the yearly Sum of five hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Thomas Hull, George Mat-

locks , Thomas Baker, John Dunjlall, Frederic Charles Reinhold, Robert Benjley, Matthew Clarke, Richard

Rotton, and William Thomas Lewis, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, a Committee for managing

the said Fund, until the thirty-first Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-six; and that the said Committee and their Successors, to be eledlcd in Manner

herein after mentioned, or the Majority of such Committee for the Time being, shall have full Power and

Authority, from Time to Time, todispose of the said Common Seal, and to alter or make new the fame,

and to direct the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, such and so many

Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, as to them, or the major Part of them, shall seem

necessary and convenient for the Appropriation of the said Fund, or touching, or in any wise concerning

the Affairs and Business of the said Society, and the fame Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regu-

lations, so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke,

change, and alter the fame, or any of them; which said Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regula-

tions, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed by the said Society, and every Member thereof,

provided the fame be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs, or Laws of this Kingdom, or

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

HI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, or the major Part of them, at a Meeting

assembled by virtue of this Act, may, and are hereby impowered to appoint aTreasurer or Treasurers,

and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and from Time to Time

remove any such Treasurer or other Officer or Officers, and appoint another or others in his or their

Stead, if they the said Committee shall think fit; and shall, and are hereby required to take such Security

from their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officers, as shall be adequate to the Trust reposed in him

or them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall meet together at fomc convenient Place,

in or near the said Theatre, on the aforesaid thirty-first Day of December, or within ten Days after, for

electing a Committee for the Year ensuing; and that, previous to such Election, the Names of all the

Committee for the Time being shall be written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all of an equal Size,

and rolled up in the same Manner, as near as may be, and be put into a Box, or iome other convenient

Receptacle, and shall be shaken together; after which some Person, not interested in such Election, shall

draw out the Names, one by one, until the Number remaining in the said Box or Receptacle fh ill be

3X2 reduced

This Act not

to extend to

Scotland.

Preamble*

Subscribers ia<5

corpirated.

Their Name,

and Powerl.

A Committee

appointed;

who tray alter

the Common

Seal, &c.

make Bye-lawt,

and appoint

Officers.

Officers to gi?e

Security.

First filrftion

of the Commit-

tee.

