A. D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. ‘ Ci 56. 107

For every Ship or Vessel trading between {he said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Island or Port or

Place of Europe to the Westward of UJhant9 without the Streights of Gibraltar, for every Ton, the Sum

of one Shilling and Three pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon HulU and every Port or Place

in the IVefl Indies, North or South America, Africa, Greenland, or any Place to the Eastward of the North

Cape of Norway, all Places within the Streights of Gibraltar, and all Islands and Places in the Ocean to

the Southward of Cape Saint Vincent^ not herein-before named, for every Ton, the Sum of one Shilling

and Nine-pence.

For every foreign Ship or Vessel coming to or going (with Merchandise) from any of the above-named

Ports or Places, Double the Rates, Tonage, or Duties, above-mentioned, unless the said Ships belong.

to British Owners.

For every Ship or Vessel failing Coastwise or otherways, and coming into the said Haven in Ballad to

belaid up, for every Ton (Coafhng-duty included), the Sum of Six-pence.

Which Rates or Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Dock Company as their own proper Rates vested m

Monies, and to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall be paid at the Company,

the Time of such Ships or Vessels Entry inwards, or Clearance or Discharge outwards ; or, in cale any

Ships or Vessels shall not enter as aforesaid, then, at any Time before such Ships or Vessels shall proceed

from the said Port, at the Custom-house in the said Port; so as no Ship or Vessel shall be subject or

liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, more than once for the fame Voyage,

both Out and Home, notwithstanding such Ship or Vessel may go out and return with a Loading of

Goods or Merchandise.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this *wP ,»*f

Act shall extend to charge any Ship or Vessel with the Rates or Duties aforesaid which shall be forced Enemy

into the said Port by the Enemy, or by receiving Damage at Sea, or otherwise, and shall in the fafd Port &c. nottobeh*.

discharge or unlade in order to repair any Damage luftained by such Ship or Vessel, and shall relade blctoRucu

the Goods and Merchandises so discharged or unladen, unlef3 such Ship or Vessel make use of the said

Dock or Bason.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall not extend to CoastingVvtrel*

charge any Ship or Vessel with the Rates or Duties aforesaid, or any Part thereof, which shall come or oot»opayr«n-

Coastwise, from or to any Port or Place in Great Britain, to or from any Place up the Rivers Trent or Jest lh«> £omc

uze9 within the Limits of the Port of Hull9 as now used, or to or from any other Place up the said lnt0 the Bason,

Rivers Trent or Ouxe9 or any other River which falls into the said Rivers, or either of them, or which

shall trade between any such rort or Place in Great Britain and any such Place as aforesaid, within or up

the said Rivers, or either of them, unless such Ship or Vessel shall come into or go out of the said Bason

or Dock, or any Part of the said Harbour or Haven called Hull Haven; or shall use the said Bason or

Dock, or Quays, within the said Harbour; or shall unlade or put on Shore, or lade or take on Board,

any Goods,Wares, or Merchandise, or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel, within any

Part of the River Humber; or to charge with the said Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, any such

Coasting Ship or Vessel which shall go into, or by the Officers of the Customs be called into, the said

Harbour or Haven, for the sole Purpose of being entered or cleared at the Customhouse there.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. That all Goods, Wares, and Merchan- wiurf*;e

dise, which shall be landed or discharged upon any of the Quays or Wharfs which shall be erected by

virtue of this Act, shall be liable to pay, and shall be charged and chargeable with the like Rates of

Wharfage and Payments as are usualiy taken or received for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, loaded

or discharged upon any Quays or Wharfs in the Port of London, and shall be paid to the respective Com-

pany, and Owners of the said Quays or Wharfs so to be erected as aforesaid, in like Manner as the Rates

and Duties established by this Act are hereby directed to be paid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships and Vessels trading or How Veflelf

coming to or from the said Port, or to or from any of the Ports and Places before mentioned, and liable

to the Payment of the Rates or Duties of Tonage by this Act imposed, shall be measured in Manner fol- *urc

lowing ; (that is to say,) The Length shall be taken on a straight Line, along the Rabbet of the Keel of

the Ship, from the Back of the Main Stern Post to a perpendicular Line from the Fore Part of the Main

Stem under the Bowsprit, from which fubtrading three-fifths of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be

efieemed the just Length of the Keel, to find the 1 onnage; and the Breadth shall be taken from the Out-

fide of the Outftde Plank, in the broadest Place of the Ship, be it either above or below the Main Wales,

exclusive of all Manner of doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship ; then mul-

tiplying the length of the Keel by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by half the Breadth, and di-

viding the Whole by ninety-four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonage; ac-

cording to which Rule the Tonage of all such Ships and Vessels shall be measured and ascertained. and

the several Rates or Duties of Tonage shall thereby be computed and collected accordingly ; any Custom,

Fradice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLyil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful for the Col- persons «u?fco,

lector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons authorised or deputed for that Purpose by the said rifed to go on

Company, to go on Board any Ship or Vessel within the said Port, to take the Dimensions of such Ship Boardtomci-

or Vessel in the Manner herein-before directed, and to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or sure*

Duties of Tonage, by this Act directed to be Daid for such Ship or Vessel; and upon Non-payment there- andcollcathe

of, such Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, shall and may seize and distrain every such Ship or Duties.

Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the lame

detain and keep, until the Rates or Duties due or payable on account thereof, and all Charges incurred by

F 2 such

