33°

Determinations

of the Justices to

be final.

How Expence*

of Prosecutioni

sre to be paid.

Proceeding* not

to be qoarshed for

Want of Form,

ndr removcahte

by Certiorari*

Ho Pfilatiff to

recover if Ten-

der of Amend*

be made*

limitation of

A&iaot*

Central Iffite,

Treble Cot*.

PebHck.Act

PreimMe,

ACX 13 Geo* UK

C. 44. Anno decimo quinto Gbobgh III. A.D. 1775-

by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering

the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the reason-

able Charges of every such Disti Vs and Sale 5 all which Determinations of the said Justices shall be final

and conclusive to all Parties concerned.

X^XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby

authorised and impowered* at any publick Meeting, front Time to Time, to appoint such Person or Per-

fons as they shall think fit effectually to carry on Prosecutions for Offences committed against this Act ;

and that in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted for any Offence committed

against this Act under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, as aforesaid, that then the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at some publick Meeting as

aforesaid, shall, out of the Monies arising by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, or

out of the Money that shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, allow and pay to the Prosecutor so

much as the Costs allowed by Law shall fall short of reimbursing him his just and reasonable Expences:

And that if any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Rule, or Order of Court, shall be brought, commenced,

prosecuted, or obtained, against any of the said Trustees, or any of their Collectors or other Officers, for

any Thing done or acted by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid,

in pursuance of this Act; that then, and in every such Cafe, the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, as aforesaid, shall, out of the Money arising by any of the Rates or Assessments to be made by

virtue of this Act, or out of the Money that {hall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, allow and pay to

such Trustee or Trustees, their Collectors or other Officers, all such reasonable Costs, Charge^ and Ex-

pences, as they, or any of them, shall or may sustain or be put unto by reason or means thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, judgment, or other Proceeding to

be had or made in pursuance of this Act, {hall be auashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be re-

moved or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at freftminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and when any

Distrcfs {hall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by thys Ad, the Distress itself shall not

be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or.Trespassers, on

account of any Want of Form in or Defedof the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress,

or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or

Trespassers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Par-

ties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for

the foecial Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXV. Provided alwkys, nevertheless. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for

any such Irregularity as aforesaid, Trefbafs, or other wrongful Proceeding, by virtue of this Act, if Ten-

der of Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall or may commit, or cause

to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding, before such Action

brought.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be

commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid

and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action or Suit may plead the General Iffiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any

Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And

if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited

for bringing the fame, or be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the

fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; ani<

shall be judicially taken Notice of at such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially.

pleading the same.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum

of' Moneys to he raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner an A

upon the Terms therein mentionedy for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of Eng-

land trading to the East Indies, as obliges the said Company to export annually Goods and

Merchandises of the Growth, Product, or Manufadui'e of Great Britain to their Settle-

ments in the East Indies to a certain Value.

r 1X7 HEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign

W of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Moneys to he raijed

1 by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for

€ the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by. which the said.

4 Company are required to export annually, during the Term of two Years, Goods and Merchandises,

of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain to the British Settlements within the Limits

prescribed by the said Company’s Charter, for their carrying on an exclufivn Trade in the East Indies*

G( ^le

