55°

Any Boat taking

a freth Turn,

after having 4Hot

her Seyne-net,

Ac.

Owner to fotfeit

io U

Stems at Earn

Crowxe, Pedn

Olver, and

Porthminster, to

be forfeited by

going to the

Southward of

Porthminster

Station, Ac*

Stem to be for-

feited by landing

the Warp-rope

in another Sta-

tion.

Dimensions of

the Seyoes,

Tow-rope, and

Warp-rope.

’Seyne to be

moored only

with forty Fa-

thoms, and

Seyne-anchort

to have but one

'Flook.

Clerk, or Re-

g.fter, by War-

rant, may enter

any Boat to

measure the

Warp-ropes and

Mooring^ropes,

Ac.

Bxpences of

meafciring, how

t» be paid.

Penalty on ob-

flru£>ing the

Entry of the

Cleik, Ac.

C. 36. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Boat, that hath taken Turn or Stem upon any of the

aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, within the Time and according to the Directions herein before for

that Purpose limited and $>iven, shall have (hot put her Scyne-net, such Boat shall not take any fre/h Turn

or Stem upon any other btem or Station, until her said Seyne-net so (hot as aforesaid shall be taken out

of the Water; and in case any Boat, having (bother Seyne-net as aforesaid, shall take any fresh Turn or

Stem upon any other Stem or Station, before her said Seyne is taken out of the Water, the Owner or

Owners of such Boat shall, upon Conviction of such Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Wit-

nefs or Witnesses, before any fuchTuftice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence,

the Sum of ten Pounds, and the Turn or Stem so taken contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Act shall be void, and no Benefit or Advantage had or taken therefrom; but that all Fish that shall be

taken by such Boat and Seyne shall belong to and be the Property of the Owner or Owners of the Bolt

and Seyne intitled to such Turn and Stem.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Boats, holding or having taken Turn or Stem

(within the Time and according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose limited and given) at

Earn Crotvze, Pedn OIvery or Porthminster Stems, shall pass the Limits of Porthminster Stem or Station to

the Southward, with a Seyne-net on Board, every such Boat shall forfeit the Turn or Stem which (he

thentofore had upon either of the aforesaid several Stems and Stations of Earn Crowze, Pedn Olvcr, and

Porthminster; and also, that if any Boat or Boats, holding or having taken Turn or Stem upon any of the

said fix several Stems or Stations, within the Time, and according to the Directions herein before for that

Purpose limited and given, shall land or put on Shore the Warp-rope belonging to her Seyne-net, within

the Limits of any other Stem or Station than that upon which such Boat or Boats had originally taken

Turn or Stem, the Turns or Stems first taken by such Boat or Boats shall be forfeited thereby.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Dimensions of the Seyne-nets, to intitle any Boat or Boats

to hold or take a Turn or Stem as aforesaid, shall be as follows; that is to say. Every such Seyne-net is

to measure one hundred and eighty Fathoms at the lead at the Cork-rope of such Seyne, and to have one

hundred and forty Fathoms (Part of the said one hundred and eighty Fathoms) Cod or Dungawon Mdb,

and to measure nine Fathoms at the lead at the Beam or Bunt, and fix Fathoms at the lead in Depth, ac

the Poles or Ends of the said Seyne (each of the said Fathoms to be computed after the Rate of five Feet

to the Fathom), and to have a Tow-rope not less than eighty Fathoms, and a Warp-rope not less than

three hundred and twenty Fathoms, each of the said last-mentioned Fathoms to be computed after the

Rate of fix Feet to the Fathom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mooring*rope to be bent or fattened to any Anchor, and used

in mooring any Seyne-net or Nets, within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations,

shall exceed forty Fathoms in Length, to be computed after the Rate of fix Feet to the Fathom ;* and that

all Anchors to be used in mooring Seynes, within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or

Stations, shall have one Flook only; and that if any Seyne shall hereafter be moored, within the Limits

of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, with any Anchor having two Flooks, or with any

Rope longer than forty Fathoms, to be computed after the Rate aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of every

such Seyne, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es,

before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of* ten Pounds for every such

Offence.

4 XIV. And, for the better discovering if any Warp-ropes or Mooring-ropes of an improper Length,

and contrary to the Directions herein before in that Behalf given, are made use of by any Persons cm-

4 ployed in the said Pilchard-fishery, within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations

be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person for the Time being appointed

Clerk or Register to the said Fishery, in Manner hereafter mentioned, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seal of such Justice of Peace as aforesaid (who is hereby required and directed from Time to Time to issue

fuchWarrant, at the Reaued of any Owner or Owners of any Seyne-net or Nets employed in the said

FiQiery desiring the fame) 5 and all Persons who shall be specially named in such Warrant, at any Time

to enter into any Seyne-boat employed in the said Pilchard-fishery, within the Limits of any of the fiid

fix several Stems or Stations aforesaid, and then and there immediately to measure all or any of the Warp-

ropes and Mooring-ropes belonging to any Seyne-net or Nets then on board such Boat (unless such Seyne-

net or Nets shall happen to be at that Time in the Water; in which Cafe the said Clerk or Register, and

the other Persons named in such Warrant, are hereby authorised and directed to remain on board such

Boat, until such Seyne-net or Nets shall be taken out of the Water, and then immediately to measure all

or any of the Warp-ropes and Mooring-ropes belonging to the fame), and report the exact Lengths of the

said Warp-ropes or Mooring-ropes, or such of them as shall be then measured, to the Justice of Peace

granting such Warrant as aforesaid, in order to convict or acquit the Person or Persons charged with such

Offence: And it is hereby directed, that the reasonable Expences, for the Time and Trouble of the said

Clerk or Register, and the Persons specially named in such Warrant, employed in taking such Admea-

furement, to be settled by the Justice of Peace granting such Warrant, shall be paid and borne by the

Owners of the said Seyne-net or Nets, if the Warp-ropes or Mooring-ropes, or any of them, belonging

to such Net or Nets, shall appear to be of an improper Length, and contrary to the Directions herein

before in that Behalf given, over and above the Penalty herein before annexed to such Offence; or other-

wife by the Person at whose Request such Warrant was granted and issued.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder the said Clerk

or Register for the Time being, or any of his Aflistants named in such Warrant, from entering such Boat

or Boars, or in m^afuring all or any of the Warp-rop:s or Mooring-ropes of the Seyne-net or Nets be-

longing to such Boat or Boats, the Person or Persons so offending thertin shall, for every such Offen :e,

4 forfeit

