186

The Oath.

Personi refuting

thfe Oath to be

subject to the

Penalties by Act

I Eliz.

HU Majesty’s

Canadian Sub-

jects (religious

Orders excepted)

may hold all

their Poflef-

lion», See. and in

Matters of Con-

trOTerfy, Resort

may be had to

the Lawe of

Canada for the

Decihon.

Not to ex’end to

Lands granted

by his Majesty

In common

Soccape.

Owners of

Goods may alie-

nate the fame

by Will, See.

if executed ac-

cording to the

LawsofCanada.

Criminal Law of

England to be

continued in the

Province.

His Majesty may

appoint a Coun-

cil for the Af*

faiis of the Pro-

vince

which Council

may make Ordi-

nances, with

Confeot of the

Governor.

The Council

are not ini pow-

ered tn lay

Taxe*. publick

Reads or Build-

ings excepted.

C. 83. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. . A. D. 1774.

* T A- B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Ma-

* 1 jesty King George, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power, against all traitorous Confpi-

4 racies, and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown, and Dignity; and I

4 will do my utmost Endeavour to dificlofe and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all

4* Treasons, and traitorous Conspiracies, and Attempts, which I shall know to be against him, or any of

4 them ; and all this I do swear without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation, and

4 xenouncing all Pardons and Dispensations from any Power or Person whomsoever to the contrary.

4 So help me GO D/

And every such Person, who shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oath before mentioned, shall incur and

be liable to the fame Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, and Incapacities, as he would have incurred and

been liable to for neglecting or refusing to take the Oath required by the said Statute passed in the first

Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all his Majesty’s Canadian Subjects

within the Province of Q'uebec, the religious Orders and Communities only excepted, may also hold and

enjoy their Property androfleftions, together with all Customs and Usages relative thereto, and all other

their Civil Rights, in as large, ample, and beneficial Manner, as if th^said Proclamation,iCommissions,

Ordinances, and other Acts and Instruments, had not been made, and as may consist with their Alle-

giance to his Majesty* and Subjection to the Crown* and Parliament of Great Britain; and that in all

Matters of Comroversy, relative to Property and Civil Rights, Resort shall be had to the Laws of Ca-

nada, as the Rule for the Decision of the fame; and all causes that shall hereafter be instituted in any of

the Courts of Just ice, to be appointed within and for the said Province by his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceflors, shall, with respect to such Property and Rights, b$ determined agreeably to the said Laws and

Customs of Canada, until they shall be varied or altered by any Ordinances that shall, from Time to

Time, be passed in the said Province by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief,

for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council of the fame, to be

appointed in Manner herein after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Lands that have been granted by his Majesty, or shall hereafter be granted by his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, to be holden in free and common Soccage.

X. Provided also, That it shall anid may be lawful to and for every Person that is Owner of any Lands,

Goods, or Credits, in the said Province, and that has a Right to alienate the said Lands, Goods, or Cre-

dits, in his or her Life-time, by Deed of Sale, Gift, or otherwise, to devise or bequeath the fame at his

or her Death, by his or her la ft Will and Testament; any Law, Usage, or Custom, heretofore or now

prevailing in the Province, to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding ; such Will being executed

cither according to the Laws of Canada, or according to the Forms prescribed by the Laws of England.

4 XL And whereas the Certainty and Lenity of the Criminal Law of England, and the Benefits and

4 Advantages resulting from the Use of it, have been sensibly felt by the Inhabitants, from an Experience

4 of more than nine Years, during which it has been uniformly administered be it therefore, further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the fame shall continue to be administered, and shall be ob-

served as Law in the Province of Quebec, as well in the Description and Quality of the Offence as in the

Method of Prosecution and Trial; and the Punishments and Forfeitures thereby inflicted to the Exclu-

(ion of every other Rule of Criminal Law, or Mode of Proceeding thereon, which did or might prevail in

the said Province before the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; any Thing in

this Act to the contrary thereof in any respect notwithstanding; subjeS nevertheless to such Alterations

and Amendments as the Governor, Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time be-

ing, by and with the Advice and Consent of the r giflative Council of the said Province, hereafter to be

appointed, shall, from Time to Time, cause to be made therein, in Manner herein-after directed.

4 XII. And whereas it may be necessary to ordain many Regulations for the future Welfare and good

4 Government of the Province of Quebec, the Occasions of which cannot now be foreseen, nor, without

* much Delay and Inconvenience, be provided for, without intruding that Authority, for a certain Time,

4 and under proper Restrictions, to Persons resident there: And whereas it is at present inexpedient to

4 call an AffembJy be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful

for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Signet or Sign Manual, and with

the Advice of the Privy Council, to constitute and appoint a Council for the Affairs of the Province of

Quebec, to consist of such Persons resident there, not exceeding twenty-three, nor less than seventeen, as

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to appoint; and, upon the Death, Removal, or

Absence of any of the Members of the said Council, in like Manner to constitute and appoint such and

so many other Person or Persons as shall be necessary to supply the Vacancy or Vacancies ; which Coun-

cil, so appointed and nominared, or the major Part thereof, shall have Power and Authority to make Or-

dinances for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government, of the said Province, with the Consent of his

Majesty’s Governor, or, in his Absence, of the Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the

Time being. ^

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise or impower the

said legislative Council to lay any Taxes or Duties within the said Province, such Rates and Taxes only

excepted as the Inhabitants of any Town or DistriCt within the said Province may be authorised by the

said Council to assess, levy, and apply, within the said Town or DistriCt, for the Purpose of making

Roads, ereflingand repairing publick Buildings, or for any other Purpose respecting the local Conveni-

ence and Oeconomy of l’uch Town or District.

XIV. Provided

