A, I>. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii IN. C. 66.

ic belonging to Birmingham Canal Navigation. Certain Waters that may be taken. Proprietors to crest

44 a Flood Weir for conveying superiluous Water to the New Pool. Breadth of Canal, Use. reflri&ed,

44 Proprietors may take Water from Mines; and make Reservoirs, Trenches, Use. Owners of Firb-

44 engines, Use. to lift their Water into the Canal; the additional Expence whereof to be defrayed by

44 the Company. Penalty on Owners of Fire-engines refusing or neglecting, after proper Notice. Bodies

44 Politic, be. impowered to sell and convey Lands. Where Lands shall be separated into small Parcels

44 by making the Canal, Bodies Politic, be. may sell the same. Bodies Politic, Use. indemnified for

44 what they shall do by virtue of this ACT Contracts, Use. to be inrolled by the Clerks of the Peace, and

44 admitted as Evidence. Commissioners appointed; Commissioners Powers. If the Company of Pro*

‘4 prietors, or Persons interested in Lands, be- shall refuse to submit to the Determination of Commis-

44 sioners, or shall be dissatisfied with the fame, Use. a Jury to be impannelled. Jurymen may be chal-

44 lenged, and Witnesses examined. Verdict of Jury, and Judgment of Commissioners, (hill be binding

44 on all Persons. Sheriff or Coroner making Default, to forfeit to I. and Jurymen or Witnesses, $7.

44 Expences of Juries by whom to be paid. Persons requeuing Juries to fenter into Bond to prosecute, be.

44 Application relating to Dama ges to be made to Proprietors before Complaint to Commissioners. Penalty

44 on giving false Evidence. Upon Payment or Tender of Monies agreed on, Use. Proprietors to enter on

44 Lands, be. and make Canal. Verdicts, Judgments, Use. to be transmitted to the Clerk of the

44 Peace, and allowed good Evidence. On Payment of Money, and Entry of Verdicts, Use. Lands and

44 Tenements to be veiled in the Company of Proprietors Purchase-monies to be paid to Bodies Politic,

44 Use. to be laid out to the same Uses; and, till such Purchases shall be made, to be placed out at Interest.

f4 Commissioners to settle Proportion of Money to be paid to Persons interested. In Default of Payment

44 of Damages, how they may be recovered. If Costs and Damages not paid within four Months,

44 to be levied by Distress. Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in a Book. Commissioners may

44 appoint a Clerk. Penalty on Persons damaging or destroying the Works. Proprietors may raise

4‘ 7,000 /. Application thereof. Money when raised to be divided into 70 Shares; which shall be deemed*.

44 personal Estate. No one Person to have more than five Shares. Subscribers to be paid 5 per Cent, till

44 the Works are completed Subscribers to have a Vote for each Share, either in Person or by Proxy.

44 Proprietors may raise a farther Sum of 5000l. if necessary. New Subscribers to be eaually interested

44 with the original ones. At what Times General Assemblies are to be held. At first Meeting a Conv-

44 mittee of nine Proprietors to be chosen. Any five Proprietors may call a special Meeting. Committee

44 subject to Controul of General Assembly, Use Company’s Officers not to lerve on Committees. Books

44 of Account to be kept, &c. If any General Assembly consists of less than 23 Shares, a new one to

44 meet on that Day 3 Weeks Penalties on Absentees from second Meeting. Power of General AflTem-

*4 blies and Committees. Owners of Shares to pay their Proportions of Money called for, on Penalty of

44 5 /. for every 100l. and if not paid within 2 Months, Shares to be forfeited. Shires not to be forfeited

44 without personal Notice, Use. Treasurer to give Security. Security to be inrolled with the Clerk of

44 the Peace, Use General Assemblies may remove Committee Men, and Officers, and make Bye-laws.

44 Offenders against Bye-laws, Uic. may be fined not exceeding $ /. In case of Death of Subscriber, Ex-

44 ecutors, Use. may answer Calls, or in Default, Shares may be drfposed of Purchasers to pay Execu—

44 tors, Use. the Sums paid by deceased Owners. Proprietors may fell their Shares: Mode, of doing it.

No Sale of Shares pending Calls. Proprietors to appoint a Clerk; who shall, in a Book, enter the

44 Names and.Places of Abode of Proprietors, Use. who may insped the fame, at all convenient Time$,v

44 jgatis* Penalty on Clerk for Refusal. Proprietors impowered to take Rates, not exceeding 6 d. per

44 Ton. If Rates not paid on Demand, Company may sue for the same; or Persons appointed to receive'

44 them may distrain Vessel or Goods Further Rates to be taken in certain Cafes. Certain Things ex-

44 empted from the Rates; provided they do not pass through any Lock when the Water does not flow

44 over the Lock-weir. Persons damaging the Canal, to make Satisfaction for the fame. Proprietors may

44 alter Rates from Time to Time. No Reduction of the Rates to take Place without Consent of the

44 Commissioners. Masters of Boats, Use. to give an Account in Writing to the Collectors of Goods on

44 Board. Penalty on not giving a true Account, Use. What to be deemed a Ton of Timber, Use. Col-

44 leCtors may weigh or measure Goods Who to pay the Expences of weighing, £5ic. Navigation to be

44 free on Payment of Tolls. Proviso, relating to small Vessels. Owners of adjoining Lands may use

44 Pleasure-boats. Company to make Drains, Use. for Lands adjoining; and Watering-places for Cattle.

44 If Company neglect, after a Month’s Notice, to make or cleanse Arches, Drains, Use. Occupiers of

4t Lands may do it; who shall be reimbursed by the Company Towing-paths to be fenced from the ad-

44 joining Lands. Company not to make the Canal, or any Trench, Use. across any Highway, till they

44 have made proper Bridges, Arches, Use. If Company neglect, for 3 Months after the Time appointed

44 by the Commissioners, to separate the Towing-paths, or to erect Gates, Bridges, Use. Occupiers of

44 adjacent Lands may do it; who shall be reimbuifed by the Company. If Company make Default in

44 Payment, the Charge to be levied by Distress, Use. In case of Company’s Failure to repair Rails,.

44 Hedges, Use. Land-owners may do it; and may recover the Charges as before mentioned. Coals, Use.

44 to be found in digging the Canal, may be taken by Proprietors of Lands. Soughs may be made to

44 drain Mines, Use. Proprietors of Mines, Use. not to dig under any Tunnel, or within 20 Yards there-

44 of, without Consent of Proprietors; nor to dig for Coal, Lime-stone, Use. within 12 Yards of the Ca-

44 nal, or Reservoirs* Method of working Mines under Canal, Use. Method of discovering when Mines

41 are working contrary to this ACT How the Company to proceed in such Cafe. Owners of Mines

4* lying under the Canal, Use. being desirous of working the fame, mult apply to the Company for their

44 Perrpiflion; who, if they refuse, mult make Compensation to the Owners. If Parties cannot agtte,

44 Commissioners or Jury to settle the Dispute. Owner^ of Coal-mines, Use. within 1,000 Yards of the

44 Canal, may make Railways for conveying their Coals, Use, to the Canal, making Satisfaction for Da-

Vol. Xii. 4 N 44 mages.

