A.D. 1775.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 43.

3*9

Perform cn’ermf

into Contrafts,

and nor fulfilling

the hme, Isay

fcefecd.

Lampe, ire,

verted in the

Trustees,

All Bu fine fa t»

he done at puh*

lick Meetings*

more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, for such re-

spective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of any of the Rates or Assessments which shall

be made, raised, or collected by virtue of this A#.

XXIV* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who

shall enter into such Contract with the said Trustees for performing any of the Works before mentioned,

and who shall not well and sufficiently perform the fame according to the true Tenor and Meaning of such

Contract or Contracts, or shall not finish and complete the Work within the Time or Times that the

lame is agreed to be completed by the said Contract or Contra#s; that then it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in the Names of any two or more of them, to

bring an Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, against-any Person or

Persons so contracting as aforesaid, and who shall neglect to perform such Contract or Contracts* and for

any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained In any such Contract or Contracts* and on proving the

signing such Contract or Contracts, and Nonperformance thereof, the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, shall be intitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, and the fame, when recovered,

shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Right and Pro-

perty of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, and other Furniture thereof, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of

this Act, shall be and the fame are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any five or more of

them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the

Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Cafe shall require),

against any Person or Persons who shall break, spoil, injure, damage, (leal, take, or carry away, any of

the said Lamps, Lamp-irons, or other Furniture.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, are impowered to do any Ad whatsoever by virtue of this Act, the fame shall be done at some pub-

lick Meeting of the said Trustees to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and whenever

it shall happen at any such Meeting that there shall be an Equality of Votes of the said Trustees then pre-

sent, the Chairman in every such Cafe shall have the casting Vote.

XXVII. Provided always. That two Trustees shall be sufficient to meet for the Purpose of Adjourn- TwoTreflew

ment only: And in case it shall at any Time happen that no Adjournment of the Trustees shall be made may adjourn,

according to the Directions of this Act 5 that then, and in every such Cafe, as often as it shall.so happen, it *!ow to pfocee*

shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to meet at any House or Place jncafeof no Ad*

within the said Hamlet, ten Days-Notice in Writing being first affixed upon the Chapel Door of the said Journn‘enu

Hamlet, appointing the Time and Place of such Meeting; and the said^Trustees, or any five or more of

them, shall and they are hereby authorised and impowered to meet pursuant to such Notice, and shall pro-

ceed to the Execution of this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time adjourn to such Time and Place

as they shall think fit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful -for any Trustee appointed, or Trtffteejfrtioir*

to be appointed, to put this Act in Execution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the; £7,1?

County of Middlesex, to act as a Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, for .putting in Execution the

several Powers and Authorities granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Trustee.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and

take place upon the second Monday next after the passing thereof.

XaX. And be it further enacted. That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment,

Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money,

or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with

any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act Imposed or incurred,

for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed, shall be levied and

recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and

Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; which Warrants such Justices are

heceby impowered and required to issue upon the Information of one or more Witness or Witness'es upon

Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer-without Fee or Re-

* ward); and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) upon

Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrahied and fold, the Charges of

such Distress and Sale being first deduded, shall go and be applied to and fqr such of the Purposes of this

Ad as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think fit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, he, (he, or

they shall notwithstanding be obliged to pay such Rate or Assessment, and then upon an Appeal to the

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, next after the Pay-

ment of such Rate or Assessment, or next after making the Distress for such Rate or Aflcilrnent (fourteen

Days Notice of such Appeal having been given to the said Trustees), it shall and may be lawful for the

Justices of the Peace, or the major. Part of them then aficmbJed, to cause so much Money to be returned

to the Appellant or Appellants as shall appear to the said Justices to have been overpaid by such Appellant

or Appellants respectively, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order (lull

be final and conclusive to all Parties ; and also if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves

aggrieved determined by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, he, (he, or they may appeal as aforesaid-,

within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and it shall and mny be lawful

for the said Justices, or the major Part of them assembled in such Sessions, to hear and determine the Mat-

ter of every such Appeal, and to make ffich Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Dif-

cretion shall seem rcaionable $ and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded

Vol. XII. ~ U u

VjOvDQIC

as such, for the

Purposes of *his

Act,

Commencement

of the Act.

Writings not TO

be charged with

Sump duty.

How Pens Hies

and Forfeiture*

may be recovered

and applied.

Perfjiw aggrie*

ed may appeal tt

the Quarter Sef»

fiow.

