622

In case of Non-

payment of Du-

nes at Liver-

pool, t \ e Mayor,

&c. may fciie

T.ickie, Furni-

ture, 6c c.

A ppUcaUon of

the'Moaey to be

to* rowed, &c.

Cfinlent of the

Ccporation of

T rinlty-house,

4:r. rrav ahfi or

remove Light-

houses.

Penalty en ne-

ple^.in^ to keep

+\re

Trnfleei may

ert*f> Land-

marks, &c.

Trupees nriy

place Buoys.

C. 6r. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or for their Receiver, or other Person or Persons to be

appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by virtue of this Act, either with or with-

out any Warrant from the Mayor of the City of Chester, or any other Justice of the Peace for the County

of rhe fame City, in preference to, and notwithstanding any Right of Hypothecation, Attachment, Ar-

reftment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any Persons whomsoever, to Seize any of the

Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, and the fame todetain and

keep until the Duties payable for such Ship or Vessel shall be paid and satisfied \ and in cafeof any Ntglect

or Delay in Payment of the said Duties, for the Space of three Days next after such Seizure, then it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or their Receiver or Re-

ceivers of the said Duties, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Trustees by

virtue of this Act, tocause the said Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, so seized and detained, to be sold,

and out of the Money arising by such Sale to farisfy the Duties so due and unpaid, with the Charge of such

seizing, detaining, and felling, as the fame shall be ascertained and fixed by the said Trustees, or any

five of them, rendering to the Matter, Owner, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel

reflectively, the Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand.

XXIV. And be-it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner, Matter, or any

other Person having or taking upon himl’elf, or appearing to have or take, the Command or Charge of

any Ship or Ships, Vessel or VeflTels, which shall arrive at the Port of Liverpool, and be charged with the

said Duties, {ball refute to pay the fame, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Mayor of the Borough of Liverpool for the Time being, or his Deputy, or any one Justice of the

Peace of the fame Borough, upon Complaint made before him by the Receiver or Receivers, or other

Person or Persons appointed to receive the said Duties at the said Port of Liverpool, to iflu out a Warrant

to seize any Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Snip or Vessel, and the fame

to detain and keep until the said Duties payable for such Ship or Vend fti.ti] be paid and satisfied ; and in

case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Duties, for the Space of three Days next after such

Seifure, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receivers of the Lid Duties for the Time

being to cause the said Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, so seized, to be sold, and out of the Money

arising by such Sale to satisfy the Duties so due and unpaid, with the Charge of such seizing, detaining,

and felling, as the fame shall be ascertained and fixed by the Mayor of the said Borough of' Liverpool for

the Time being, or his Deputy, or such one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, rendering to the Matter,

Owner, or Agent, of such Ship or Vessel, the Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by and out of the Monies that shall be so taken up by

way of Loan or Mortgage as aforesaid, and by and out of the said Duties herein before granted, in the

first Place, to pay, satisfy, and discharge, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of applying for, ob-

taining, and passing, this present Act of Parliament* and all the necessary Expences preparatory and re-

lating thereto ; and after Payment and Satisfaction thereof, then to pay all just and reasonable Charges of

•crefting, maintaining, and supporting, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses so to be erected as aforesaid,

and the Fire or other Lights to be kept therein, together with all other Charges relating thereto that shall

be proper and necessary for executing the Trusts of this Act, and the Interest of all such Sums of Money

as shall be so borrowed and taken up by way of Mortgage, from the respective Times of advancing such

Monies, until they shall be respectively repaid and reimbursed, with the Charges of collecting and recover-

ing the Duties aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at aqy of their General Quarterly

Meetings (by and with theConfent and Approbation of the said Corporation of Trinity-boute, and of the

Mayor of Liverpool for the Time being, and of the Trustees for the Docks, Lights, andf Harbour, of

Liverpool, or any seven or more of them for the Time being, but not otherwise) to alter, remove, or take

down, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, so to be erected on the Point of Air, and at or near Prejlatyn

aforesaid, or either of them, and to erect and build the fame again in any other Part or Place at or near

the said Point of Air, or at or near Prejlatyn aforesaid, as the Shifting or Alteration of the Banks and

Channels may require.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, appoint-*

ed or to be appointed by the said Trustees to attend any Lighthouse or Lighthouses that shall be erected in

pursuance of this Act, shall neglect to keep and shew forth good and sufficient Fires and Lights during

the Whole of the several Periods of Time by this Act limited and described for that Purpose, every Per-

son so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Trustees appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and

impowered at any Time hereafter {when the Fund arising from the Duties herein before granted, or any

voluntary Subversions shall enable them) to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, one or

more Lnnomarks within the Tov/nships of 'ThurJListon and Caldy in the County of Chester, or in any

other proper Place or Places within the said Port of Chester; and the fame Trustees, or any five or more

of thtm, are hereby impowered to survey, mark, set out, and take, such and so much Land or Ground

as (hill be necessary for the erecting and building such Landmarks, and also to set out proper Roads to the

fame, they the said Trustees making a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Land on

which such Landmarks {hall be so erected, and for such proper Roads as aforesaid i the fame to be afeer-

tained, settled, and adjusted, in Manner aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or

more of them, may and they arc hereby authorised to lay and fix Buoys in proper Places upon Chester~bar%

and

v^ooooie

