A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 26.

479

II. And be it further ena£led, That when any of the said Trustees, herein named or hereafter to be

elected, {hall die, resign, or ref'use to aor {hall remove out of the Limits of this Act, or otherwise shall

become disqualified to athat then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, it'shall and may be lawful for the

surviving or remaining Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, from Time to

Time to elect and appoint one other fit Person reflding within the Limits of this Act to be a Trustee, in

the Stead o( every Trustee so deceased, resigning, refusing to act, removing, or becoming any~wife dif-

qualified as aforesaid ; and every such Person, so from Time to Time elected and appointed, shall be joined

with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to

all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample Manner as if such Person had been particularly named and

appointed in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Cafe in the Exe-

cution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his acting therein, he shall be resident within the Limits of this

Act, and shall be seised in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Post'ellion or Re-

ceipt of Rents and Profits of a real Estate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds

above Reprifcs; or unless such Person {hall rent or occupy Tenements or Hereditaments within the said

Villages, or either of them, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds: And if any Person or PersonS hereby

made incapable to act, shall presume to act in the Trusts aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at Westminster, and every Person so prosecuted, or against whom such Action shall be brought, shall prove

that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise {hall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof given on

the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the

Execution of this Adl; and the Money to be recovered in such Action {hall, after Payment of the Costs

and Expences attending such Action, be applied to the Purposes of this Adl.

IV. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby au-

thorifed and impowered to meet at the Golden Lion in Camberwell, on the third Monday next after the

passing of this Adl, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Adl; and shall then, and from Time to

Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, 'and meet there, or at such other Place or Places within the said

Villages of Camberwell or Peckhamy as she said Trustees, or any five or more of them, mall think most

convenient, as often as it {hall be necessary for putting this Adl in Execution.

V. Ancfbe it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised

and impowered to cause the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within

the said Villages of Camberwell and Peckhamy and likewise the several Roads herein after mentioned and

described, to be properly lighted and watched ; (that is to say,) The Road from the North End of the said

Parish of Camberwell next the Turnpike at IValvjorth to the Village of Camberwell aforesaid ; and also a

Road called Coal Harbour Lane> leading from Camberwell aforesaid to a Place called Coal Harbour, in the

said Parish of Lambeth y and also the Road leading from the South End of Camberwell aforesaid to a House

known by the Name of The Fox under the Hilly and also the Road leading from Camberwell aforesaid to the

Village of Peckham aforesaid, and from the said Village of Peckham to the East End of the said Parish of

Camberwell; and also any other Road or Place, situate or being within the Distance of a Furlong from the

Sides of any of the Roads herein before mentioned and described within the said Parishes, whereon there

now are, or may hereafter be, any Houses or Buildings erected or built.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Adl contained {hall be construed to compel the said Trustees

to light or watch any of the Places within the Limits aforesaid, called Little Orchard Rowy and Smith's

Rowy or beyond thzGrovc-house, in Grove-laney Camberwell, or certain Places called Dowdals, otherwise

Dowlas-lane y Winchcfler-yard, and Cow-walk, or beyond the House of Isaac Heaton Esquire in South-street,

and the House of Elizabeth Shard in Shard's Laney in the said Village of Peckhamy or the Road beyond

the House in the Occupation of Barnard Turner\ called The Mnce-pie-house, on the South Side of the said

Lane, leading to Coal Harbour from Camberwell aforesaid; or the Road beyond the House in the Occu-

pation of James Mill, leading from Camberwell aforesaid to Dulwich y or the Road beyond the House in

the Occupation of Thomas Hodgfony at the East End of Peckham aforesaid, unless the said Trustees, or any

five or more of them, shall at any Time hereafter think it necessary and proper that those Places, or any

Part or Parts thereof, £hould be lighted and watched. s

"VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees {hall cause all their Proceedings relating to the

Execution of this Adl from Time to Time to be entered in a Book to be kept by them Tor that rurpose,

and may (if they {hall think fit) appoint a Clerk or Clerks for that Purpose ; and the said Trustees, or any

fiVe or more of them, may also from Time to Time appoint such Collector or Collectors, and such other

Officer or Officers as they {hall think proper to employ in the Execution of this Adl; and {hall and may

from Time to Time make such Allowances to all such Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, for their

Trouble and Attendances in the Execution of this Adl, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them,

shall, at any of their General Meetings, from Time to Time think fit; and {hall and may also (if they

think fit) appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Receipt of the Money to be raised and collected by

the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Adl; and every such Treasurer or Treasurers, so to

be appointed, is and are hereby directed and required to account to the said Trustees, at the End of every

three Months (or oftener, if required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them), for all Monies

by him or them received and disbursed by virtue of this Adl, and to pay such Money as upon the said Ac-

count {hall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees,

£*t any five or more of them, {hall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the several and

refoedlive Uses and Purposes for which the fame {hall be raised or levied.

VIII. Provided always. That the said Trustees {hall take such Security from their Treasurer or Trea-

furers, and other Officers, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees, or any

Vol. XII. 3 Q. five

When Trupees

dte, or refnlc to

aft, See. otheis

to be chosen.

Qualification of

Trustees.

Penalty on Per-

fons acting if

not qualified.

Time and Plait

ofthefirft Meet-

ing of Trustee*.

Street*, Square*,

Roads, dec. to be 1

lighted and

watched.

Trustee* not

compellable ta

light or watch

certain Placet*

Trustees may

appoint Officer*,

and make them

Allowances for

their Trouble.

Treasurer to

account every

three Months.

Officer* to give

Security.

