456

How the Bridge

(bail be fated.

Commencement

of this A&,

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

P*»ti«s.af grieved

may appeal to

the Quarter Scf-

£•□;

giving tea Days

Notice*

Determination

of Justice* to be

final.

Proceedings to

he entered in

Books,

which may be

nead in Evi-

dence.

Penalty on ob-

firoding Paf-

fiiget.

Treasurer, fcc.lo

give Receipts for

ail Money re*

flcived*

and to answer

Demands of

Trusteetv

Officers-to be-

answerable for

their S^oilitutes..

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. ' A. D. 1776.

Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall and may, in his own Name, sue for such Damage

or Trespafs in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be rated or assessed to the Payment

of any public or parochial Rate or Tax whatsoever at any other or higher Rate or Value than the said Ferry

called Benthall Ferry stood rated for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, nor {hall the

said Bridge be deemed a County Bridge, so as to subject the County of Salop to the Repair or Support of

the fame.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers hereby given and granted {hall commence and

take Effect upon the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six ; and all Penalties and

Forfeitures hereby inflicted, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is npt otherwise by this Act

particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace

for the said County of Salop, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, «or by* the Knowledge

of such Justice, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is

hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied by Distress and Sale of

the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal

of such Justice (which Warrant he is hereby impowered and required to grant) ; and the Overplus (if any

be) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deduced, shall be

returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and For-

feitures, when paid or levied, {hall, from Time to Time (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this

Act), be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Treasurer, and applied to the Purposes of this Act ;

and in case fufRcient Distress {hall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures {hall not be forthwith

paid, it {hall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and

Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol of the said County of

Salop ior any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless such Penalties and

Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, {hall be sooner paid and facisfied.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall think himselforherfelf aggrieved

by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (and for. which no particular Method of Relief is hereby

otherwise given), such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of

the Peace to be held for the County of Salop, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint

{hall hfive arisen ffuch Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, ten Days Notice at the ieatt in

Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or

Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within three Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance

before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fudi

Appeal at, and abide the Order of, the said Session) ; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of

fuen Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the,

Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may by their Order mitigate at their

Discretion all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or vacate and set aside any Conviction or Con-

viftions (but not for Want of Form only), or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, and award such

Costs as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Section shall be binding,

and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and {hall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or other

Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record,

XXXVII* And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees {hall be en-

tered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and the fame being signed by any three or more of.

them, or by their Clerk, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and such Book or Books) and

also the Book or Books herein before directed to be kept for entering the Mortgages or Assignments of the

Tolls hereby made payable, and Transfers of such Assignments, mall and may be produced and read in

Evidence in all Cafes of Appeals, and in all Suits or Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in

pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thatif any Person or Persons whomsoever {hall place or fiiffer

any Carriage whatsoever to stand or remain on the said Bridge, or in any Road or Avenue leading to the

fame, except for the immediate Taking-up or Delivery of any Goods or Merch.andife, or for the Removal

of any Filth, Dune, Ashes, or Rubbish (sufficient Time being allowed to do the fame respectively), or

{hall in any other Manner wilfully obstruct the Passage over the said Bridge, or the Passage leading to or

from the same, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty

Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That the several and refceftive Clerks, Treasurers, and other

Officers, from Time to Time appointed and employed by the said Trustees in the Receipt or Expenditure

of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall, and he and they is and are hereby remured to

give proper Receipts and Vouchers for all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall from Time to

Time be paid to them or either of them respectively, without Fee or Reward; and shall also make En-

tries of such Receipts and Vouchers in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and he

and they, and every of them respectively, shall and is and are hereby required, out of the Money which

shall be paid into his or their Hands in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act, toanswer, satisfy, and

pay all and every Sum and Sums of Money which {hall be drawn for upon him or them, or either of them,

and ordered to be paid, by any three or more of the said Trustees, for, on account, or in respect of any

Contract, Work, Matter, or Thing, which {hall be entered into, made, done, or performed, by virtue

or in pursuance of this Act; and that all and every the Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, appointed

or employed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, {hall be and is and are hereby severally

declared to be answerable for any Breach of Trust, Neglect of Duty, or other Misdemeanor, of any Clerk

or Substitute, Clerks or Substitutes, by him or them or either of them employed in. the Execution of this

a. Act,.

