454*

Toll* to be af-

signed for Mo*

ucy borrowed*

form of At

tifASMAt.

Assign me ntt to

be entered in a

Book)

end may ’be

transferred*

Fom of Tout

in.

Assignment* not

to be made void.

Trustee* not li-

able to Debts for

tigntng Mort-

gages, dec.

Writings to be

W^kout Stair.pt.

C. 17, Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776,

ing of the Trustees to be held by virtue of this Act, the fame shall be finally determined by the Majority of

Votes and Proxies then present.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees assembled at such first

Meeting, or any three or more of them, or at any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of

which subsequent Meeting, and of every other subsequent Meeting for oorrowing Money, fourteen Days

previous Notice shall be given and affixed upon the Market-house at Brofeley% and upon the Gates or

Turnpikes to be erected in pursuance of this Act) shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered

to execute proper Alignments of the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, or of any Part thereof, (the Coils

and Charges of afligmng the fame to be borne and paid out of such Tolls or Duties) as a Security for any

Sum or Sums of Money advanced and paid on the Credit thereof, to such Person or Persons as shall act-

vance and pay the fame, under their Hands and Seals, by the following Form of Alignment, or by any

other Words to the fame Effect.

4 DY virtue of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

4 XJ for building a Bride ncross the River Severn from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the oppofste Shore

4 at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for mating proper Avenues or Roads to and from the Jame\ wc

4 whose Names are hereunto set, being three of the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of the said

4 Act, in Consideration of the Sum of Fifty Pounds [or such Sum as shall be advanced and paid in lieu thereof J

4 to us in Hand paid by A. B. of do assign unto the said A. B. his [or her] Executors, Ad-

4 ministrators, and Assigns, one entire Share or hundredth Part or Proportion of the Nett Produce of the

4 Tolls or Duties by the said Act granted [or such Part or Share as the said Sum of fifty Pounds shall bear in

4 Proportion to the whole Amount of the Money borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls1 to be made in equal Pay-

4 ments on the Day of and the Day of yearly*

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, shall be entitled to such

Share of the said Tolls or Duties as the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced and

paid shall bear in Proportion to the whole Sum borrowed upon the Credit of such Tolls or Duties, in

equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing and

paying the fame.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That proper Entries or Memorials shall be made by the Clerk or

Treasurer to the said Trustees of all and every Assignment or Assignments, containing the Dates, Names

of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, in a Book or Books to be, from Time to Time,

provided and kept for that purpose, and shall mark the fame in this Manner, [Entered N°. C. D.t

Clerk to the Truj Mi and after such respective Entries made, the Trustees who shall have signed and ex-

ecuted such Assignments respectively shall also sign their Names to the respective Entries of such Align-

ments; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, or who

shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may transfer and assign the fame again, and all his,

her, or their Right, Title, and Interest therein, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by

indorsing thereon, before two credible Witnesses, the following Words, or Words to the like

Effeft;

4 T DO transfer this Assignment, with all mv Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fiune, unto

4 JL of his her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns*

4 Dated this Day of E. F%

4 Witness, G. H.

4 /. k:

Which said Assignment and Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the Trustees at some

Meeting of the said Trustees, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the

Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the said Book directed to be provided and kept for

entering the original Assignments; for which Entry or Memorial the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of One

Shilling and no more by the Person or Persons producing the fame: and after such Entries made, (but

not till then) such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign

again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have

made any such Transfer or Assignment to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby

due, or any Part thereof.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

charge, subject, or make liable the Real or Personal Estate of any Trustee, or the Executors, Admini-

strators, or Assigns of any Trustee who shall have signed and executed any Assignment or Assignments as

aforesaid, or shall have signed any Entries thereof, to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money thereby,

secured, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order,

Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security or Writing what-

loever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Trustee or Trustees, Just ice or Justices of the

Peace, or exhibited before them or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the

Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Trustees or Justices respectively* shall be charged or charge-

able with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXVII. And

