4*9 c- 5* Anno decimo sexto Gborsii I1L A.D. 1776.

Thii not to

expend to any

Vefrel cleared

on tr*tn the Co-

If ri 1 c*for Great

Brinin, &c. on

O' b fwie Jjn. I,

1776 j m r co

Coo^s ihi prd

for Remittances

to Great Bri-

tain, See. before

Dec. t>, 177J.

Kot to extend to

any Vessel the

Property of the

Colonial, which

on or before

Jan. 1, 1776,

dbalt hare failed

from any Port in

Europe where

ifce might law*

fully trade. See,

Norlo any Vef-

ftl belonging to

the ffland of

Nantucket, em-

ployed in the

'Whale Fiiheiy,

and fi red out be

fore Dec. f,

>7rs» &«.

Seising of Per-

fon1,Vessel*, dec,

during the Re*

betlion, and be-

fore the passing

of this Act, ftu'l

be doomed legal.

Limitation of

Actions.

Ccaeral Idue.

Treble Coda,

Adlf

14 Gto. 111.

1 s Geo. HI.

Ubp. 10.

and« 5 Geo. III.

Cap it.

repealed.

Gomaencemeat

•t Ua Act.

That nothing in this A A contained shall extend* or be construed to extend* to any Ship or Vessel which

shall have cleared out and failed from any of the said Colonies for Great Britain, ireland% or any of the

British Plantations in the West Indies, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred

and fevertty-six; nor shall extend* or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Goods or Merchandise, or

EffeCls which shall be laden or shipped on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of the said North American Co-

ionics on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as a Re*

miuance to any of his Majesty’s Subjects re Tiding in Great Britain* Ireland* or the British Colonies or Plan-

tations in the West Indies* for or on account of any such Estates* Effects* or Debts* or in consequence

of any Orders given for that Purpose* before the twenty-first Day of December one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-five, provided Proof thereof shall be made, on Oath of the Parties to whom such Goods,

Merchandise, or Effects, shall be consigned, Or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the Judge or Court be-

fore whom any Seizure of such Goods* Merchandise* or Effects, shall be depending* any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That nothing

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel the Property of any Person

or Persons residing in the said Colonies of New Hampshire* Majfach ufet's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut

New Torky New Jersey, Penhlvania% the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland* Virginia, North

Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, which on or before the fiift Day of January one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-six shall have failed from any Port or Place in Europe where such Ship or Vessel might

lawfully trade ; or which on or before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

fix shall be actually laden in any such Port or Place for Great Britain or Ireland, with such Goods and

Merchandises as such Ship or Vessel might lawfully so transport; nor to any such Ship or Veil'd as shall,

on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, remain in any Port of Great

Britain or Ireland\ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftarding.

XL. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel being the Property of any of

the Inhabitants of the Island of Nantucket, employed in the Whale Fishery only, if it shall appear by the

Papers on Board that such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out from thence before the nrft Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and seventy five5 or if the Master, or other Person having the Charge

of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall produce a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Gover-

nor or Commander in Chief of the Province of the MaJfachuMs Bay, setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel

(expressing her Name, and the Name of her Master, and describing her Built and Burthen) is the whole

and entire Property of his Majesty’s Subjects of the said Island of Nantucket, and was the Property of

one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

five.

4 XLI. And whereas* before the passing this A St, and fmee the Commencement of the said unnatural

4 Rebellion, divers Persons, Vessels, Cargoes, and other Effects, may have been seized, detained, exa-

* mined, searched, damaged, or destroyed, for the public Service, in withstanding or suppressing the said

4 Rebellion be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such ACb shall be deemed just and

legal to all Intents, ConftruSions, and Purposes whatsoever: And if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Thing so done, or for or by

reason of any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, such A£tioi>

or Sjjit shall he commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast commitred, and not after-

wards ; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this A St and the

special Matter in Evidence 5 and if the Act shall appear to have been done for the Service of the Public,

or in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after

the Time herein before limited for bringing the fame, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendant ; and upon such Finding, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difcOntinue his or

their Actirn after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintifts, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble

Costs.

4 XLII. And whereas an Act was passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

4 (intituled, An Act to discontinucy in such Manner, and for fuchTimey as are therein mentionedy the landing

4 and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goodsy IVareSy and Merchandise, at the Tovbn and within the Harbour

4 of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset’s Bav, in North America) 5 and also an Act passed in the last

4 .Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to rejtrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachu-

4 fee’s Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode Island, and Providence Planta-

4 tion, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Blands in the West Indies \ and to

4 prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other

4 Places therein mentionedy under certain Conditions and Limitations) \ and also another Act passed in the

4 same Session (intituled, An Act to refrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penfyl-

4 vania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British IJtands in the

4 West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations): And whereas the Prohibitions and Restraints

4 imposed by the said Acts will be rendered unnecessary by the Provisions of this Act :* Be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-six, the said Act% shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That this Act, so far as the fame relates

to the Capture and Forfeiture of Ships and Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the above-mentioned

Colonies, shall, except in the Cafes herein before mentioned, commence and be in Force from and after

the first Day of January one thousand seven'hundred and seventy fix \ and so far as the fame relates to the

1 Capture

^oooole

