C* i o#

327

A.D. 1775; Anno decimo quinto Georgii IIF,

4< when Mines are working under the Canal. In case of Danger, proper Works, tfc to be made to

44 support the Canal, ISc- at the Owner's Expence. Miners to give Notice of their Indention to work

44 within twelve Yards of the Canal 5 and if the Proprietors refuse Liberty to work, they are to pay for

44 the Coal that might be got. Disputes to be settled by the Com mi dinners. Company impowered to

44 take Rates for less than a Mile, £f>V. Satisfaction to be made within rh^ee Months for Damage done

44 in getting Materials, tffc. Powers of the Corrrmissioners by former Act relating to the Purchife of

44 Lands. Value of Lands and Damages sustained to be separate. Ascertaining of Damages for Lands t6

44 be cut through, not to occasion Delays in carrying on the Works. Not to hinder Owners from ap-

44 plying to Commissioners for Satisfaction for Lands, £$V. Power for Land Owners to exchange Lands

44 on the Sides or near the Canal. Company of Proprietors may take in a greater Breadth of Land in

44 particular Cafes than allowed by the former Act. Weight of the Lading of every Vessel to be marked,

44 and also the Names of the Owners. Penalty for offending. Clause relative to the holding of Meetings

44 by the former Act repealed. Time and Place where Meetings may be held by this Act. Committees

44 may adjourn, Provisions, &c. of former Act (except as excepted), and this Act, to be in Force.

44 Persons thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-Sessions. Limitation of Actions.

44 General Issue. Treble Coils. Public Aft/' ,

CAP. X.

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Majfaibufet's Bay, and Nevh

Hampshirey and Colonies of Conne£ticuty and Rhode Island% and Providence Plantation, in

North America, ro Great Britain, Ireland, and the British 1 (lands in the West Indies, and

to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of

Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limi*

tations.

1 \\7 HEREAS by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, fnti-

tuled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation \ and by several subse-

4 quent Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That for

4 every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enumerated, at any

4 British Plantation, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof. Bonds shall be given, with one

4 Surety, to the Value of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons,

4 add of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of greater Burthen, that the fame Commodities

4 shall be brought by such Ship or Vessel to some other British Plantation, or to some Port in Great Bri-

4 tain: And whereas, by several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, no Commodities of

the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Europe (except Salt for the Fisheries, Wines of the Madiiras

and A%ores and Western Islands, and Victual and Linen Cloth from Ireland, under the Restrictions in

4 such Acts particularly mentioned), can be imported into any Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place,

.4 belonging to his Majesty, in Assay Africa, or America, but what shall be bona fide, and witnout Fraud,

4 laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence: And whereas, during the Con-

4 tinuance of the Combinations and Disorders, which at this Time prevail within the Provinces of Majfa~

4 ebufet's Bay and New Hampshirey and the Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island% to the Obstrudtion

4 of the Commerce of these Kingdoms, and other his Majesty's Dominions, and in Breach and Violation

4 of the Laws of this Realm, it is highly unfit that the Inhabitants, of the said Provinces and Colonies

4 should enjoy the fame Privileges of Trade, and the fame Benefits and Advantages to which his Majesty^

4 faithful and obedient Subjects are in titled ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's rhoft Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of

“July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and during the Continuance of this Act, no Goods,

Wares, or Merchandises, which are particularly enumerated in and by thef said Act made in the twelfth

Year of King Charles the Second, or any other Act, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the

Provinces of AJaJJachufct's Bay, or New Hampshirey or Colonies of Connecticut, Rhode Island, or Providence

Plantation, in North America, or any or either of them, are to be brought to some other British Colony,

or to Great Britain; or any such enumerated Goods, Wares, or Mercnandife, which shall at any Time

or Times have been imported or brought into the said Provinces or Colonies, or any or either of them,

shall be shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said Provinces or Colonies reflec-

tively, to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port or Place whatsoever, Other than to Great Britain^

m some of the British Islands in the IVcft Indies, to be laid on Shore there; and that no other Goods,

Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, of the Growth^ Product, or Manufacture of the Provinces or Co-

ionics herein before mentioned, or which shall at any Time or Times have been imported or brought into

the fame, shall, from and after the fai£ first Day of July, and during the Continuance of this Act, he

Shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said Provinces or Colonies respectively, to

any other Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, except to the Kingdoms of

Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the British Islands in the West Indies, to be laid on Shore there$

any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July,

before any Ship or Vessel shall lade, or take on Board any Goods, as aforesaid, in any or either of the

Provinces or Colonies before mentioned, sufficient Bond, with one Surety, besides the Matter of such

&bip os Vessel, dull be given to the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or

G g 2 Place

Preamble#

Clause in A ft

x» Car. U, rt»

cited.

After July 1,

5, no Goods,

Wares, See toi*

merited in, and

by A&faCar.II,

being of the

Growth, Pro-

du&. Sec. of

MafT.chufet’s

Bay, Stc, are ta

be brought into

fen© ot^er Bri.

tifli Colony, or

into Giut Bri«

tain ;

and no other

Goods of the

Manufacture of

the irovinces

mentioned are (#

be transported tn

any other Place

except to Great

Brtain or Ire-

land, Sc c.

Bonds, with

Sureties, to be

given, besides

the Sh'proafter%

before taking oft

