A.D. 1776* Aflno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 34- 537

such other Vessel *s shall, according to the Rule hereby established, be intitled to the Preference of con-

tinuing in the said Dock: And if any Owner, Matter? Commander, or Person having the Charge or Pentlty for aft-

Care of any such Ship or Vessel lying in the said Floating-dock, shall act contrary to the Rules and Orders *"6 c°ntmr

hereby established, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. erc

XXXII. Provided always, That no Ship or Vessel, which by this Act shall be obliged to be unladen ProvUb.

at the said Quay, shall pay any Fee or Reward for opening the Gates in order to pals in or out of the

laid Dock.

XXXIII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of

brought or commenced, or any Complaint made against any Person or Persons, for ahy Thing done in pur- Aaiont.

fuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced, and Complaint made, within

three Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action or Suit shall be

laid and brought in the City and County of the City of Bristol% and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the spe-

cial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of,

and by the Authority of this A St: And if the fame mall appear to be so done, or that such Action or

Suit shall be brought or commenced in any other County pr Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have

appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant

or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant Treble Ceste.

or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- Public A&«

judged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justiceaf

and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

> 1

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Adh

XT®®' housing Tar, a Farthing per Barrel per Week, and so in Proportion:

F For housing Pitch, Half the Price for housing Tar: *;

€ For turning Pitch and Tar in, a Halfpenny per Barrel, and the fame Rate for turning out

€ For housing Rosin or Turpentine, Two-pence per Ton gross per Week, and so in Proportion!

For turning in Rosin or Turpentine, Four-pence per Ton gross, and the like Rate for turning oat, and

4 so in Proportion:

4*For every Hundred square Feet of Ground (and so in Proportion for a less Quantity) which shall be oc-

4 copied by any Kind of Plank not exceeding two Inches and a Half thick, Boards, or Staves, or any

4 other Articles which shall be piled, Nine-pence per Week, and so in Proportion; and that over and

4 above the Expence of piling, which is to be paid for by the Proprietor of such Goods:

4 All Rind of American Deals of irregular Lengths to pay Three-fourths of the above Rate:

4 For every hundred square Feet of Ground (and so in Proportion for a less Quantity) which shall be oc-

4 cupied by Balks, Matts, Spars, and all Kinds of Timber, or by Plank of the Thickness of three

4 Inches or upwards, and of the Length of twenty-five Feet or upwards. Sixpence per Week, and so in

4 Proportion; and that over and above the Expence of placing away, which is to be paid for by the

4 Proprietors of such Goods.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages therein

mentioned; and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other

; Deeds; and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions

by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities.

Mojl Gracious Sovereign,

4 IT7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Pmnbl*

assembledy being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies, which we have granted to your Ma-

4 jetty in this Session of Parliament, in the most safe. easy, and expeditious Manner we are able, have

4 voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties

4 herein after expressed and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That an additional Rate or Duty of Twenty Shillings per Annum be raised, levied, An additional

collected, and paid, for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafti with four Wheels, Duty of»o«.

Chaifemarine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are,

or hereafter may be called or known, kept by or for any Person for his or her own Use, or to be let out Berlins, &c.

to Hire (other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages as noware, or hereafter may be, li- except Hackney

censed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches'); which said yearly additional CotchcK

Duty of twenty Shillings shall from Time to Time be paid down by the Person or Persons keeping the

fame, in like Manner, and at the fame Time, and be raised, levied, collected,. and paid, by the fame

Means and Methods, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Dine&ions, and Penalties, as the annual

Duty of four Pounds, given and granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of the

3 Z a Reign

