A.D. 1776. Anno decimo Georgii IIF.

C. 36. 551

forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, on Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible WitttfK or

Witnesses, before the Justice of Peace granting such Warrant as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there {hall be a proper and sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope made

Fall to every Anchor which shall be used in mooring any Seyne-net or Nets within the Limits of any of

the said fix several Stems or Stations, so as to point out and discover all and every such Anchor and An-

chors during all the Time that such Seyne-net or Nets shall remain in the Water; and in Default thereof,

the Owner or Owners of every such Seyne-net or Nets so moored, within the Limits aforesaid, by any

Anchor or Anchors without a sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope fattened thereto, {ball, upon Conviction of

such Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace

as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for any Anchor used in mooring such Seyne-net or Nets, with-

out having a sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope made fast to the fame.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Boat or Boats, having any Seyne-net or Nets on Board,

shall remain or be left at Anchor, 9r be moored or fattened within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix

several Stems or Stations, without five Men at least on Board such Boat or Boats, the whole Time that

the fame remains or remain at Anchor, or be moored or fattened as aforesaid; and that if, from and after

the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thtfufand seven hundred and seventy-seven, any Boat or Boats, with

any Seyne-net or Nets on Board, {hall be left or found at Anchor within the Limits aforesaid, without

five Men at the least on Board such Boat or Boats respectively, the Owner or Owners of such Boat or

Boats shall, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any such

Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit, for every such Offence, such Sum of Money as such Justice shall

think fit and adjudge, not exceeding ten Pouhds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Warp-rope of every Seyne-net shall be landed or brought

on Shore before the Boat, having such Seyne-net on Board, is put off to Sea to (hoot her Seyne; and

that if any Boat, having a Seyne-net on Board, {hall be put out to Sea before the Warp-rope of her

Seyne net {hall be landed, the Hewer or Hewers of such Boat and Seyne {hall, upon Conviction, by the

Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit

and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Fifti {hall be taken by such Boat, all

such Fifti shall be forfeited to the Owner or Owners of the Boat then next in Turn, upon the Stem or

Station within the Limits of which such Offence is committed, having her Warp-rope on Shore.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Warp-rope of the Seyne-net belonging to the Boat in-

titled to the first Turn or Stem, upon any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, {hall be landed before

any other Boat, which may have put out to Sea, shall have {hot out ope End or Part of her Seyne, it

{hall and may be lawful for the Hewer of the Seyne, on Board the Boat so intitled to the first Turn or

Stem* to forbid the other Boat from {hooting her Seyne; and if such Boat {hall {hoot her Seyne, not-

withstanding such Forbiddal, then and in such Cafe all the Fifti which {hall betaken by her {hall belong

and be forfeited to the Owner or Owners of the Boat so intitled to the first Turn or Stem; and the Owner

or Owners of the Boat, from which the Seyne-net {hall be so {hot after such Forbiddal as aforesaid, {hall

also forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XX. Provided always, That if such last mentioned Boat or Boats {hall have {hot out any Part of her

or their Seyne before the Warp-rope of the Seyne belonging to the Boat intitled to the first Turn or Stem

is* landed, then, and in such Cafe, the Hewer of the Seyne on Board the Boat, intitled to such first Turn or

Stem, shall have no Right to interrupt or forbid the Persons belonging to such other Boat or Boats as afore-

said from proceeding in {hooting out the Remainder of their Seyne.

XXL And be it further enaaed, That no Boat, having or holding a Second or other Turn or Stem

upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall be put out to Sea, until the Boat intitled to

the first Turn or Stem upon that Station {hall have (hot out all her Seyne, or {hall desist from (hooting

out the fame; and that if any Boat, holding Second or other following Turn or Stem upon any of the

aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall be put out to Sea before the Boat intitled to the fbft Turn or

Stem upon such Station shall have {hot her whole Seyne, or, having begun to {hoot, shall desist: from {hoot-

ing the fame, the Hewer or Hewers of such Boat {ball, upon Conviction of such Offence, by the Oath of

one or moie credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay,

for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and if any Fifti shall be taken by such Boat or Seyne, all

such Fifti shall be forfeited to the Owner or Owners of the Boat and Seyne then intitled to the first 7'urn

or Stem.

4 XXII. And whereas it frequently happens, that, after Fifti are within the Limits of any of the said

fix several Stems or Stations, and the Boat then holding Turn or Stem upon some one of such Stations

4 hath begun to {hoot out her Seyne, the Fifti start back or pass into the Limits of one of the next Stems

4 or Stations be it therefore enabled. That in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for every

Boat, which hath begun to {hoot her Seyrte when the Fifti were within the Limits of the Stem or Station

upon which {he held or was intitled to Turn or Stem as aforesaid, to continuoto {hoot out the Remainder

of her Seyne in the adjoining Stem or Station into which the said Fifti shall go or pass.

XXIII. And be it further enacted* that when any Seyne-net shall be Ihot within the Limits of any of

the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, such Seyne-net may be worked or haled through the Limits of

any adjoining Stem or Station, and brought to a convenient and proper Mooring-place, and moored and

secured within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations for the Preservation of the said

Seyne, and the Fifti inclosed therein.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if more Seyne-nets than one {hall happen to be in the Water

atthe fame Time with Fifti inclosed in each, the Owner or Owners of the Seyne which there shall beOc-

casion to moor, after the first Seyne hath been moored, {hall be at Liberty to moor the said Seynes to-

gether, fattening the Cork-rope of the one Seyne-net to the Cork-rope of the other, provided there be not

Vox.. XII. 4B less

Every Anchor

used in mooring

to have a fuf-

ficient Buoy and

Buoy-rope;

on Penalty of

lot.

Penalty on leav-

ing Boats at

Anchor without

five Men on

Board.

Penalty on put*

tipg a Boat to

Sea, &c» before

the Warp-rope

is landed.

Regulations for

shooting the

Seyne.

Proviso.

Second Boat not

to put to Sea till

the first Boat

hath ihot her

Seyne*

When Seyne u

partly ihot in

one Stem, the

Remainder may

be ihot in the

adjoining Stem,

if the Fish go

thither.

When Seyne is

ihot, it may be

worked through

and moored in

any other Stem.

Two Seynes may

be moored to-

gether, with

Anchors on the

