482

All Assigneet

Creditors in

equal Degree.

Money borrowed

to be charged on

the Rates.

Trustees may

cause i he Vil-

lages, dec. to be

lighred; and

may appoint

Watchmen,

and two Super-

vifors of the

Watchmen, Sec,

Expences of Pa-

trole not to ex-

ceed ja 1. lot.

in any one Year.

Two Commit*

tees to be ap-

pointed, who are

to meet weekly.

Personj wilfully

breaking Lamps,

Ac. to forfeit

20 s. for each

Offence, and

make good the

Damage;

r ro be com-

mitted.

Penalty on Per-

IV n* accidentally

b raki.ig Lamps,

Ac,

C. 26. Anno decimo (exto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

such Entry made, and not till then, such Assignment {hall entitle such Assignee, his or her Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may,

in the like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or

Persons making such Alignment, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby

due, or any Part thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities

{hall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on

such Rates or Assessments in equal Degree one with another, and {hall have no Preference with respect to

the Priority of advancing such Monies, or the Dates of such Alignments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money to be advanced and

lent, and the interest thereof, {hall be and are hereby charged upon, and {hall be paid and payable from

Time to Time out of, the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and aflcfTed by virtue

and for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, may and are hereby impowered from Time to Time to cause the said Villages and the said Roads

and Places herein before described to be lighted for such Time and Times, and in such Manner and by

such Ways and Means, as they, or any five or more of them, shall judge proper and convenient; and

{hall and may also appoint such Number of able-bodied Men (to be armed and cloathed in such Manner as

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall^direct) to be employed as Watchmen in the Night-

time, for the Safety of the Inhabitants residing within the Limits of this Act; and to patrole and guard

the Road and Foot Path which leads from Peckham over the said North Fields to Blackman-street aforesaid,

for the Security of Passengers in the Night-time; and all such Watchmen and Patrole shall attend from

Time to Time, and at such Times and Places, and perform such Duty as the said Trustees, or any five

or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint; and may cause to be erected Watch-boxes for such

Watchmen at such Places as they {hall judge necessary; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, may also appoint two proper Persons to be Supervisors of such Watchmen and Patrole; which Per-

fons so to be appointed Supervisors shall be and are hereby impowered to act as Constables for the Purpose

of carrying this Act into Execution; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may remove any

or all such Watchmen and Supervisors from Time to Time as they shall fee Cause, and appoint others in

the Room of such of them as shall be so removed; and shall and may apply so much of the said Rates or

Assessments, or of the Money to be borrowed or raised on the Credit thereof, as shall be necessary for the

several Purposes aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, That no more shall be paid in any one Year, out of the Rates and Assessment*

to be raised by virtue of this Act, than the Sum of thirty-two Pounds ten Shillings, towards defraying

the Expence which will attend the employing a Patrole between Pechham and Blackman-Jlrect as afore-

said.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better regulating the said

nightly Watch and Patrole, the said Trustees, at all their annual Meetings, may elect and chute a Com-

mittee from among themselves of ten Trustees, to serve for the following Year, five of whom shall act a*

a Committee, to meet at some convenient Place in the said Village of Camberwell weekly on every IVed*

nesday Evening, and the other five of them shall act as a Committee, to meet at some convenient Place

in the said Village of Peckham on the same Day; and any two or more of them, at each or any of such

weekly Meetings, shall and may, as they shall fee Cause, remove, discharge, or suspend, any of the

Watchmen or the said Patrole to be appointed and employed by virtue of this Act; and shall and may',

at any such weekly Meetings, appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed or

suspended.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or

damage, any of the Lamps that {hall be set up for lighting the said Villages, land the several Roads and

other Places within the Limits of this Act, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights thereof, or

damage the Irons, Posts, or other Furniture belonging to such Lamps; it shall and may be lawful to and

for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any

other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act,

and without any other Warrant, to cause him, her, or them, to be conveyed before some Justice of the

Peace for the County of Surrey \ and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or

Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath such

Justice is hereby autho;iff d and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be con-

vifted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her, or their own Confeifion, or upon such

Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to

the T ‘ruftces for the Time being, the Sum of twenty Shillings (whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the

Informer, and the other Moiety be applied for the Purposes of this Act), and shall also make Satisfaction

to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to

receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or

Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeitures, ami make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice

is hereby required to commit-him, her, or them, to the Bridewell or Iloufc of Correction For the said

County of Surrey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar

Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for

which he, she, or they, shall have been so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfaction

shall be sooner paid and given.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally

break, throw down, or damage, any of the Lamps so to be set up as aforesaid, or the Irons, Posts, or other

Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Trustees for

5 the

