,?t1ie T'fTX E S of ifc S-;T A T If T E.S.

th^Danger of InfeSion thereby 5 to the Premiums upon

Masts, 1 ards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpen-

tine; to the encouraging ihe Growth of Coffee in his

• Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importa-

tion of Cochineal and Indie©; so the prohibiting the Im-

portation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed,

written, and printed in Great Britain; to the Bounty on

the Exportation of British-vnade Cordage; to the free

Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland,

and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating

the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers

in America; to the preventing the /preading of the con-

tagious Drforder among the Horned Cattle in Great Bri-

tain ; and to exte-nd the ProviQons of an Act of the

twelfth Year of the Reign of Kip? George the First, for

the Improvement of his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs,

Excise, and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the com

mencing Prpfecutions for Penalties against the Revenue

of Customs to subsequent Acts.

87. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving

Cattle'within the Cities of London and Westminster, ana

Liberties thereof, and the BiMs ef Mortality.

88. An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying

the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Sup-

port of me Civil Government within xhe Province of

Quebec, in America.

89. An Act to enable his Majesty to allow the Admini-

ltrator, with the Will annexed, or other the personal

Representative, of Sir Joseph 'Idyll Knight, deceased,

to fell ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, Part of a

Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund,

and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on ten

thousand Pounds East India stock; and for applying the

fame as therein is mentioned.

90. An Act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch

and Beadles within the City and Liberty of Westminster,

and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

91. An Act more effectually to improve and complete the

Navigation erf the River Thames, westward of London

Bridge, wirhin the Liberties of the City of London, and

to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in

Tatlow Mill Stream, in the County of Bucks.

92. An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to

be made Use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin in

this Kingdom.

93. An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lew-

ijham, in the County of Kent,

9|. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel erect

ing at Toxteth Park, in the Pafifti of Walton, near Liver-

pool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

95. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Battersea,

in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church-

yard of the said Parish Church.

9"). An Act to amend an Act, passed in the tenth and ele-

venth Years of the Reign of King I Vi Hi am the Third,

intituled. An Act for the making and keeping navigable the

Rivers of Aire and Calder, in the County of York; and

for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire,\

from Wetland to the River Ouze; and for making a navi-:

J'able Canal from the said River Aire, at or near Haddle

ev, to the River Ouze, at the O/d Brick Garth at Ouze

Gate End, within the Township of Selby, in the said i

County; and for other Purposes. -v

97. An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual,

an A cl, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, for repairing the Road fr^in the Turnpike ai

Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles

Cross, near Uckfield, in the County c/Suffex.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and- Powers of an Act,

madcin the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for.

repairing and widening the High Road fromT/vrtkv ^ to

GroffmgUm, jo the County of Ybit. .. v

99. An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty. for

repairing and widening the Roads from the Tojvn of Manr

chester to the Town of Rochdale, and from a, pfa^e called

The Wjiite Smithy, in the Townftnp ^Crujnpfal, to ihe

Town 0/Bury, and from a Place called J3efles of the l}arn

tc Ratcliffe Biidge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster ;

and for impowejing the Trustees under the said Act to

repair a Lane called Sh/epfoat Lane, in the said County,

ipo. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

Raffed in the t\yenty-sixth Year of the Reign of hi? fyre

lajesty King George the Second, for repairing and wi-

dening the Ro^ds from HenJhalPs Smithy, upon Cranage

(Jreen, through the Town of Nether Knujtsford, and by

the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hid, to the

Town Of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester ;

and frofri the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the

County of Lancaster $ and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid,

to Penny s Lane, near Northutich, in the,said County of

CheJler.

tot. An Act for repairing and widening fevpral Roads near

the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, N'o -

wanton, and IVinkbourne, in the County of Nottingham.

10a. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Acts,

made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for repairing several Roads leading into the City of

Glafgcw, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading

from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcqddens, to

that Part of the Water of Kelvins, called 3J7;/ Milnfrd

ofGarfcube.

ioh An Act for explaining and amending an A&? m^de

in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, fqr improv-

ing the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City'of Glas-

gow 1 and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from

the said City to the Pillage of Gorbells; and'Part of an-

other Act, daade in the eighth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, for explaining and amending the said Act 5 and fot

repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge ncross

the River of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to the ViU

lage of Gbrbells.

104. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act-,

made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road

from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, JVbitchurch,

Husband Priors, Andover, and Middle dVallcp, in the

County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobconih Corner,

in the Parish of Winterftow, in the County of Wilts, for

including the Road from Spittle House, over JVeyhill, to

Mullens Pondi as directed by an Act, made in the;

twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty ; and for amend-

ing the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards

Tang ley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from

JVeyhill to Sarfon Street, and atfo the Road through the

said Town of Basing jloke,

105. An Act to continue the TeVms of two Acts, made in

^be twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

several Roads leading into the City of Glafgcw, so far as

the fame relate to the Roads from the City,of Glasgow,

. to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile

House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of

Gorbells to The Chapel of Cambujlang, in the Counties of

Lanerkaod Renfrew.

tc6. An Act for recovering, improving, and maintaining,

the Navigation of the Haven of Hedonydt\ Holdernesse, in

the East Riding of the County of York.

107. An Act for draining and preserving the Low Grounds

and Carrs, within the P^rilbes, Townships, ^nd Places

^

