» I * • ■+

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 86. 195

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to Continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback

of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine run-

ning of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Culloms *, to the En-

couragement of the Silk. Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise

exported, and reducing other Duties ; to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and

the Danger of lnfeftion thereby•, to the Premiums upon Marts, Yards, and Bowfprirs,

Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine j to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s

Plantations in America ; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohi-

biting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed

in Great Britain ; to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage •, to the free

Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in

America \ to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in

America ; to the preventing the lpreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned

Cattle in Great Britain •, and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the twelfth Year of

the Reign 6f King George the First, for the Improvement of his Majesty’s Revenues of

Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions

for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs to subsequent Acts.

% WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and

* y V beneficial, are near expiringmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That a Clause in an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing, during a limited Time, a

Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars importeay and which Clause was to continue in

Force for the Term of thirteen Years, and from tnence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament

and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, revived, and continued ; and also a Proviso in the last-mentioned Act con-

tained, that no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or

should be, imported from the East Indies, and the Coast of Barbary only ; and which said Clause and Pro-

viso, by several subsequent Acts of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, and of the fifteenth, twenty-Iixth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

tGeorge\hc Second, and of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were continued until the

twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from the Expi-

ration thereof, until the twenty fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and

from (hence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1774, further continued until June 24,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaitL That the several Clauses in an Act, made

in the fifth Y ear of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine Run-

ning of uncuflomed Goods; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs \ relating to

such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in

order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat 5 and also relating to Goods not reported

and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods pro-

hibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also

relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound ; and also relating

to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, or under; and also concerning the Bales or Pack-

age in which Coffee shall be exported 5 and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels not contain-

ing twenty Gallons at the least 5 and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to

Irdandy which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years from the several Times of the Com-

mencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and

which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the second,

eighth, fifteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second ; and of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were fur-

ther continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be,

and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

tember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament,

III. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforerfaid, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Marjufaftures

this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties (m Merchandises exported j and for reducing the Duties upen

Cc 2 Beaver

PciuaM*

Clause In A St

pand 10Gul.

allowing a

Drawback on

the Exportation

of Opper Ban

imported, revi-

ved by fa Ann*,

lefpefting Bam

imported from

the East Indie*

and Barbary

only, and contt*

nued by Act It

Geo. 1. 15, 16,

ar.d 32 Geo. II.

and f Geo. III.

till June 24,

l;8l.

Oause* i« Act

5 Geo. I. rela-

ting to foreign

Good* taken at

Sea, dec.

and by Act 9

Geo. I. %, 8,

*5, rf, 20,

and 33 r.( o. II.

7Gco. Ill con-

tinued until

Sept. 19, I774o

fur her cjnii

nued r.H Sept*

29, *781.

Act 8 Geo. U

rcla ine to tho

Enco r ^emeot

ot Silk Manu-

facture*, &c.

