A.D. 1774^ Anno cfeciiiio quarto Georgii III.

C. 5

105

The Mayor and

BurgefT'es, &c,

authorised to

purchife Share*

in the Work*

madj by this

A t\.

The Charrer

Hou e to h< 11

two Shares, and

the Corpora* »r (is

10 Shares each.

Company may

irakeCalls j tut

at Four Month*.

DiAai.ee at least.

iribirt’of his, hfcr, or their proper Ndmes, without Witness, to transfer his, her? or their Property in such

Assignment to any other Person or Persons, without an Entry to be made thereof in the said Book or Books y

and all such 1 aft-mentioned Trahsfers or Alignments shall intitle such Assignee^ his, her. and their Execu-

tors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such

Assignfce may, in like Mariner, assign or transfer the fame again, and tones quoties; and it {hall not be in

the rower of any such Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release,

or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest; of the Money The Interest of

which shall be borrowed by Mortgage of the Rates or Duties as aforesaid shall be paid Half-yearly to the

several Parties intitle^ thereto, in Preference of any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue.of this yearly.1*1

Act to the said Company, or arty of them, and shall, from Time to Time, be fully paid and discharged, or

Srovided for, before the y^krly ot other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them,

tall‘be’paid, ritade, or divided.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor and

Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hulf the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots,

Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hulf and the.Matter, Brethren, and Sifters of the House or

Hofprtal, nigh Kingston upon Hull, called God’s House of Hull, and they the said three Bodies Corporate

and Politick are hereby, each of them, severally and respectively fully authorised, enabled, and impowered,

with the Money or Efffc&s belonging to such respective Corporations, to become Subscribers to or to pur-

chafe Shares in the Undertaking established by this Act, on account of and for the Benefit of their respective

Corporations; any Ordinance, Statute, Law, Charter, Grant, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the said Matter, Brethren, and

Sifters of the Housetor Hospital, nigh Kingston upon Hull, called God’s House of Hull, shall be, and they

are hereby declared incapable of holding or being possessed of more than two such Shares, and the said other

two Bodies Corporate and Politick shall be, and they are hereby declared incapable of holding, or being

possessed of, more than ten such Shares each, at one and the fame Time, except such respective Shares shall

come by Gift or Bequest; and that no Person or Persons, Body Corporate and Politick, who shall pur-

chase any such Share or Shares, shall be admitted to vote for the fame, either by themselves or Proxy, until

such Person or Persons, Body Corporate and Politick, shall have been in Possessionof such purchased Share

or Shares for the full Term of six Calendar Months.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company shall have

Power, from Time to Time, to call for, audit, and settle, all Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed

for the Purposes of this Act with the Receivers and other Officers and Persons employed under the Autho-

rity of this Act; and to make such Call or CalU of Money from the Proprietors of Shares, to defray the

Expences of, or carry on, the Works authorised or directed by this Act to be done by the said Company,

as they, from Tilne to Time, shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes; so that no Call do

exceed the Sum of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds, and so as no Call to that Amount be made but at

the Distance of four Calendar Months at the lead from each other; which Money, so called for, shall be

paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Company shall, from Time to Time, ap-

point or direct, for the Use of the said Undertaking; and every the Owner or Owners of one or more

Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Shares or Proportions of the Monies to

be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, of which two

Calendar Months Notice at lead shall be given, by publishing the fame in the said Church of the Holy

Trinity in the said Town, and by Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Exchange, or other publick Place,

in the said Town, and by publishing the fame in the York Courant> or other Newspaper as aforesaid: And

if any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, shall neglect or refuse to pay their rateable or pro-

portionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place to be

appointed by the said Company, the Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, so neglecting or re-

fuhng, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds of their respective Share and Shares,

Parts and Interests, in the faiJ Undertaking and Premises: And in case such Person or Persons, Body Cor-

porate and Politick, shall neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the

said Money to be called for as aforesaid for the Space of two Calendar Months after the Time appointed

for Payment thereof, as aforesaid, then the Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, so neglecting,

shall forfeit his, her, and their respective Shares, Parts, and Interests, in the said Undertaking and Pre-

mises, to be recovered by an Action at Law, to be brought in the Name of the said Company, against the

Party or Parties so neglecting, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; all

which Forfeitures shall go to the rest of the Proprietors, their Succcllbrs and Assigns, in Trust for, and for

the Benefit of, all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respetftive Interests.

XXXVIII. Provided always. That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Share or

Shares till after Notice in Writing shall have been left with fomc Officer of the respeeftive Corporation, or

personal Notice to the Owner, or Notice in Writing left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, nor

unless the fame shall be declared to be forfeited at some Meeting of the said Company, to he held within fix

Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and every such Forfeiture (lull be

an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor and Proprietors so forfeiting, against all Action and Actions,

Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract, or other

Agreement, betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting and the rest: of the Proprietors, with regard

to carrying on the said Works.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any

such Share or Shares shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced

Vet. XII. P

Pet Tons omit-

ting to pay theft

Proportions to

forfeit 51. per

Cent,

and if for twff

Months, the

Shares to be for*

feited.

No Share to be

deemed forfeited

till after fix

Months Notice

given to the

Person concern-

ed.

When Subfcn-

bet $ die before

their Share* be

