A. D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 16.

45

IV. And fee it farther enacted, That from and after the pafl]ng of this Act, no Person shall be capable

of acting as a Commissioner for executing the said former Act, lb far as the lame relates to the said sixth

District, or this present Act, unless he shall be the real Owner of thirty Acres or more of several Lands,

subject to be taxed by virtue of the said former, or this present Act, within the said Dirtrift, or unless fe

shall be the real Owner of two or more Lots or Doles to which two or more Rights of Common oo

belong, on the Commons and Commonable Parts within the said sixth District; any Thing in the said

former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Commissioner of the said sixth District,

who is the real Owner of sixty Acres or more of such several Lands or of four or more Lots or Doles

within the said sixth District, to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, from .Time to Time, and for such

Time as he shall think proper, an Agent to act in his Absence as a Commissioner; and every such Agent

shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by \vho;n he shall be appointed, aft as a Commissioner in

the Execution of the said former Act, so far as the fame relates to the said sixth Dirt rift, or this piefent

Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioner might

aft if he were personally present.

VI. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall be Joint Owner with any other Person or

Pexfons of such several Lands, or of such Lots or Doles within the said sixth District, and the Interest or

Property of such Person in such Lands, or in such Lots or Doles, shall be equal to, or exceed the re-

spective Quantities of several Lands, or the Numbers of such Lots or Doles, as are herein-before respec-

tively mentioned for the Qualification of Commissioners to act, or to appoint Agents to act in their Ab*

fence, in the said sixth District ; every such Person shall be, and is hereby respectively impowered to act

as a Commissioner, or to appoint an Agent for the said sixth District, in the same Manner, and as fully

and efFcftually, to all Intents and Purposes, a9 if such Person was distrnftly and separately possessed of

such Interest or Property in the said sixth District.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissionefs, or any three or more of them, shall

and may execute all or any of the Powers of the said former Act, so far as the fame relates to the said

sixth District, or of this present Act; any Thing in the said former Act to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the

said District, or any three or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money

that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the said Tax or Assessment of four Shillings per Acre

charged upon the Lands within the said District by virtue of this Act; and, by Writing, without Stamp*

under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners, to mortgage, charge, assign*

convey, or incumber, the said Tax or Assessment, or any Part or Proportion of such Tax or Assessment,

with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at fuchTimes, and with such*

Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreed upon ; and the Sum or Sums of Money, far

to be borrowed, shall and may be assigned and transferred in the same Manner as any Sum 01 Sums of

Money, borrowed by virtue of the said former Act, can and may be assigned and transferred..

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,or be con-'

(trued to extend, in anywise to affieft, impeach, or lessen, any Right or Priority of Claim which any

Person or Persons, who have advanced any Money upon the Credit of the Tax or Assessment charged by

virtue of the said former Act upon the Lands to be taxed by virtue of this Act, now have upon such

Lands in respect of such Money so advanced ; but that the said Lands shall, in the first Place, be liable to

the Tax or Assessment charged by the said former Act, and to the Money borrowed thereon ;*any Thing^

in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of one thousand four hundred

Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any one Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Tax or AflefP

ment of four Shillings per Acre, charged by virtue of this Act upon the said District ; and that the said

Tax or Assessment of two Shillings per Acre charged by the said former Act, and the said Tax or AssessT*

ment of four Shillings per Acre charged by this Act, upon the Lands and Grounds within the said District,

shall not, during the Time any principal Monies, or Interest, shall be due on the several Securities thereof,

be less, in any one Year, than the several Sums charged upon the said District by the said former or this

present Act respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted. That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Aftj

shall be borne and defrayed out of the first Monies that shall arise by virtue of this Act.

4 XII. And, for the greater Ease and Security of any Person or Persons who have advanced and lent,

4 or may be willing to advance and lend, any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Taxes or

4 Assessments laid by the said former or this present Act, within the said Distrift/ be it further enacted.

That no Money, except for the Purpose of discharging the Expences incurred in obtaining and passing

this Act, shall be applied, or bedirefted to be applied, by the Commissioners of the said District, at any

General Half-yearly or other Meeting, to any of the Purposes of the said former or this present Act,

within the said District, unless the Interest then due on the several respective Sums borrowed, or to be

borrowed, within the said District, on the Credit of the said former or this present Act, dial! have been

fully discharged and paid off; or unless Money sufficient for discharging and paying off such Interest shall

be reserved in the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver to the said Commissioners; any Thing in the said

former or this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That In case the Treasurer or Receiver to the said Commissioners shall

not pay, or cause to be paid, to the Persons intitled thereto, the Interest that shall be due on the respective

Sums borrowed, or to be borrowed, on the Credit of the said former or this present Act, within the said

District, on the respective half-yearly Days of Payment, when the fame (nail become due, or within

twenty

Qualification of

Commissioners.

Owner* of sixty

Acres of feveiat

Lands, or four

Lots or Doles,

may appoint an

Agent to act as a

Commissioner.

Joint Owners of-

fertral Lands,

Sec. may appoint*

Agents.

Commissionerr

may put the for*

mer Act, in the

sixth District,

and this Act, in

Execution.

For bonowing

Money,

Not toafflift tht

Creditors under-

former Act.

WhstSum may

be borrowed.-

Charge* of thm

Act how to be-

paid.

No Money to be»

applied at such

Times as the In-

terest due on the

Money borrowed.

shall be behind*

and unpaid*

Penalty if tfit

Treasurer or Re~

cri*«r do not paw

the Interest

when demanded*

