45Q

”ot exceeding

4©».

Justices, Arc. not

to where

interested.

Trustees not to

take Possession

of Lands, Ac.

before Satisfac-

tion bnade $ ex-

cept for the

Purpose of fur-

Teying, Sec*

Damages to be

afeertaioed by a

' Jot J.

If Trustees

make Default

io Payment, to

be levied by

Pifireit, Ac,

Srpenees of Ju-

jy, Witaefles,

Ac. bow to hr

gaida

Trustees liable

to A&iona for

ftcnU

Bridge VCfted in

Traders,

who may take

the following

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

live, which Constable or other Peace Officer is hereby required to execute the fame, so as no such Fine

exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; which Fine shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Truf-

tees, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same.

V. Provided always. That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fit or aft as a Just ice or Justices in

any Cafe where he or they is or are in any-ways direCUy or indirectly interested or concerned of or in the

Matter or Matters in Question; nor shall any Person whomsoever be sworn to serve on any Jury, or be

examined as a Witness, where he or she is any-ways direCUy or indireCUy interested or concerned.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall not take Possession of or enter

into any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until such Payment or Deposit of the Recompence

or Satisfaction assessed and adjudged as aforesaid shall be made, or in case of Rent, until the fame shall be

assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, otherwise than for the Purpose of surveying, taking a Level of and mark-

ing out the Ground which they intend to make Use of for the Purposes aforesaid, and which it shall and

may be lawful to and for them the said Trustees, with Workmen, Surveyors, and other proper Assistants,

to do from Time to Time, and at every convenient Time, doing thereby as little Damage as may be, and

Bfour Days Notice to the Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or Possessor of such Lands, Tenements, or

itaments, of the Time of coming to make such Survey, or to take such Levels, or to mark out such

Ground, in order that such Owner, Occupier, or Possessor, may be present, if he, she, or they shall

think fit, and making Satisfaction for all Damages that shall be done to any Grass or Corn by making

such Survey, taking such Level, or marking out such Ground, so as such Damage exceed the Value of

one Shilling.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the said

Trustees, their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, shall begin to erect the said Bridge, shall fuftiin any Da-

mage or Injury in his, her, or their Houses, Buildings, Lands, or other Hereditaments, (for which he*

(he, or they shall have had no Recompence) by any Act, Neglect or Default of the said Trustees, then

and in such Cafe the said Justices, or any two or more of them, shall esquire of and ascertain such Da-

mage and Recompence by a Jury to be impannelled and returned as aforesaid, in like Manner and Form as

Damages and Recompence are herein before appointed to be assessed and adjudged 5 and in Default of Pay-

ment thereof by a certain Day to be appointed by the said Justices, or any two or more of them, they the

said Justices, or any two or more of them, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, au-

thorise and impower such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of

the Goods and Chattels of the said Trustees, or of any one of them, together with such Costs and Charges

as such Justices, or any two or more of them, shall in such their Warrant direct, rendering to the said

Trustees or Trustee the Overplus (if any be) after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale; or

otherwise such Party or Parties so aggrieved shall and may have Remedy for the Sum of Money so assessed

and not paid, according to the Judgment of such Justices as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record, against the said Trustees, or

any one of them, or against their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being.

VIII. Provided always, That in case any VerdiCl or Assessment shall be given for more Money as a Recom-

Ernce or^Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any such Buildings*

ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Damage, than what shall have been agreed to

and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning such Jury, then the Costs and Ex-

pences of summoning the Jury and Witnesses, and of the said Justices, and all other Expences incident

thereto, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Tolls ariiine by virtue of this Act, or out of any

Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but in case the Verdict or Assessement given shall be for

no more or for less Money than shall have been first agreed to and offered by the said Trustees as aforesaid*

then such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees

shall have such Controversy or Dispute; any Law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every annual Rent or Rents to be agreed for or assessed as

aforesaid for any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time, as the fame

shall become due, be paid by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, half-yearly, to the Person

or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, and such Person or Person shall have the fame Estate and Interest

in such annual Rent or Rents as they would have had to the said Premises in case this Act had never been

made 5 and in Default of Payment thereof within Thirty Days after the fame shall become due, (and be-

ing lawfully demanded) it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time

be entitled to the said annual Rents, or any of them, to commence or prosecute one or more Action or

Actions at Law on the Cafe or in Debt against the said Trustees, or any one of them, or against their

Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, and shall and may upon such Action or Actions recover the Mo-

ney then due, together with Costs of Suit, and have such Remedies for the fame as are allowed by Lavr

in other Cafes.

X. And be it further enacted, That for and in Consideration of the great Charges the said Trustees*.

their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, will be obliged to defray in erecting the said Bridge, and*

repairing and supporting the fame, and also in doing and performing the several other Matters and Things

necessary, and herein before authorised to be done ana performed, the said Bridge when built shall be

and is hereby veiled in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators,. and Assigns, forever; and it*

shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to a(k, de*

mand, receive, recover, and take, to and for their own proper Use, Behoof, and Benefit, at any Turnpike

or Toll-house to be erected by virtue of this Act, before any Passage shall, be permitted through the fame*,

the several Sums following; that is to say*

4 Jot

