A.D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 78. 157

each have io 'o-

puufrnt V.’ulls.

House and House, or other Buildings, or between so much of such House and House, or other Buildings, as Mceptinfudi

shall not respectively have such separate and distindi Walls as aforesaid : And such Party-walls shall extend *am whpr"

to the outer Surfaces of the external Inclosures of each of the adjoining Houses or Buildings: And all

Party-walls, and also all Chimneys and Chimney-(hafts, hereafter to be built, shall be built wholly of

Rood found Bricks or Stone, or of good found Bricks and Stone together, except such Timber, Wood,

Lead, or Iron Work, as shall or may belaid therein, according to the Directions herein-after contained,

and also except such Piling, Bridging, or Planking, as may be necessary for the Foundation thereof; and

every such Party-wall shall be topped or coped with Stone, Tile, or Brick, and shall be of the Dimen-

fions herein-before directed 5 and one Half of every such Party-wall between House and House, or between

other Buildings, shall be built on the Ground or Scite of one of the adjoining Houses or Buildings, and

the other Half thereof shall be built on the Ground or Scite of the other of the adjoining Houses or

Buildings: and it shall belawful for the First Builder of any such Party-wall, and for the Workmen em-

ployed in building the fame, to enter upon the Ground adjoining thereto, in order to the building such

Party-wall in Manner aforesaid.

- XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. That every Party-wall which shall, after the said All Party, wall*

twenty-fourth Day of June* be built to any Dwelling-house, exceeding four Stories in Height from the *k6T?f°l,r St?m

Foundation thereof, exclusive of the Rooms (if any) in the Roof of either of the Buildings adjoining bu?k«v/tke*

thereto, shall be built in every Particular according to the Directions herein-before contained with respect First Rate,

to the Party-walls of the First Rate or Class of Building, notwithstanding such House shall not be of the

First Rate or Class of Building; and every Party-wall which shall, after the Time, aforesaid, be built to ro

any Dwelling-house containing four Stories in Height from the Foundation thereof, exclusive of the Fouith R«te

Rooms (if any) in the Roof of either of the Buildings adjoining thereto, shall be built in every Particular Houses, being

according to the Directions herein-before contained with respect to Party-walls of the Third Rate or Class fwrStor»ciH*h*

of Building, notwithstanding such House shall be of the Fourth Rate or Class of Building only. tbcTh rdRate

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted. That every internal Inclosure to be made, after rhe laid twenty- Mateiiaisof DU-

fourth Day of June, for separating any Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of vifiont of differ.

Building, from any other Building where such Buildings shall be in separate Occupations, and every Ad- entPofl'essions

dition or Enlargement to such internal Inclosure, shall be of Brick or Stone, or artificial Stone or Stucco, 5” FTbnd

or of Brick and *Stone, or artificial Stone or Stucco together; except such Timber, Wood, Lead* or ^Fouith*

IronWork, as may be laid therein, according to the Directions herein-after contained for external In- Rnc«.

closures to such First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, and also except such Piling,

Bridging, or Planking, as may be neccftary for the Foundation of the fame.

XVII. Aud it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in valuing the feverab Buildings MetV©4ofaf«iw.

herein-before declared to be of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, for the uinin^thcRuv*.

Purpose of ascertaining the Rate thereof, such Valuation to be made by the Surveyor or Surveyors to be

appointed pursuant to this A<St, for the Distr'uSt in which the Building is or may be firuated, by as true a

Measure and Estimation as the Nature of the Cafe will admit; and every such Building shall, notwith-

standing any Decay therein, be estimated and valued as if the Materials whereof the fame confrfls were

found, and the Work thereof new; and every such Building shall be estimated and valued at the several 1

Prices the like Materials and Workmanship shall be worth at the Time such Valuation shall be made; but

neither the Soil whereon any such Building stands, nor any Fence or Fence-wall (except the Railing to

Areas, and Steps before or behind such Building, made for the Purpose of inclosing the said Building,

with the Offices, Yard, or Appurtenances thereto belonging from any neighbouring Ground), nor an^

Biick or Stone arched Vault or Vaults, under the Surface of the Ground, either before or behind such

Building, nor any Lead, Covering, or Pavements, over such Vaults, nor such Parts of the Party-wall or

Party-walls to such Building as stand upon Ground not belonging to such House, shall be included in-an^

such Valuation; and in ascertaining the Squares of Building contained in every such Building, being a spires

Dwelling-house, the fame shall be taken by the Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid on the Level of the at the level « f

Floor, at the principal Entrance to such Dwelling-house, and no more than such Parts of the Party-walls ‘he Emrujccr

as belong to such Dwelling-house shall be included in such Admeasuresment: And in case the Own* r,

or any other Person interested in such Building, shall apprehend him or herself to be injured by the Ad-

measurement or Valuation made by such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such.

Owner or other Person to apply to the Mayor, or any two Justices of the Peace for the City of London,

if such Building, or any Part thereof, is fuuated within the said City, or^ otherwise ta any two Justices

within whose Jurisdiction the fame is situated ; and the said Mayor or Justices shall esquire into the Mat-

ter, and shall, by his or their Order, declare such Building to be of such Rate or Class as the fame (half

to him or them appear to be of, according to the Description of the several Rares or Classes herein-

before contained ; and it shall be lawful for any of the Parties between whom such Order shall be made to

appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, whose Order and De-

termination shall be binding and conclusive to all Panics.

XVIII. And be it further cna£Ud, That every Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Stablet and other Build-1FW1 Rafoof.

ing (except such Buildings, not being Dwelling-houses, as are herein-before particularly declared to be of

the First or Seventh Rare or Class of Building), which is or shall be at the Distance of four Feet, and

not eight Feet, from any publick Road, Street, or causeway, and is, or shall be, detached from any

other Building not in the fame Possession therewith sixteen Feet at the Icaft, and not thirty Feet, or con-

nected with any other Building only by a Fence or Fence-wall, shall be deemed to be of the fifth Rate or

Class of Building, and shall and may be built of any Dimensions whatever.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That every Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Stable, and other Build- slxthRateof

ing (except such Buildings, not being Dwelling-houses, as are herein-before particularly declared to be

of the First Rate or Class of Building), which is or shall be at the Distance of eight Feet from any pub-

. licit

