57*

tol. perCent.

allowed for dif-

covering, within

la Months, any

Part of a Pri-

soner's Eft ate

not computed in

his Schedule.

Discharge ob-

tained fraudu-

Icntly, void.

Person3 conceal-

ing any Estate

or Eft'efls of the

Prisoner, forfeit

lool. and

Doub'e Value,

with Treble

Cost* of Suit.

/ffigneer, with

Consent of the

Majority in Va-

lue of the Cre-

ditors may com-

pound for Debts

doe to the Pri-

foner’* Estate;

and trey submit

any Dispute re-

lating thereto to

Arbitration*

If Assignees die

bcfoic the Ef-

sects of the Pri-

foner* are got

in; and their

Heiist&c. re-

fuse to act, other

Assignees to be

appointed,

and Cred'tors to

t/btain a new

Assignrrent

fr. m ihe Clerk

of the Peace,

vhwh the Juf-

t ecs are to di-

re c>.

CJ:rk of the

i'eacc to obey

the I -rder, as if

no A fiignnient

had Lccu

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.* A.D. 1776.

prehend such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the Com-

mon Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall sub-

mit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall,

by such Justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons,

who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in

and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate, as shall not be com-

prised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of

twenty Pounds per Centumy out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be re-

covered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the fame, by

the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or Pri-

foners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any

Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Cafe, every such Dif-

charge shall be void, and of none Effe<ft.

‘ LVII. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be discharged

by virtue of this A<ft/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall

have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, Real or Personal,

of any such Prisoner, from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees

shall, in pursuance of this A<d, be chose of any such Prisoner’s Estate, discover and disclose to such

Assignee or Assignees, such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to such

Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one

hundred Pounds, and also Double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for

the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner; to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majestys

Courts of Record at IVcflminJ}ery in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s

Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times

hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees, of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall

be chose in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or

Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held on twenty-one Days public Notice

being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in

Custody in London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, apd if not, then also in feme Newspaper,

which mall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been

in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors, or Accountants, to such Prisoner or

Prisoners, where the fame shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of any

such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and

also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons

for or on Account, or by Reason or Means of any Matter, Cause, or Thing, relating to such Prisoner or

Priforters’ Estate and Efl'eds, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner

or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Af-

signees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall

have no Difference; and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them,

or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference or Dispute between them, in such Manner as

the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the

fame shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Assignee or

Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what tfiey shall fairly do in the Premises, in pursuance of

this Act.

4 LIX. And whereas, under former Acts of this Nature, no Provision was ever made as to what (houli

become of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, not got in, ob-

c tained or recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts, at

the Time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and

4 Assigns, refused to ad or meddle therein;’ to remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such Cafes, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugi-

tives, to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees in Manner and Form as herein before is directed, and to ob-

tain a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting

as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are

hereby required and impowertd to direct, son due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of

such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Af-

signs, to ad or meddle therein ;) and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, 1'own Clerk, or other

Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, are hereby impowered to obey the fame, and execute such Assign-

ment accordingly, in Manner and Form a< if no former Assignment had ever been made; the said Assignee

or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the

Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act, relative to them or any of them;

and to he liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by vi.tue of this

Aid, for Disobedience in airy Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee

or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executor®, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to nd, that then,

and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees,

with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the fai-J Justices shall hive Power, m

afuinmaty Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Assignee or Af-

(igt.ees.

c.

