*S6

eacul Iffut.

BwiVlaCofts.

txpenrti 6f tM*

AA how to be

ptid«

Fublkk A*.

Gw arp Anno deeur.o qtfinto GfeofcGii ItT. A<D-. 1775,

such Action or Aftiom, Suit or Suits, (hT. be so brought; and every such Action shall bp brought, laid,

and tried, in the County of Midaiefex, *i>J n ;t in any o«her County or Place; and the Defendant or De-

fendants in such, A&i'>ns and mils, and evdiv, of them, may plead the General I due, and give th‘*s Act,

and the speoal Matter, in Evidence, at any T.ial or Trial3 which shall be had thereupon, anti that the

Matter or Thing for whkh fuen Action ot Actions, Suit or Suns, fha.ll be so brought, was done in pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this* Act: And if such Matter cr Thing shall appeac to have been so done*

or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as

aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered , as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit

shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Pur pole limited, or {hall be laid in any other

.County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defench^nt or Dftendanrs

therein; and iF a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or ff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited^ or suffer a Discontinuance of such

Action or Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in fuen Action or Actions, Judgment shall

be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein* then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such De-

fendant or Defendants shall have double Cods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as

any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cafes by Law*

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and other

Charges and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the Monies remaining

in or coming to the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Paid Parish, or out of

the first Monies that shall be raised by the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, or out of any Money

to be borrowed on the Credit thereof.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (halt be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice

as a Publick Act and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof

as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

The SCHED U L E referred to, containing the Form of Proceedings,

Warrant of Dislrefs for Nonpayment of the Rates ^ See.

Middlesex ^ To wit- To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the PariQl of Saint James,

4 Clerkenioell, in the County of Middlesex, and to all Constables, Head boroughs, ana other

4 Peace Officers, for the same County.

4 TX/H ERE AS, in pursuance and by Authority of an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of

4 ” the Reign of King George the Third, 44 For building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and

w Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Jatnes> Cierkenwell\ in the County of Middkfexf

the under-mentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants. Occupiers, or

4 Enjoyers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cdach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, 6r other

4 Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of some Building or Tenement, within the said Parish

4 of Saint James, ClerkenwelL, Were and are truly rated and assessed, or liable to pay the Rate and Rates

4 duly made for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the said Persons have refilled or neglected to

4 pay the several Sums of Money at and against their Names hereunto respectively let down, for Money

4 due from them, for 6r towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and

4 Sums of Money ate (fill remaining due, in arrear, and unpaid, a* appeareth upon Oath to u», two of

4 his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and the said several Sums having beeta

4 demanded, and neglected to be paid, and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before

4 us, to answer the rretaifes, as also appeareth to U9, the said Justices. upon Oath, and they nor either of

4 them having shewn any sufficient Cause: These are therefore, in his Majesty’s Name, to will and rc-

4 quire you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums of Money due from the said Persons,

and hereunder joined to or set against their Names respectively, by Distress and Sale of their respective

4 Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chattels being Jcept by the Space of five Days before the fame arse

4 fold), rendering to them respectively the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges of such Distress,

4 Sale, and Keeping, being first deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then

4 you certify the fame to us, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein as to Law doth ap-

4 pertain. And we do hereby strictly charge and command all and finguhr the Constables, Head boroughs,

and other his Majesty’s Peace Officers for the said County of Middlesex, to be aiding and assisting in ail

4 Things relating to the Premises.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Persons Names.

J.B. - —

CD. — —

£ F. the Landlord for divided

G. H. &c. —

Sums due.

£. s. 4.

Jl arrant

