94-

C. 49.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

A. P. 1774.

the Justices of the Peace, at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place

wherein such House or Place shall be licuated.'

Justice* to grant XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Tuftices of the Peace, at any* General Quarter Sessions of

Licences at Gc- the Peace, to be holden for any such County or Place, are hereby aiithorifed and required to grant Licences

Sessions^VnTre. *° ^cr^on and Persons as (nail apply for that Purpose, such rerfon or Persons paying for each Licence

cciv'c^oV*every the Sums following; (that is to say) for each and every House, wherein there Hull be kept any Number

House keeping7 of Lunaticks, not exceeding ten, the Sum of ten Pounds, and no more; and for each and every House,

not exceeding io wherein there shall be kept above the Number of ten Lunaticks, the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and no more;

Lunaticks, 10I. and that no onc Licence shall authorise any Person or Persons to keep more Houses than one for the Recep-

tion of Lunaticks, nor shall any such Licence be granted for any longer Term than for one Year; and the

said Justices shall, at the Time of granting such Licences as aforesaid, nominate and appoint two Justices

of the Peace Tor the said County, and also one Physician, to visit and insped all such Houses as shall be

licensed by such Jhftices as aforesaid; and the said Justices and Physicians, so nominated and appointed, or

any two of them, whereof the Physician to be one, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to visit,

in the Day-time, every House so licensed, within the County where such House or Place shall be so licensed,

as often as they foall think fit.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices and Physician, so nominated, or such of them

as shall visit any licensed House as aforesaid, may, at every Visitation, if they think necessary, make, or

cause to be made. Minutes, in Writing, of the State and Condition of every House which they shall visit,

of Houfii tlon* as to ^are Pat'ents therein, and all such other Particulars as they (nail think deserve their Notice,

......* together with their Observations thereuponall which Minutes shall be entered, by way of Report, in a

Reeifter to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk of the Peace for the County where such House or Houses

sad for above

that Number

Justices, at Vi

Stations, to

make Minute*

which Minute*

are to be enter-

Secretary. ^

Sums of Money for his Trouble in the Execution of this Act as the said Justices shall order and direct; and

all Money to be paid for such Licences as shall be granted by the said Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, ,

shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, who shall keep an Account thereof, in a Book or Books

to be kept for that Purpose, and shall account for the fame to the said Justices, as often as he shall be re-

quired so to do; and all Expences attending the Execution of this Act, (except within the Cities of London

and Westminster, and within seven Miles thereof, and also except within the said County of Middlejex)

shall be defrayed out of such Money as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Justices shall, from Time to

Time, within their respective Counties, order and direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That at such General Quarter Session, when such Justices and Phyfi-

cian shall be appointed as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace shall take the like Oath as is appointed by this

Act to be taken by the Secretary of the Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enidled. That in case the Keeper of any House or Place for the Reception of

...... Lunaticks, not being within the said City of London or Westminster, or within seven Miles of the fame, or

the Justice* and within the said County of Middlesex, shall, in the Day-time, refuse the said Justices and Physician, on such

I’hyficianjtofor- Visitation, Admittance, at any 7'ime or Times, into such House or Place as aforesaid, the Master or

«ncfthC r Keeper of such House or Place shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Licence.

ifTkeeper do XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of any House or Place

not give Notice for the Reception of Lunaticks, not being within the said City of London or lVcftminJiery or within seven

of the Receipt Miles of the fame, or within the said County of Middlesex, shall, and is hereby required, to give such

< I 1.4/ \ T - - . _ ^ /* 1 _ ^ ^ t_ _ i__T ^ 1 / r t x 1 iii

CWk of the

Peace to take

the Secretary*

Oath.

Keepers refuting

Admittance to

House or Place; and every Keeper of any such licensed House or Place, who (hall'admit, harbour, enter-

tain, or confine, any Person as a Lunatick, without having an Order in Writing, under the Hand and

Seal of fomc Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, that such Person is proper te be received into such House

or Place as a Lunatick, or shall receive any Lunatick into any such House or Place, having such Order,

and shall not give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Lid Commissioners, within the Time, and in the

Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Earned”to.XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted as aforesaid, either by the

Person, without said Commissioners or Justices of th® Peace, as aforesaid, unless, upon granting such Licence, the Person

Recognitancein to whom such Licence is granted shall enter into Recognizance to the Xing’s Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-

icoi. with Sure* ceflors, in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties, each in the Sum of fifty Pounds,

ties* or one sufficient Surety in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, under the usual Conditions, for the good Beha-

viour of such Person during the Time for which such Licence shall be granted.

The Chancellor XX iX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Chancellor of Great

to order the Britain, or Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or the Lord Chief

or°hftic« mu J^*ce ^ourc of King’s Bench, or the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the

licensed111* l'ime being, may, at any Time or Times, by any written Order, airedled to the Commissioners appointed

Houtir*, and to by this Act, or to the Justices of the Peace and Physician, appointed Visitors, at any General Quarter

make Report; Session, require the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the said Visitors, or any two of

them, to visit or inspect any House or Houses so licensed; and also to make a Report to him or them,

touching such Matters as they shall, in such Orders, be directed to inquire into, or as they shall think

they may also deserving his or their Lordships Notice; and the said Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Com-

fcttd for, and mifiaoners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, or the

3 Lord

