294

How Fine* (lull

be levied and

applied.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

theQMarter

Sessions,

Limitation of

A&ioni.

General I flue.

Treble Colt*.

Publick Act#

Preamble.

Ad 6 k 7 Gul.

III.

ASt tiGeotlh

recited.

After July 5,

1775, Ma*

jesty, &c. to ap-

point Commis-

/ioneri for ad*

'measuring and

marking all

Kecli, Boats,

Waggons, Scc.

used for carrying

Coals, Sec, as by

Ad 6 k 7 Cul.

m.

G. 26, 27. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

in pursuance of this Act, and how, and to whom, and when, and for what Purposes, the fame have been

laid out, paid, and expended; a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by the said Justices, or

the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the

said County for the Time being, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace, who shall

permit any Person so rated or afi'efled, las aforesaid, to inspect the fame at all feasonable Times, paying Six-

pence for such Inspection; and shall upon Demand forthwith give Copies of the fame, or any Part

thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of one Shilling for every one hundred Words, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or less Number.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereby In-

flifted or authorised to be imposed, shall be recovered by Distress and Sale] of the (Offender's Goods and

Chattels, by a Warrantor Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more

justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hertford; and in case sufficient Distress shall not

e found, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to

the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the said County, there to remain, without Bail-or Main-

prize, for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until the said Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall

be paid; and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be paid into the Hands of the Trea-

surer of the said County, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall apprehend themselves

overcharged or otherwise aggrieved by any Assessment or other Act to be made or done by virtue of this

present Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their next Quarter Sessions held for the

laid County, after Demand of the Monies addled, or after such other Act done, who shall and may make

such Order therein as to them, or the major Part of them, then and there present shallfeem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit

shall be brought and commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not af-

terwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Hertford, and not elsewhere; and the Defend-

ant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffiie, and give this Act and the

Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be-

come nonsuit, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendantor Defendants shall ai\d may recover Treble Costs, and have such

Remedy for such Costs as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cafes by

Law.

XXT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shaft be deemed and taken to

be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such, without

foecially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for toe

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages used in loading Coals on Board

Ships at the several Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as at the Ports of New-

castle and Sunderland.

-c XT/HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of hi*

late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels

and Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging; and by another Act, made

in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Keels, and all other Car-

4 riages used for the Carriage of Coals in the Ports of Newcastle upon Tyne 2nd Sunderland, upon the River

4 Jvear, and all other Places within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, are to be admeasured

and marked, as in and by the said first-recited Act is directed ! And whereas the said Admeasurement of

4 Keels and other Carriages, used for the Conveyance of Coals, in order to be shipped from those Ports,

4 hath been found by Experience to tend greatly to the Accommodation of Trade, and the Security of

the Publick Revenue; and it is expedient that the Carriages used in loading Coals on Board Ships or

4 Vessels in other Parts of Great Britain (houId be also admeasured and marked, in order that the Coal

4 Trade throughout the Kingdom may be put upon a more equal Footing, and the Duties payable to his

Majesty thereon may be more effectually secured and collected may it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July. one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-five, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their

Commission or Commissions issuing out of the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively,

to nominate and appoint Commissioners for the admeasuring and marking all Keels, Boats, Waggons,

Barrows, Carts, and Coups, and all other Vessels or Carriages whatsoever, which now are or hereafter

may be used in the Carriage of Coals, in order to be laden on Board any Ship or Vessel for Exportation to

foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise from any other Port or Place of this Realm, in the fame Man-

ner as such Commissioners are appointed in pursuance of the said firffi»recucd Act for admeasuring and mark*

inf

5

