$8o

partition to A -

mer:ca, may, in-

stead thereof, be

kept to Hard La-

bour in cleansing

the River

Thamesy &c. for

auy Teim not

less than three,

nor more than

ten Y ears.

In case his Ma-

jt rty should ex-

tend his Mercy

t,>any Male con-

tided of any

Felony for which

he is liable to

fufter Death,

the Judge may

order the Offen-

der to be kept to

Hard Labour,

for the Time

specified by the

Secretary of

State.

When any Of-

fender shall be

ordered to Hard

Labour, the

Clerk of the Af-

(jse, dec. shall

give a Certifi-

cate to the She-

riff or Gaoler,

who shall deliver

such Offender

and Certificate

to the Oterfeery

Ac.

Expence* incur-

red in Convey-

ance of Offen-

der* to be paid by

the County, dec.

Overseer to have

the fame Power

over Offenders

in hi* CuilotJy as

a Sheriff or

Gaoler.

Offenders to ba

kept to Hard La-

bour in railing

Sand and Gravel

from rh«

Thame?, See,

Offenders not to

be employed in

ddivf rirgBjllaft

to Mafleis of

Ships, dec.

Offenders to he

fed with Bread*

coarse F< od, and

Wafer or Small

Beer.

No Person to

{apply them with

any other Food,

Ac. on Penalty

yf 40 s,

C. 43. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776

of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Crime

for which he shall be liable by~Law to a Sentence of Transportation to any of his Majesty’s Colonies or

Plantations in America, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Person shall be (o

convicted, or any Court held for the same Place with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the

Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be punished by

being kept to Hard Labour in the raising Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing the River 'Thames,

or any other Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of the said River, under the Management and Di-

rection of an Overseer or Overseers, to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the County of

Middlesex, at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, for the fame Term of Years as the

Transportation for the said Offence might by Law have been adjudged, or for such (horterTerm as such

Court shall think fit to order and adjudge; provided that the fame shall in no Cafe bclefs than three Years,

or more than ten Years.

II. And be it further enacted. That where any Male Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminerf

or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace for any County, Riding, Di-

vision, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be

lawfully convicted of any Robbery, or other Felony, for which he shall by Law be liable to fufter Death

without Benefit of Clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the Royal Mercy to any

such Offender, upon Condition of being kept to Hard Labour for the Term of Ten Years, or any other

shorter Time to be specified, in the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid ; and such Inten-

tion of Mercy shall be notified in Writing by one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to the Judge

orjustice of Over and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, in any County, City, or Place, before whom any

such Offender (nail be convicted or condemned, it shall and may be lawful for every such Judge or Justice

of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, to make an Order for allowing forthwith to every such

Offender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, in the same Manner as if there was a Pardon under the:

Great Seal; and may and shall adjudge, that every such Offender shall be kept to Hard Labour, in the

Custody of such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, for the Time specified in the Notification from such

Secretary of State.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender shall be ordered to be kept to Hard Labour,

in Manner aforesaid, or as herein after is directed, the Clerk of the Afiize, Clerk of the Peace, or other

Clerk of the Court by which such Order shall be made, shall give to the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the

Custody of such Offender, a Certificate in Writing, under his Hand, containing an Account of the

Christian Name, Surname, and Age of such Offender; of his Offence, of the Court before whom be

was convicted, and of the Term for which he shall be so ordered to Hard Labour ; and the Sheriff, or

Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, shall, with all convenient Speed, after the making of any

such Order, and receiving of such Certificate, convey such Offender, or cause him to be conveyed, to

such Place within England; and also deliver such Offender, or cause him to be delivered, together with the

said Certificate, to such Overseer t>r Overseers as aforesaid; and the Overseer or Overseers, to whom any

such Offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing, under his or their Hand or

Hands, which shall be a sufficientDrfcharge to the Sheriff, or Gaoler, so delivering such Offender.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler, in the Convey-

ance of any such Offender as aforesaid, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Borough, Town, or Place, for which the Court, ordering such Punishment by Hard Labour instead of

Transportation to America, shall be held ; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such

Expences from the Treasurer for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or

Place, by Order of the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarterly, or other General Session, who are hereby

required to make such Order accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted. That, after Delivery of any such Offender, as aforesaid, into the Custody

to which he shall be adjudged, the Overseer or Overseers, who shall have the Custody of such Offender,

shall, during the Term for which he shall be ordered to Hard Labour, have the fame Powers over such

Offender as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler; and in case of any Abuse of the Custody,

or other Misbehaviour in Discharge of his Office, shall be liable to the fame Punishment as a Gaoler;

and also shall, during such Term as aforesaid, keep such Offender to Hard Labour, either in raising Sand,

Soil, and Gravel from, and cleanfipg the Thames, or in any other laborious Service for the Benefit of the

Navigation of tht Thames, but at such Places only, and subject to such Directions, Limitations, and Re-

ftri&ions, as the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity House shall from Time to Time pre-

scribe. -

VI. - Provided nevertheless, That such Offenders {hall, in no Cafe, be employed in delivering Tonnage

of Ballad to Matters and Commanders of Ships, but only in digging, raising, and taking up, the Gravel,

Sand, and Soil, from the Shelves and Sand-banks of the said River of Thames, and in discharging the

fame upon the Shore, above the High-water Mark, or in some other laborious Service for the Benefit of

the Navigation of the Thames.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be ordered to Hard Labour, in the Custody

of such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, shall, during the Time of such Service, be fed and sustained

with Bread, and any coarse or inferior Food, and Water, or Small Beer, and also cloathed 5 and such

Offender shall not, during the Term of such Service, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink, or

Cloaihing, than such as shall be so allotted to them; and if any Person shall supply any such Offender*

at any t ime during the Term of his said Service, with any Drink, Food, or Cloathing, other than such

as shall be so directed or permitted, he or she so supplying shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum

not exceeding forty Shillings.

VIII. And

