57

A. D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C, 23.

and Work 3 as now arc or shall be uftd for the draining the said Fen Lands, or any of them, without any

(Jbftruftion thereto.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said new Cut to be made from the Sea Sluice to the The new Cut,

Drain called Vnnat\ Drain, shall he carried nearly in a parallel Line with the River Holland on the North to be made frtm

Side thereof, from theinten-ied Sea Sluice, over the Lands and Grounds of Shad-worth Hcdgfon, Gentleman, ^e\~hn,cc.l<*

to Lands belonging to the R’ght Horourable Stuart, commonly called Lord Linton, and 7Oj^ii^bc carried

mas A leafive. Gentleman; then al >ng the boundary Line between the said Lands belonging to the said inaparalM Line

Lord Lint n and Thomas Menfure \ then along the boundary Line, between the Lands belonging to Sir with the River

Samjfon Gideon, Baronet, and Graham IVilkinJ'on, Gentleman, to the present Drain callcJ Vernads Drain; Welland,

any Fhing in this Act, or the said former Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided .1K0, and be it enacted, That all the Earth which shall be taken out in making the said new parth taken cut

Cut, shall be equally laid on each Side of the said Cut. of new Cut to be

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Powers given to the Commissioners n’^

of Sewe.s by the said Ail of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, ni^g of°-

to (hut down the Sluice at Pod eh ole aforesaid, and to flop the said Drain called Vernad s Drain for the Space Scweis, respect-

of two Months in every Year, in order to drain the Lands in Pinchbeck and Spalding, shall, from and imme- in* the (hutting

diately after the/aid Adventurers shall have opened and scoured the said Drain called Tern acts Drain, and Podehole Sluice,

laid down the Floor, and crcfted the said Sea Sluice, and also the said Sluice at Podehole, in Manner afore- &Ct altered*

hid, cease and determine; and it shall not be lawful for the Lid Commissioners hereafter to flop the Sluice

and Doors to be set down at Podehole aforesaid for any greater Space of Time than twenty-eight Days in the

Course of any one Year, to be reckoned from the first Day of 'January in one Year to the fiift Day of

January in the succeeding Year ; and that the said Sluice and Doors shall not at any Time be flopped by the

laid Commissioners for more than three succeslive Days together, within the Space of fourteen Days, in

order that thcie shall always be reserved to the said Adventurers a clear Interval of eleven Days between

the different Times of setting down the said Sluice and Doors as aforesaid, for the running or carrying off

the Fen Wafers; any Thing contained in the said recited Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of

King Charles the Second, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary hereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- Commoner*

missioners of Sewers, at any of their Courts to be holden for the Parts ot Holland, and they are hereby of may

authorised and impowered, to order and direct any Tunnel or Tunnels to belaid through the Bank or Banks

of the said Drain called Vernads Drain, for the Purpose and Conveniency of draining the Lands adjoining * e

upon the said Drain, or for the taking Water out of the said Drain into the said Lands, at such Time and

Times, and in such Manner, as they shall think fit; but no Tunnel or Tunnels (lull be laid through the

said Bank or Banks of the said Drain by the Owner or Occupier of any Lands adjoining thereto, without

the Leave or Consent of the Commissioners of Sewers ; and in case any such Owner or Occupier, having

such Leave or Consent, shall, by laying any Tunnel or Tunnels through the said Banks, do any Injury or

Damage to the said Banks, the Commissioners of Sewers are hereby required, at some of their Courts to be

holden for the Parts of Holland, as aforesaid, to order the fame to be made good, at the Expence of such

Owner or Occupier.

XII. Provided always, That the said Adventurers, their Heirs or Assigns, shall not be answerable for any Adventurers not

Damage that may arise to any Lands, either from such Tunnels being laid through such Banks as aforesaid, tr* be aniweubie

.with or without such Leave as aforesaid, or from any Neglect in the Coiyt of Sewers to order such Bank

or Banks to be repaired after such Tunnels shall be laid down as aforesaid ; any Thing contained in the 1c!*

said recited Act or Acts, or any of them, or in this present Act, to the contrary hereof in anywise not-

withstanding.

4 XIII. And whereas by Reason of the Narrowncfs of the Arches of Surjlcet Bridge, and Cross Gate Bridge Adsrentiers

€ in Pinchbeck, over the River Glen, the Waters coming down the said River are greatly obstructed in their 1X1 a> ^,1), d”'vn

• Course,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Adventurers shall, and they are f^r/ard' Cio£

hereby authorised and required, within twelve calendar Months from the Day of the passing this Act, to gate Bridges,

take down the said Surjlcet Bridge, and, within the Time aforesaid, to build another good and suficient

Bridge in the Stead thereof, of not less Capacity and Dimensions than the present Bridge in Pinchbeck zforc-

said, called Money Bridge; and the said Adventurers are hereby also required to enlarge the said Bridge

called Cross Gate Bridge to a Water w ay of thirty Feet within the Space of two calendar Months from the

Time Surjlcet Bridge shall be rebuilt as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That the said Adventurers shall, and they are hereby required to cause Gravel Frvv,

the Drain called Gravel Drain to be properly scoured and cleansed, and the Bank thereof, on the Side next &c.tobe icoured.

the said Fens, to be properly (Lengthened ; and to make and continue the said Drain and Bank to the

North-east Corner of a certain Place called Swine's Meadow; and also to make a strong and sufficient Dam

at the South End of the said Drain, to convey the Water Northward into the Counter lVaJh\ and also tho-

roughly repair and enlarge the South Bank of the Counter Drain, and widen and deepen the said Counter

Drain from the End of Gravel Drain to Podehole Sluice aforesaid, for the carrying oft' and conveying the

upland Waters along Vernads Drain to the Sea, without overflowing the said Fens.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Adventurers shall, and are The Sr* siuxe

hereby required, in the first place, to cause the said Sluice, called The Sea Sluice, and the Sluice called and Podehole

Podehole Sluice, to be built and opened, and the new Cut, and Vernads Drain, to be made and widened, *?h»ce, ,n the,

from the said Sea Sluice to Poddoole Sluke, as herein-before directed ; and until such Time that such Works

shall have been completed, it shall not be lawful for the Lid Adventurers to do or perform the Works herein- deued.

before directed to be done or performed upon the Drain called Gravel Drain, and the Bank thereof, to

.Sili nc's Meadow, the Dam to be made at the South End of the said Drain, the South Bank of the Counter

Vol. XII. I Drain,

e

