346

Commissioner?,

it*powered to

pave and alter

Streets, See. ;

to dig an* carry

awajStonts.&c.j

to raifir, lower,

or finlc the

Ground ;

to take up and

remove Water-

pipes. &c. ;

to remove Pro*

js&ions, Arc.

to employ Work-

men ;

and to contract

with any I’erlons

for the Peiform-

ance of the

Worki.

40s. Penalty on

Breach of Con-

tract, above the

Penalty ftipu-

lated.

Actions may be

brought for Re-

covery of Penal-

ties,

Commissioners

may fell the old

Materials, Sec.

Any Person re-

pairing Pave-

ment other than

those employed

by the Commis-

fteners, or ob-

flrufting the

Work, to forfeit

4 os.

Property of

Pavement and

Materials vested

in the Commis-

lioners ;

40 ». Penalty on

injuring the

fame.

P.ivcment may

be taken up for

repairing Wa-

ter-pipes, fee.

Six Hours after

fuchRepair, No-

tice to be given to

the Commission*

cis Pariour.

Comrrufltonert

may contract for

paving Pipe

Trenches,

giving 14 Day*

Notice in some

publick News

Paper,

C. 54. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775,

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may,

and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, after the fiift Meeting, to cause,

order, and direct the several Streets, Lanes, and Places herein-after mentioned, within the Parish of Saint

Paul, Shadzvelly aforesaid; that is to say. The said Lane called New Gravel Lane, and the said several

Streets leading from the South End of the said Lane to the North End of CockhilL comprehending ll'ap-

ping Wall, 1Shtidwell Deck Street, the End of New Street, Codpiece Row, and Cochhill, and also Fox's Lane,

or by what other Names they may have been called or known, and the several Courts, Yards, Alleys,

PafLges, and other Places, opening into or communicating with the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof,

to he new paved or repaired as ^hey shall think proper; and for such Purposes may, from Time to Time,

cause to be dug, carted, and carried away, out of, or brought into the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof,

such Gravel Stones and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may like wife cause the Ground

thereof to be raised, lowered, or funk, the Course of the Channels and Gutters running in or through

the fame to be turned or altered, and new Channels or Gutters to be made; and the Water-pipes which

now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, under Ground, as also the Grates over the Sewers, to be taken up,

removed, replaced, laid, or altered, in such Manner as they shall judge heft; and may cause all Posts,

Pales, Rails, Bulks, Stalls, Dung holes, Shew^glasses, Shevv-hoards, Steps, and Doors, and other Mat-

ters and Things projecting into or encroaching on the Foot-way, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as

they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary and expedient; and may employ such Artificers, Work-

men, Labourers, and others, and may do all and every other Act and 'Thing for the accomplishing the

aforesaid Ends and Designs as they shall think necessary, and shall pay for the fame out of the Monies to

be raised by virtue of this Act: And for the Purposes aforesaid, may contract, by Deed or other Writing,

with any Person or Persons in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge adviseable; and

for the Non-performance of, or Non-compliance with, any Covenant, Agreement, Engagement, or Un»

dertaking entered into with the said Commissioners, the Person or Persons so covenanting, agreeing, en-

gaging, or undertaking, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and recovered upon Infor-

mation before any Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions herein-after contained, touching such

Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed (as the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not hereby

otherwise particularly directed j, over and above any Penalty ex pressed in such Covenant, Contraft, or

Agreement, or the Damages that may be assigned thereon: And the said Commissioners are hereby autho-

rifed and impowered to commence and prosecute any Action or Suit, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Wcjhmnjler, againR any Person or Persons so contrafting, and neglecting to perform such Con-

tract or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or Penalties expressed therein, or any Damage or Damages which

shall be assigned thereon, and shall recover in any such Action or Suit, together with Costs of Suit; ia

which Action no Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have full

Power and Authority from Time to Time to work up, or to sell and dispose of, all or any Part of the old

Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, and to

apply the Purchase-money to the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, other than

the Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners, shall pave, repair, or otherwise intermeddle with

the Pavement of any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, which shall

be broke up or damaged; or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or

moled, any Officer or Woikman, Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be employed by virtue of this

Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty; every such Person so offending shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the present and

future Pavements of the said Streets, Lancs, and Places authorised to be paved, and of all other Materials

and 'Things which shall be provided and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the fame

are hereby vested in the Commissioners for the 'Time being; and in case any Damage or Injury shall be

done thereto, the Person or Persons doing, or occasioning the fame to be done, shall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay the Penalty of forty Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall

be lawful for the Commissioners of Sewers, and Companies of Waterworks, or other Person or Persons

whatsoever, to take up the said Pavement for the Purpose of cleansing, emptying, amending, or repairing

any Sewer, Water-pipe Plug, Draih, Vault, or other nccelLry Purpose whatsoever; and the Person or

Persons employed therein, or directing the said Works, shall prosecute the fame with all convenient

Speed, and shall, within the Space of fix Hours next after the finifiiing thereof, give Notice thereof in

Writing to the Paviour, or Person employed or appointed by the said Commissioners for repairing the Pave-

ment of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, or in Default thereof shall

forfeit twenty Shillings for such his or their Neglect; 2nd the said Commissioners Paviour shall, within

the Space of two Days after receiving such Notice, proceed to, and shall, with all convenient Speed, ef-

fcftually and substantially repair and make good the Pavement so broken up, damaged, or injured, or in

Default thereof shall forfeit forty Shillings for such his Neglect.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and

impowered, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract with

any Person or Persons for paving and keeping in Repair the Pavement over the Water Trenches belonging

to any of the Water Companies; but that no such Contraft shall be made unless previous to the making

thereof fourteen Day*; Notice at the lend shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing

the Intention of such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may

make Proposals for that Purpose, at the Time and Place in such Notice mentioned*

XVI. And

