379

A.D. i77Sa Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 62.

4 XXIX. And, to the End a sufficient Sum of Money may speedily be raised for the Purposes afbre-

said, and for the better securing the Repayment of the lame/ be it further enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, subject

and without Prejudice to the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, by Indenture or Writing under their Hands

and Seals, to convey, assign, and assure the Rates and Duties granted by this A&, or any Part thereof, as

« Security for any Sum ot Sums of Money by them to be borrowed, not exceeding the Sum of three thou-

sand Pounds, for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, to any Person or Perfotis, Natives or Foreigners, or

Bodies Politick or Corporate, that shall or will lend or advance the fame, for securing the Payment there-

of, with Interest (after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum) ; which said Sum shall be paid into

the Hands of the Trustees, or of the Treasurer or Treasurers by them appointed.

XXX. And be it further cna&ecJ* That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any such Alignment

w Alignments of the aforesaid Rates and Duties shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money lent by him, her, or them, on the

Credit of the said Rates and Duties, and his, her, or their Assignec or Assignees, may, and are hereby

impowered, from Time to Time, to transfer or assign over such Security or Securities, and all the Mo-

nies that shall be due thereon, to any other Person or Persons.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money already advanced, and

yrhich shall be advanced by way of Loan, as aforesaid, and the Interest payable for the fame, shall be

•paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the said Rate? and Duties hereby

granted,/ in the Priority and Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. That a Memorandum or Entry of all such Alignments or Securities

su shall be made for Money already or hereafter to be advanced by way of Loan, at Interest as aforesaid,

dfraU be made in a Book, which is. hereby required to be kept by such Person or Persons as the said Truf-

tees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said Trustees, in

such Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, dull appoint; which Entry or

Memorandum shall be made gratis.

t XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Interest of any Sum or Sums

of Money already advanced* or to be advanced, by way of Loan as aforesaid, shall be in Arrear and un-

paid for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Time or Times when the fame is. are, or shall

'be made and become payable by Force and Virtue of this A&, the said Rates and Duties (half from thence-

forth vest in the Person or Persons to whom such Interest shall be so in Arrear as aforesaid, until the fame

iball be fully paid and (atrsfied, together with all Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment of

the faqje; and all and every such rerfon and Persons shall have toe fame Power, Right, and Privilege of

collecting, receiving, and levying the said Rates and Duties, payable by virtue of this A&, as the said

Trustees, or the Codc&ors or Receivers appointed by them, could have had in case the said littered had

been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And belt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying and keeping down the

said annual Sum of ten Pounds, herein-before provided for, the Money neccilary to complete the said.

'Quay, Wharf, and other Works hereby authorised to be made, together with Interest for the fame, after

the Kate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall, in the fiift Place, be paid off and discharged; and,

iirthe second Place, the Money already subsenbed and paid shall be discharged by Dividends from Time

to Time, with Interest, as the Rates and Duties aforesaid shall accrue and be paid : Provided, that in case

any Accident shall happen to the said Quay and Pier, the Money already subscribed and paid, or such Part

thereof as shall then remain undischarged, shall so remain, and the Repayment thereof suspended until

such Damages shall be repaired, and the Charges and Expences attending such Repair shall be fully paid

and satisfied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That when and so (bon as the several Sums of Money already and

hereafter to be advanced, with Interest, shall, in Manner aforesaid, be discharged and satisfied, ana the

capital Sum of one thousand Pounds shall have been raised, saved, and placed out in some of the publick

Funds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the said Trustees, which they are hereby authorised

to do, and, from Time to Time, to apply the Interest and Proceed thereof for keeping down the Pay-

ment of the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, and to maintain, support, and repair the said Pier and Wharf;

that then, and from thenceforth, the Rates and Duties payable in respe& of British Vessels and Mer-

chandife shall cease and determine: Provided, that in case any extraordinary Accident shall happen to the

said Pier and Wharf, by which the said capital Sum of one thousand Pounds shall be reduced, or the In-

terest thereof, and the other Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall not be sufficient to pay the said an-

nual Sum of ten Pounds, and defray the Expence of the Repair of such Accident, then the Rates and

Duties for and in respe& of British Vessels and Merchandises shall be revived, and be collected in such and

the same Manner and Proportions as are herein-before directed, so as that such Rates and Duties shall not

exceed the Rates and Duties herein-before granted, and shall be applied towards the repairing the said Pier

and Wharf, and in the replacing the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof, as shall have

rbeen expended for the Support of the said Pier and Wharf.

. 4 XXXVI. And, that the said perpetual Fund of one thousand Pounds may be at all Times kept up

4 and maintained for the Purposes aforesaid, notwithstandine the Monies advanced, or to be advanceo,

* as aforesaid, fiull be all fully paid and satisfied/ be it enacted, That the Rates and Duties hereby laid

* 4mon any foreign Ships or Vessels shall continue to be collected and levied, and applied from Time to

Time, as the fame shall arise, in aid of the said Fund of one thousand Pounds herein-before directed to bt

raised, tstablished, and inverted in the publick Funds for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any

Jive or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered to give Securities to any Person or Per-

3 t 2 ions

Trusteet any

borrow Money,

not exceeding

3OOP L end af-

iigo the Ratet

a* a Security,

Aflgnnente

may be traof-

ferrod.

Same advanced,

and Interest,

chargeable on

the Tollt and

Dude*.

Entries of AT*

signmeat* to be

How Arrears of

Intcyeft may he

recovered.

How Money

raised is to be

paid oft'.

Proviso,

After Money

borrowed Shall

be repaid, and

IO001. placed

out at Interest,

the Ratet on

British Ship*

dull cease.

If any Accident

happen, Rate*

may be revived.

Ratet on Fo-

reign Ship* to

be continued, for

maintaining the

Fund of 1000U

Trustees to rive

Security for Mm

ney already ad-

vanced.

