The TITLES of

fnon Fields* Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common* Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Pa-

rish of Potterfpury, and Hamlet of Yardley Gobyon, in the

said Parish of Potterjpury, and also a Parcel of Land call

ed Kertfon Fields in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the County

of Northampton.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Modes,

Heaths, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer in the

County of Flint.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com-

monable Lands, within the Parish of Fulletby, in the

County of Lincoln.

18. An Act to enable John Clarke Esquire (heretofore called

- John Plomer), and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take

and bear the Surname and Arms of Clarke, pursuant to

the Will of Richard Clarke Esquire, dcccafed.

19. An Act for naturalizing Charles Bigot.

20. An Act for naturalizing Louis Jouenne.

*21 An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Here-

ditaments, in the County of Southampton, the settled fi-

hate of Sir Jacob Wolf Baronet, in Trustees, to be con-

veyed to a Purchaser thereof, and for laying out the

Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses,

it. An Act for declaring certain Lands, allotted to John

Harrison Esquire, in the Parish of Bi/hop Norton, in the

County of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respec-

tively, pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners ap-

pointed by an Act of Parliament of the eleventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and in-

doling certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in

the Township ana Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County

of Lincoln.

*3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, raftures, Commons, and Watte

Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, -in the

County of Nottingham.

S4- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish of Scaldwell, in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the fe-

veral Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and

Parish of Wolverley, in the County of Worcester

26. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker.

27. An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Church

of Hinton Mertell, otherwise Hinton Mar telly in the

County of Dorjety belonging to his Majesty, for the Ad-

vowfon of the Church of r ring ford, otherwise Ferring-

ford y in the County of Oxford, belonging to the Right

Honourable Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury

28. An Act for exchanging certain Lands and Tenements,

Part of the Estates coaiprifed in the Settlement made on

the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Lord Vif-

count Farrington, for certain Lands and Tenements,

belonging to the President and Scholars of Saint John

Baptist College, in the Univeiflty of Oxford \ and also

for exchanging certain Mills and Lands thereto belong-

ing, likewise comprised in the said Settlement, for cer-

tain Lands and Tenements belonging to John Dilly

Gentleman.

*9. An Act to confirm a Lease, made by William Lambert,

an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, to the

Right Honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly

called Lord Stanley, of Lands in the Parish of Woodman-

Jlern, in the County of Surrey.

30. An Act to enable the Reverend Jolm Blackburn% Vicar

of the Parish and Parish Church ot B fatly in the County

of Yortr to make and eilabiilh. an Exchange of certain

fe STATUTES,

Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments,; in

the said County of York, for other Lands and Heredita-

ments, in the same County, belonging to Henry Brew-

Jler Darley Esquire.

31. An Act to exchange Lands between the Trustees of

a certain Charity Eliate at IlanwelL, in the County of

MiddltfeXy and William and Henry Berners, Esquires

32. An Act for effecting an Exchange between John Par-

ker 2nd Montagu Edmund Parkery Esquires, ot Parts of

their settled Estates, in the County of Devon; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and City of

Exeter, late the Eftaie of Robert Stone Gentleman, de-

ceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the fame

to the Purchasers thereof; and to apply the Money

arising determined by such Sale in Payment of the Debts of the said

Robert Stone, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of

Chancery.

34. An Act for vesting in Trustees several Mefliiages,

Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, in the Panfhes

of Arthuret and Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumber -

landy Part of the Estate of Catherine Widdrington, com-

monly called Catherine Lady Widdrington, deceased, for

a Term of five hundred Years, for railing and paying

certain Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham

Clerk; and for other rurposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Cran-

ford in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within

the Parish of Cleeve Priory in the County of Worcester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within

the Parish of Bengworth, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and 4II other Commonable Land, within

the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin9

in the County of Worcester.

39. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement and

Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Manor of Adle/lrop, in the County of Gloucester.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common.Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds,

in the Hamlets or Tithings of Broadwellxnd Filkins, in

the Manor and Parish of Broad welly otherwise Broadwell

Saint John9 in the County of Oxford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commonable Closes, Common Grounds, Heath, and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great

Rollwrigbt, in the County of Oxford.

42. An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis Spitta.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Aubery.

44. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to fell certain

Rights of Servitude over Lands, in the County of Argyll,

belonging in Property to Hugh Scion Esquire, and Sir

James Campbell Baronet.

45. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement

made between John Earl of Breadalbaney and James

Menzies of Culdaresy for the Exchange of certain Lands

, in the County of Perth.

46. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Essex and Nor-

folk, being the settled Estates of James Lord Viscount

Grimston, of the Kingdom of Ireland\ in Trustees, to be

fold, for discharging Portions and Incumbrance$»<and

for

