A. D. 1774- Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 77-

i+S

Ad had not been made ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

ilanding

c XVIII, And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of, this Act, are

* seised and possdTed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of

4 their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such

4 Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years deter-

4 minable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such

4 Prisoners;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in every such Cafe, all and every the

Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled in any such

Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby veiled in the Assignee or Assignees of the real

and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Aifignee or Assignees executed

for the Benefit of ail and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

* XIX. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held

4 in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never ad as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any

4 Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers or

4 Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons / be it therefore enacted. That, in every such Cafe, the Person who

shall have been actually employed, and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, af

the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or

Prison, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal

Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper hiinfelf),

shall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol or

Prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority^aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter

Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this

Ad, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his

or her Discharge, administer, and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of any

such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an

Oath to the following Effect ; (that is to (ay,)

Power in the

Pri oner of leaf-

ing Lands, Sec*

to vest in the

AfCgneca,

The t£Hng

Gaoler at tht

Time of deliver-

ing the Lifts,

only liable to be

fwor*.

Court, if re-

quired by a Cre-

ditor opposing

the Pnfoner't

Discharge, is to

administer the

following Oath

to the Gaoler.

J. B. do swear, That

was really and truly a Prisoner in my Qustody, in the Prifep The Oath,

* T A. 1

* X of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the twenty-eighth Day of

< April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four ; and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Cause*

x or his or her Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said

4 and produced to this Court, is or are a true^ Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or

4 Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my

* Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GO D/

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison

on the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or since, shall not

happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the

Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such Session,

or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer, and give to the respective Per-

son or persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison,

and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid, at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment

thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment of any such Prison, to the Effect

following; (that is to say,)

If such Person

shall not have

been the Gaoler

on April s8v

1774, Sec. then

the following

Oath h to bt

adminifleredtv

him.

4 T A. B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com- TheO*li

4 X tnitment of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Ridings Divifton, CV/y,

4 Town, Placey or Liberty of as the Cafe shall and that I do verily believe that the

4 said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fidicious, nor calculated for this

4 Purpose 5 and by them it doth appear, that was on the twenty-eighth

4 Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual

* Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

4 of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and

4 Belief.

4 So help me GO D.*

4 XXI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners. in any Gaol

4 Books/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Co«r% if requir-

Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or e<i by 1 Uedi-

Creditorsof any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any tor0’n™y

Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Pri- acted*

son within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hun- Caoltr on .April

dred and seventy-four, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed 2S, 1774, or

Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, fi 'ce»

as the Justices, at any fuclv General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And if ^m'ouThin

any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such niTceminit-

Justices, at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner, as shall be directed and re- inent zrd Con*

VoL. XII. U quired tinuaiKt in

e

