A.D. 1774# Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 85. 191

he Receipt of the Exchequer on the fifth Day o{Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, remaning in the

for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, and

overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund\ and also fPr the Dispofi-

the said Sum of one hundred and twenty-six thousand nine hundred and eighty-one Pounds seven Shil- tion of Parlii-

lings and Five-pence, now remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants ment; and

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and also such of the Monies as 1*6,981!* 7‘*

shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred CrtheGrancs

and seventy-four, and on or before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, f0f ,77J. in(j

of the Produce of the Duties charged by two Acts, made in the fifth and fourteenth Years of his present such Monies a«

Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the said fluli be paid into

Sum of twenty thousand two hundred and thirty-seven Pounds five Shillings and 7'hree pence, remain- E*ch.<jT,er

ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on \ of'the

Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of his present Ma- produce of the-

jetty’s Reign, and also of such imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament; and also Duties on Gum

the said Sum of sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds and Four-pence, being the Balance remaining in the Senega and ciura

Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chclfea Hospital, on account of the Deduction of Twelve-pence in the ^0rab cj a"d d

Pound upon Monies'issued to him for the Out-pensioners of Chefa Hospital; and also the said Sum of of’tlhVMonies*

thirty thousand five hundred and sixty-one Pounds nine Shillings and Thc^c-pence, pud into the Receipt on Rice export,

of the Exchequer, in pursuance of two Acts, made in the second and ninth Yerus of the Reign of his pre- ed, and Duties

sent Majesty, by the Receivers-general of the several Counties in England and JValej, that have not raised on A?P’W im-

the Militia; and also the further Sum of two millions, and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six ^m^ciwand

Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, by this Act granted, out of such Monies as {hall or sugari^by Art

may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, 6 Geo.ni. Uc.

commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall and 16,5001.4d.

be issued and applied, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed, together with the °* ®?,ar.cc '

Refiduc of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War,

which his Majesty declared in a most gracious Speech to his Parliament, that he had directed, for the Ease furerrt Chelsea

of his Subjects, to be applied to the publick Service 5 and also such Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty, Hospital; and

according to his most gracious Intentions, expressed in the fame Speech, {hall dire<7, for the further Ease 9* 3d»

of his Subjects, to be also applied to the publick Service, out of the Monies which have arisen, or {hall P*1* ,nto lJ|c

arise, by the Sale of Lands belonging to his Majesty in the Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to

his Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace. general in Eng-

land and Wales,

that have not raised the Militia; and 1,080/96!. ns. S d. iq. by this Art granted, out of the *Excefie% &c. composing the Sinking Fund; together

with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War; and also such Sums of Money ai his Majesty flulldirert to be

applied to the publick Service, which shall arile by the Sale of the ceded Islands in the West Indies.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies provided as aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding one million nine hundred and four thousand nine hundred and seventeen Pounds four Shillings

and Three-pence, for or towards the naval Services herein particularly expressed; (that is to say), For or

towards Vidluals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Vi&uailine thereof, performed, and to

be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in.the Office of Ordnance, performed, and to be performed ;

and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty’s Navy, and for Half-pav to Sea and Marine Offi-

cers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand three hundred and fifty-four Marines; and towards the

Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in his Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works,

over and above what may be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two

hundred thousand Pounds, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there {hall be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hun-

dred and forty-four thousand fix hundted and ninety-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and Five-pence, for

the Charge of the Office oFOrdnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-four.

XvlI. And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

twenty-six thousand four hundred and twenty-five Pounds and Two-pence, for defraying the Expence of

Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids

rir Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

one million five hundred and thirty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds fourteen Shillings

and Eight-pence, and one-eighth Part of a Penny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s Land Forces,

and other Services herein-after more particularly expressed; (that is to say,) Any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding six hundred and thirty-eight thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds sixteen Shillings and

Ten-pence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand and twenty-four effective Men, commissiomd

and non-commissioned Officers included, and including one thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids

for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the

Year

Not exceeding

1,904,917!. 4

3d. to be issued

out of the Sup-

plies towards

Naval Services.

*00,000 1. to-

wards p«)ing uff

the Debt ol the

Navy.

Not exceeding

244/99 I. 17*

5 d. Charges of

the Office of

Orel >an.e.

26,425! *d.

fjr Chat get of

the Office of

Ordnance not

provided for in

1773 i

1,534,7*01. ?4».

SJ. and 1 8ih

of a Penny, to-

wards the Land

Fo cet ;

of which

638 6;o I. 16 s.

10 d. far detr..)-

ing the Cnarg.e«

of 18.014 effec-

tive Men, dec.

