Penalty on Per-

Jon3 carrying

Firc-3rn.$, into

any Fore ft,

Ps»k, 5 c. with

Int-nt todestroy

Deer.

How Justices to

pro; e-d on In-

formation of

Offences,

Penalties how

1c bf recovered

anJ apj lied.

If not p?U on

ConviiHcn, may

be lev eel ty

Distress.

Justices may

order Oft o<-rs

into C istody, ff

Penalties arc n* t

immediately

paid.

Prov ifo.

Regulations for

Justices vhcre

Security is

jiven.

C. 30.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Custody thereof, or being otherwise duly authorised, every Person so offending shall be subject: unto the

Forfeiture and Penalty hereby inflicted for the first Offence of killing of any Deer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, carrying any Gun, or other Fire-arms,

or any Sword, Staff, or other offensive Weapon, {hall come into any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or an-

cient Walk, or into any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or into any other Ground where Deer are usually

Jcept, be the fame inclosed or not inclosed, with an Intent unlawfully to (hoot at, course, or hunt, or to

take in any Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, or to kill, wound, destroy, or take away, any

Red or Fallow Deer, it {hall be lawful for every Ranger or Keeper, or Person intruded with the Care of

such Deer, to seize and take from such Person and Persons, in and upon such Forest, Chace, Purlieu, an-

cient Walk, Paik, Paddock, Wood, or other Ground, to and for the Use of the Owner thereof respec-

tivtly, all such Gun?, Fire-arms, Slips, Noofes, Toyles, Snares, or other Engines, and all Dogs there

brought for coursing Deer, in the fame and like Manner as the Game-keepers of Manors are impowered

by Law within their respective Manors to seize and take Dogs, Nets, or other Engines, in the Custody

of Persons not qualified by the Laws to keep the fame; and if any such Person or Persons {hall there un-

lawfully beat or wound any Ranger or Keeper, or his or their Servants or Assistants, in the Execution of

his or their Office or Offices, or {hall attempt to refeue an^ Person in the lawful Custody of any such Ran-

ger, Keeper, Servant, or Assistance, every Person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty

of Felony, and on being lawfully convicted on Indictment, shall be transported to one of his Majesty’s

Plantations in America for the space of seven Years.

X. And be it further enacted, That, upon Complaint or Information upon Oath, of anyone or more

credible Witness or Witness'es, before any one Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction, of any Offence

committed against this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice (except in such Cafes only

where the Justice is specially directed previously to summon the Party before him) to cause the Person or

Persons, who shall be charged by such Complaint or Information, to be apprehended by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and to be brought before him at such Time and Place as {hall be spe-

cified in and by such Warrant, and thereupon such Justice shall and may proceed to hear the Matter of

such Complaint or’Information, and to adjudge and determine the fame; and in such Cafe where it is pro-

vided by this Act that the Party complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the Paity so summoned shall

not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons, either

personally, or by leaving the fame at his Dwelling-house, Lodgings, or other usual Place of Abode, it {hall

be lawful for the Justice, before whom the Party was so summoned to appear, to apprehend such Party by

Warrant, and to proceed as if no previous Summons had been directed by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the pecuniary Penalties of this Act shall be recoverable before

one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or other Division in which the Offence shall be

committed, on Proof of the Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness’es, or on

Confession of the Offender; and one Moiety of each Penalty shall belong to the King’s Majesty, his

Jdcirs and Successors, and be paid, for his and their Use, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the

laid Justice or Justices shall direct, and the other Moiety thereof shall belong and be paid to the Informer

or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Non-payment thereof, with the Charges incident

*0 the Conviction, immediately upon the Conviction, the said Penalty or Penalties, amTthe Charges inci-

dent, shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant

under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction {hall

be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender or Offenders, except in such Cafes only where

it is otherwise provided by this Act, {hall be sent by the said Justice or Justices to the Common Gaol of

the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed for the Space of one whole Year, without Bail

or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty, and Charges incident, shall be sooner paid.

XII. And to the End that Persons convicted of any of the Offences for which pecuniary Penalties

4 are inflicted by this Act, may not, by Flight or Removal after Conviction, evade Imprisonment where

4 such Penalties shall not be paid on Conviction, and sufficient Distress cannot be found for raising such

4 Penalties,’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the reace*

before whom any Offender shall be convicted of having incurred any pecuniary Penalty of this Act, im-

mediately after such Conviction, to order him or her into Custody, in case he or she shall not immediately

pay the Penalty due on such Conviction, during such Time, not exceeding three Days, as such Justice or

Justices shall think proper to allow for Return of the Warrant for raising the Penalty by Distress and Sale

as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always. That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, either by

the Confession of the Party convicted or otherwise, that such Party hath not Goods or Chattels sufficient

whereon to levy the Penalty or Penalties so due, then, and in such Cafe, the said Justice or Justices shall

and may, without issuing any Warrant of Distress, proceed to commit the Party so convicted, as if a

Warrant of Distress had been issued, and a Nulla bona returned thereon.

XIV. Provided also, That if any Person, committed for any first Offence against this Act, {hall, before

his Commitment to Prison, procure Security to be given by two sufficient Sureties, to (he Satisf.idlion of

the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be so convicted, for Payment of the Penalty or Penalties in-

rurred, with the Charges incident, within fix Days, inclusive of the Day of Conviction, then, and in such

Cafe, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to accept such Security, and upon Non-payment thereof

at the Time to be stipulated for that Purpose, to cause the Party convicted, and his said Sureties, to be

apprehended by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, and them to commit to

the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence was committed, for such Space of Time

as the Party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned in case no such Security had been

given* unless the Penalty or Charges shall be sooner paid,

XV. And

