A« D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii lit. C. 65.

Joht*Flemming'E(qu\rey up to" the Latids of Mistress Kerricby and also a Drain from thence along the said

Drain between the said Drove-and Mistress Kerrich'* Land to the Lands of Sir Robert Bernard, from thence

along the said Drain between the said Drove and the Lands of Sir Robert Bernard to the Lands of William

Fellow ez Efqtrire, and from thence along the said Drain between the said Drove and the Lands of William

Fellowes Esquire to the Lands of Richard Scrimshire and latt Jrieph Sherivcod, Esquires, and from thence

along tht said Drain between the said Drove and the Lands of Richard Scrim fin re and lat zjofeph Sherwood,

Esquires, up to the Bank that joins the Ramsey first District, and which said Drain shall be of such Width

and Depth'as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and shall and may erect and place, or cause to

be erected and placed, at the lower End of the said Drain next to the Forty Foot Rivery upon the Lands of

John Flemming Esquire, such a Mill as shall be sufficient for throwing out and discharging the Waters from

such Drains into the said Forty Fool River, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to sup-

port and maintain such Mill, and cause the fame to be worked in such Manner, and as often as shall be

necessary for discharging the Waters out of the said Drains, and preventing the overflowing of the adjacent

Lands, and draining and preserving the fame.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sir Robert Bernard,

William Feilowtsy Richard Scrimshire y the Owners of the Land lat 0 Joseph Sherwood and Milt refs Kerrich^

and their respective Heirs and Assigns, may and shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter,

at their respective proper Costs and Charges, erect, place, support, and maintain, or cause to be erected,

placed, sup ported, and maintained, a Door or Doors by the Side of the said Drain herein before directed

to be made in the said first Diffrift, in order to let the Water out of their respective Lands, and convey

the fame through the said Drain up to the said Mill, and may and shall, as they shall judge necessary,

erect and make Staunches upon their respective Lands, to keep Water upon their said Lands in the Time

of Low Water, for the Use of the Cattle upon the said Lands.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said John Flem~

*mingy nor any of the Owners or Occupiers for the T ime being of the said Farm, shall have any Power of

Authority by virtue of this Act, or otherwise howsoever, to convey the Water, directly or indirectly, out

of or from the said Farm or Lands, by any Means whatsoever, into any Part of the said Mill Drain be-

longing to the said first District, between the said Farm and Puddock Drove, nor into the Division.Ditch

which parts the said Farm and Lands and the Farm and Lands belonging to Mistress Kerrich, any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

• Lill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Flemming, and all and

every future Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farm or Lands, shall, and he and they is

and are hereby directed and required, immediately after the passing of this Act, to make, or cause to be

made, and at all Times hereafter to support, maintain, and keep, a good and sufficient Bank upon the

said Farm or Lands of the said John Flemmings all*the Way next the I4arm or Lands of Mistress Kerrich%

so far as the said Farms lie contiguous to each other, in order to prevent the Waters in the said Farms from

communicating with each other, and also a Bank along the said Farm next to Puddock Drove, to the Forty

Foot River; and in case the said John Flemming, or any future Owner or Owners for the Time being of

the said Farm or Lands, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever,shall, at any Time hereafter, upon

•ny Occasion whatsoever, cut, or cause to be cut, the said Banks, or any of them, or any Part thereof,

and shall thereof be convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confef-

fion, before one or more Tuftice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall

be committed, not interested therein, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than twenty Pounds ; to be recovered by Distrcfs and Sale

of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in such and the same Manner as other Penalties herein-before or

herein-after directed to be inflicted determined by virtue of this Act are directed to be recovered; and for want of

sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol for the said County

or Place, for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order or direct, not exceeding two Years,

nor less than six Months, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Commissioners of the said first District, and they are hereby authorised and required, immediately after

the passing of this Act, to stop and dam up, or cause to be dammed and flopped up, both Ends of the

Ditch which divides the Lands of John Flemming and Mistress Kerrich, and to crest and make, or cause to

be erected and made, and at all Times hereafter to support, maintain, and keep in sufficient Repair,

Stiles upon the said Dams or Headings, in order that the fame may be sufficient Fences between the

said Farms.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Commissioners of the said second District, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and

make, alter or remove, or cause to be erected, made, altered, or removed, and at all Times hereafter to

support; maintain, and keep a Mill or Mills on any Part of the said second District, at or near the Forty

Foot Rivery as they shall agree upon and judge proper, for sufficiently draining and preserving the said fe-

cond District; and also to make such Drain or Drains, Banks, Dams, Stiles, Tunnels, and Headings,

in or upon the Lands or Grounds within the said second District, as they shall think proper or necessary for

effectually draining and preserving the fame.

LVJ. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Commissioners of the said third District for draining, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cut

and make, or cause to be cut and made, and to support, maintain, and keep a Drain fourteen Feet wide

at the Top, and five Feet deep from the Surface of the adjacent Lands, from a .certain Place in Warboyz

don.mon Stray Pasture, to receive the Water from Gcldjnt Ritnnelly across Puddock Drove, and up the East

Side of the said Drove to the Lands of Richard Scrimfnire and late J<fefh Shcnvood, E(quires, and along

Vol XII. 3 G the

409

Proprietors oT

Lands atij lining

may erctf Doufl

nest the fa id

Drain for letting

the Waters into

the feme.

No Wafer to be

conveyed into

the said Drain

between the said

Farm and Pud-

dock Drove, nor

into the Division

Ditch between

the said Farm

and the Lsnds of

Mrs. Kerrich.

Mr. Flemming

to support his

Banks.

Penalty of 501,

on cutting any

of the Banks,

Commissioners

of first District

to flop of the

Dike Ends be-

tween Mr Flem-

ming and Mrs.

Kerrich*! Lands,

and to erect Stiles

as Fences.

Commissioners

impowered to C-

re& Mills and

make Drains in

the second Di&

tri&.

A Drain to be

made, and Mill

ereflrd, for

draining Wtr»

boys Common,

