3°3

A.D. 177$. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 31.

at the End of each Fishing Season, or at the Expiration of the covenanted Time of Service of such Sea-

man or Fisherman, pay, or cause to be paid, to the Mailer of a Passage or other Ship, who shall under-

take or agree to carry such Seaman or Fimerman home to the Country where to he belongs, and shall also

convey such Seaman or Fisherman to and on Board such Passage or other Ship, taking the Mailer’s Re-

ceipt for the Passage Money, which Receipt he shall immediately thereupon deliver to such Seaman or

Fisherman.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hirer Qr Employer of any such

Seaman or Fisherman shall pay or advance, or cause to be paid or advanced, to such Seaman or Fisher-

man, in Money, Liquor, and Goods, or either of them, during the Time he shall be in his Service, more

than one Half of the Wages which shall at any Time be due to him; but such Hirer or Employer shall,

and is hereby requited and directed, immediately at or upon the Expiration of every such Man’s cove-

nanted Time of Service, to pay either in Money, or in good Bills of Exchange* payable either in Great

Britain or Ireland, or in the Country to which such Seaman or Fi&erman belongs, the full Balance of his

Wages, except the Money herein before dire<5ted to be retained for his Passage home; and it shall not be

lawful for any such Hirer or Employer to turn away or discharge any such Seaman or Fisherman, except

for wilful NeglcS of Duty, or other sufficient Cause, before the Expiration of his covenanted Time of

Service; and in case the Hirer or Employer of any such Seaman or Fitherman shall refuse or neglect to

comply with any of the Terms herein before mentioned, or shall otherwise offend against this Act, every

such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, besides the Balance that shall be

due to such Seaman or Fisherman, the Money herein before directed to be retained for his Passage home,

the Sum of ten Pounds, to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where Disputes shall arrfe

concerning the Wages of any such Seaman or Fisherman, the Hirer or Employer shall be obliged to pro-

duce the Contrad or Agreement in Writing, herein before directed to be entered into with every such

Seaman or Fisherman.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Fish and Oil which shall be

taken and made by the Person or Persons who shall hire or employ such Seaman or Fisherman, shall be

fubied and liable, in the first place, to the Payment of the Wages of every such Seaman or Fisherman.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Seaman or Fisher-

man shall at any Time wilfully absent himself from his Duty or Employ, without the Leave and Consent

of his Hirer or Employer, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to work according to the true Intent and

Meaning of such Contract or Agreement, he shall, for every Day he shall so absent himself, or neglect or

refuse to work as aforesaid* forfeit two Days Pay to such Hirer or Employer; and if any such Seaman or

Fisherman shall wilfully absent himself from his said Duty or Employ for the Space of five Days, without

such Leave as aforesaid, he shall be deemed a Deserter, and shall forfeit to such Hirer or Employer all such

Wages as shall at the Time of such Desertion be due to him (except so much as is herein before directed to

be reserved and retained for the Purpose of paying his Passage home); and it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Governor of Newfoundland, or his Surrogates, or the Commissary of the Vice Admiralty Court

for the Time being, or for any Justice of the Peace in Newfoundland, to issue his or their Warrant or

Warrants to apprehend every such Deserter, and on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit-

nefles to commit him to Prison, there to remain until the next Court of Session which shall be holden in

pursuance of the Commifflon of the said Governor for the Time being; and, if found guilty of the said

Offence at such Session, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Session to order such De-

fertcr to be publickly whipped as a Vagrant, and afterwards to be put on Board a Passage Ship, in order

to his being conveyed back to the Country where to he belongs.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Disputes which shall arise

concerning the Wages of every or any such Seaman or Fisherman, and all Offences which shall be com-

mitted by every Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman* against this Act, shall and may be in-

quired into, heard, and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall and may be

recovered in the Court of Session herein before mentioned, or in the Court of Vice Admiralty having Ju-

risdiction in the said Island of Newfoundland.

4 XIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Ma-

4 jesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, it is, amongst other

4 Things, eqadted, That no Mariner or other Person who shall serve on Board, or be retained to serve

4 on Board, any Privateer, or Trading Ship or Vessel, that shall be employed in any Part of America,

4 nor any Mariner or other Person being on Shore in any Part thereof, shall be liable to be impreilcd or

4 taken away by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to any of her Majesty’s Ships of War, impowered

4 by the Lord High Admiral, or any other Person whatsoever, unless such Mariner shall have before de-

Merced from such Ship of War; And whereas the said Privilege or Exemption so given by the fa;d Act

4' to Mariners Serving on Board Ships or Vessels employed in any of the Seas or Ports of the Continent of

America, or redding on Shore there, is prejudicial to+the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty’s Subj?dls

c of Great Britain and Ireland, and others his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe, and has proved an Kncou-

4 rage men t to Mariners belonging thereto to desert in, Time of War, or at the Appearance of a War, to

the British Plantations on the said Continent of America \ be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, T hat the said Claofe, so far as it relates to the exempting of Mariners or other Persons serving,

or retained to serve, in any Ship or Vessel in the Seas or Ports of the Continent of America, or other

Persons on Shore there, from being impressed, be and the fame is hereby jrepealed.

XX. And whereas the immoderate Ule of Rum and other Spirits, imported into Newfoundland from

*1 his.Majesty’s Colonies and Plaqtatiops in America, has been found.to \>£ highly detrir/ienul to ihe.Ftfii-

<. # cncs

Employers so

pay to Fiftitr-

men, &c only

Half of their

Wages, and th«

other Half in

Bills, Sec. at

their Return

home.

Penalty on Em-

ployers neglect-*

i to comply.

If any Dispute a-

rife, Employers

obliged to pro-

duce the Con-

tract.

All Fi/h and Oil

liabletothe Pay-

ment of Wages.

Penalty on Sea-

men or Ftiher-

men abfei ting

themselves fi*na

their Impose a

without Leave.

Disputes, ani all

Otfence*, to be

determined by

the Court of cef-

fion, Sec. a: New-

foundland.

Afl 6 A nrre*

spefting Si 1.atS

trrp ovtj in

Trading Shirs,

&c. in Amiri-a

not liable to *«c

impelled, ic*

pejlci.

