A. D. 1770.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 43. 581

VIII. 'And be it further enacted, That if any Offender, who shall be so delivered as aforesaid to be kept

to'Hard Labour, {hall, during the Term of such Service, refuse to perform any Labour authorised by this

Act, or who {hall be guilty of any other Misbehvaiour or disorderly Conduct, it {hall be lawful for the

Overseer or Overseers having the Custody of any such Offender, to order such Whipping, or other mo-

derate Punishment, to be inflicted upon him, as may be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House

<>f Correction for Hard Labour.

IX. And be it further enacted. That every Offender who {hall be delivered to be kept to Hard La-

bour in Manner aforesaid, {hall, at the End of the Term of such Service, and upon being restored to his

Liberty, receive from the Overseer or Overseers, under whom he {hall have so served, such Sum of

Money, not being less than forty Shillings, nor more than five Pounds, together with such decent

Cloathing as the Court, into which such Returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned, {hall appoint:

And if any such Offender, whilst confined to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid, {hall, by his Lnduftry

and other good Behaviour, {hew such Signs of Reformation, as shall induce the said Court to recommend

him as an Object of his Majesty’s Mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified, by a Letter from one of his

Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to the Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks

fit, in Consideration of such good Behaviour, to {horten the Duration of such Offender’s Term, such Of-

fender shall be accordingly set at Liberty at the Time mentioned in such Letter ; and shall receive a Sum

of Money from his Overseer or Overseers, together with Cloathing, in the same Manner as if he had

served the Whole of the Te/m for which he was adjudged to serve.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer,

or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace for any County, Riding, Di-

vision. City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be

lawfully convicted of Grand or Petty Larceny, or any other Crime, for which he or {he {hall be liable by

Law to Transportation to any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, it shall be lawful for the Court, in

which any such Offender {hall be so convicted, or any Court held for the same Place, and with like

Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Placeof such Punishment by Transportation, to order and

adjudge that such Person shall be sent to some proper Place of Confinement within the said County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, to be appointed for that Purpose in Manner

herein after mentioned, there to be kept to Hard Labour, for such Term or Number of Years as such

Court shall appoint, not exceeding the Term or Number of Years for which the Transportation for the

said Offence might have been adjudged : Provided, That the fame shall in no Cafe be less than three Years,

or more than ten Years

XL And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or

Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter, or other General Session of the Peace, for any County, Riding,

Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England,

be lawfully convi<3ed of any Robbery, or other Felony, for which he or {he shall by Law be liable to

suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the Royal

Mercy to any such Offender, upon Condition of being kept to Hard Labour at the Place of Confinement

to be appointed for that Purpose in Manner herein after mentioned, and such Intention of Mercy shall be

notified in Writing, by one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to the Judge or Justice of

Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, in any County, City, or Place, before whom such Of-

fender shall be convicted or condemned ; it shall and may be lawful for every such Judge or Justice of Oyer

and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, to make an Order for allowing forthwith to every such Of-

fender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, in the same Manner as if there was a conditional Pardon under

the Great Seal, and may and shall adjudge that every such Offender shall be kept to Hard Labour for the

Time specified in the Notification from such Secretary of State.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender shall be ordered to be kept to Hard Labour

in Manner aforesaid, the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court by which such

Order shall be made, shall give to the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, a Certi-

ficate in Writing under his Hand, containing an Account of the Christian Name, Surname, and Age of

such Offender, of his or her Offence, of the Court before whom he or she was convicted, and of the

Term for which he or she shall be ordered to Hard Labour; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall, with all

convenient Speed after the making of any such Order, and receiving of such Certificate, convey such Of-

fender, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to the proper House of Correction, and deliver such Offend-

er, or cause him or her to be delivered, together with the said Certificate, into the Custody of the

Matter or Keeper of such House of Correction ; and the Person or Persons to whom such Offender shall

be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, which shall be

aSufficient Discharge to thejjheriff. Gaoler, or other Person, so delivering any such Offender; and all

Expences incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler, in the Conveyance of any such Offender to the House of

Corte&ion in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Bo-

rough, Town, or Place, for which the Court ordering such Punishment by Hard Labour shall be held,

in the same Manner as is herein before directed in respetft to Offenders ordered to Hard Labour in remov-

ing Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing the River Thames.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for every County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty* Borough, Town, and Place, within thatPartof Great Britain called England^ shall, at the

first Quarter or other General Session of the Peace, which shall be held next after the patting of this Act,

take into Consideration the State of their respe£live Houses of Corredion, in order that proper Places

within the same, or elsewhere, within each respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Bo-

Jough, Tgwn, and Place, may be prepared for the Reception of such Offenders as shall be ordered to Hard

Labour

Offender* who

refuse to work,

or otherwise

mi/behave them*

felvesf, may be

whipped. Sac,

Eve*y Offender,

at 'he End of hi#

Confinement,

/hall receive a

Sum of Money,

not less than 40s.

nor m6re than

5 I. together

with decent

Cloathing.

Hi* Majesty, oil’

the good Bt ha-

viour of Of-

fenders, may

/horten the Term

of their Con-

finement.

Any Person,

convicted of any

Crimepuni/h-

able by Trans-

portation! may

be sent to some

Place of Con-

finement within

the County, See,

and there kept

!o Hard Labour

for not left than

three Year*,

nor more than

ten Year*.

In case hit Ma-

jesty /hould ex-

tend hit Mercy

to any Person

guilty of any

Felony puni/h-

able by Death,

the Judge may

order the Often*

der to be kept

to Hard La-

bour, for the

Time specified

by the Secretary*

of State.

When any Of-

fender /hali be

ordered to Hard

Labour, the

Ckik of Assize,

See. /hall give a

Certificate to the;

SherifFor Cao-

Jer,

who /halldeliver

such Prisoner,

Sect to the Keep-

er of the proper

Hoofe of Cor-

region j

who /hall gTvea

Receipt for the

fame.

E1pence* of

Conveyance to*

be paid by the -

County, See,

Justices for

every County,

See. in England

to prepare their

Houses of Cor-

rection for Re-

ception of Of*

feaden j

