C. 18.

259

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

be lawful for any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer of his Majesty’s Fleeter Ships of

War, or any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, to seize any Ship or Vessel arriving at any of the said

Colonies before mentioned, or which shall be discovered within two Leagues of any bhore thereof, having

such Goods on Board, and the Goods laden thereon (except as before excepted), for which the Matter,

or other Person taking’Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall not produce a Cocket or Clearance from the

Collector, or proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, certifying that the said G«*ods were laden on Board

the said Ship or Vessel in fomc Port of Great Britain, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any

Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation or r^Vfor

carrying out from any of the Colonies before mentioned, or the Importation into the fame, of any Goods hics* JviIjcOV'* of

or Commodities whatsoever, for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or other ships of War,

Ships or Vessels in his Majesty’s Service, or for his Majesty’s Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; any Thing or tort, ;

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hin-

der or restrain the lawful Importation into any or either of the said Colonies herein before mentioned,

from any of the British Islands in the IVejl Indies, of any such Goods or Commodities, being the Growth

or Produce thereof, as may now by Law be imported from thence into the said Colonies, or any or either

of them.

VII. And, in order to prevent Frauds and Abuses which may be committed contrary to the Intention kid Colonies.

and against the Provisions of this Act, by the Exportation of any Goods of the Growth, Product, or

Manufacture of the Colonies of New jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, from any of the

nor to hinder the

lawful

tion of Good*

from the BrU'fli

West India

Iflund* into the

any

4 Ports within the Government of the Counties oV'Newcastle, Kent% and Suffix on Delaware, in North

4 America,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this

Act, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be shipped, to be carried from any Port or Place within

the said Counties of Newcastle, Kent, and Suffix on Delaware, or either of them, to any other Land, Port, j^nt *Ac* ».

or Place whatsoever, except to the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the British Islands cept fD Great"

in the West Indies, until the Owner or Exporter of such Goods shall have made Oath, or being one of Britain or irr-

the People called Quakers, shall have affirmed, before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs hnd> tin Oath

at the Port or Place where the fame shall be shipped (which Oath or Affirmation such Collector or other

Officer is hereby authorised to administer), that such Goods are really and bona Jide of the Growth, Pro-

duct, or Manufacture, of one or other of the said Counties; of which Fast the Collector or other proper

Officer of the Customs shall and is hereby required to give a Certificate, under his Hand, to the Matter

of the Ship or Vessel on Board which such Goods are laden, for the Security of her Navigation; and in

Failure of producing such Certificate, such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods thereon laden, shall be forfeited,

and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after directed.

VIII. And whereas it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the several Prohibitions and Re-

4 draints herein before enacted should be discontinued and cease, so soon as the Trade and Commerce of

4 his Majesty’s Subjects may be carried on without Interruption within the said Coloniesbe it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of his

Majesty’s Governor or Commander in Chief, and the Majority of the Council of the Colonies of Nnu

Jojey, Penfylvaniay Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, that Peace and Obedience to the Laws shall

W so far restored within the said Colonies, or either of them,

No Goods to be

Gripped fiom

be made that

such G >ods ate

the Product, &c.

of the said Coun-

ties, and a Cer-

tificate printed.

On Failure, the

Ship and Good*

to he forfeited*

that the Trade and Commerce of his Ma-

Whenever it

shall appear to

the Governor of

New sets-y, &c.

that Peace is Co

far restored in

the fair! Colo-

nies, that Trade

may be carried

on, be i* to no-

tify the fame by

Proclamation ;

lefty’s Subjects may be carried on without Interruption within the same, and that Goods, Wares, and

Merchandise, have been freely imported into the said Colonies, or either of them, from Great Britain,

and exposed to Sale, without any Let, Hindrance, or Molestation, from or by reason of any unlawful

Combinations to prevent or obstruct the fame; and that Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, have in like

Manner been exported from the said Colonies, or either of them respectively, to Great Britain, for and

during the Term of one Calendar Month preceding; that then, and in such Cafe, it shall and maybe

lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief, with the Advice of the Council of such Colonies re-

spectively, by Proclamation, under the Seal of such respective Colony, to notify the fame to the several

Officers of the Customs, and all others; and after such Proclamation, this Act, with respect to such Co-

lony, within which such Proclamation or Proclamations have been issued as aforesaid, shall be discontinued

and cease (except as herein after provided); and all Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and all other Per- *1! Officm

fons having Charge of the Execution of this Act, having received due Notice of such Proclamation, are of the

hereby directed and required to yield and pay Obedience to such Proclamation, and to proceed in the ^ *redrt,^ed

Discharge of their refoeftive Duties, in admitting to Entry, clearing, and difehamng, all Ships and Vef- thereto*"

fels, ana all Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, into and out of such respective Colony, in like Mannes

as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Protlanmion

such Proclamation or Proclamations shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or fiifpend ?ot »discharge

any Proceedings upon any Seizure which shall have been made, or any Prosecution which shall have been

commenced for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act before the issuing of such Proclamation or

Proclamations.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

give or grant any false Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, for any of the Purposes required or directed by faTfeVtotSfiI

this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable cates, or e©un<

of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons ^rfdtina.

shall counterfeit, erale, alter, or falsify any Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, required or directed by this

Act, or &all knowingly or willingly make use of any false Certificate, Cocket, x>r Clearance, or of any 5

L 1 r Certificate,

Proceeding*

upon any Seiturif

nude bwforo if-

suing thereof.

Person* giving

