The T I TIE S of the S TATUT E S.

40. An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation

and Estate okUhffes-Fitzmaurice Esquire, dece2fedy and

for veiling the lame in Trustees, to oe fold for Payment

of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for further continuing so much of two Acts,

made in the fixih and thirteenth Years of the Reign of

his present Majesty, as relates to the opening and eftu-

blishing certain free Ports in the Island of Jamaica.

42. An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver

Coin of this Realm, from foreign Countries, into Great

Britain or Ireland \ ami to restrain the Tender thereof

' beyond a*certain Sum.

43. An Act for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of

the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting the

Offices for the Regilter and Accountant General of the

said Court, for the better preserving the Records, De-

crees. Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such

Offices.

44. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing

of Frauds and Abtfes committed by Perjons employed in the

Manufacture of Hats, and the Woollen, Linen, Fuflian,

Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and

Silk Manufactures \ and for preventing unlawful Combi-

nations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers,

and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufac-

tures; and for the better Payment of their IVages.

45. An Act for the better regulating the Government of

the Province of the Massachufef s Bay, in New England.

.46. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing

, . the Office of TY^afurer.of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or

the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay,

out of, the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for

apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders in the

County Palatine of Durham.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who

have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fur-

ther Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Mem-

bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

have been loft or millaid; and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give fur-

- ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make

and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of

Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives, and for

prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where

the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life

or Death of the Persons insured.

49. An Act for regulating Madhouses.

50- An Act to enable certain Persons, during the Mino-

rity of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, to renew and grant

Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth

Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors.

51. An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of

Estates, made by the Governors of the free Grammar

School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in

the County of Chester; to enable them to make other

Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and

extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School.

52. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square,

in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water,

and embcllish the said Square; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

93. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from

the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Hund.Ttl of Stratton,

in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the

Parish of Caljloke, in the said County.

54. An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for

Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty’s Service in North

America.

55. An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages

within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol ,

and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the

said Parish.

^6. An Act for making and establiftiing publick Quays or

Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing

his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit

of Commerce -in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for

making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices,

Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of

Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating cer-

tain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying

certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty’s Customs

at the said Port for those Purposes j and for establishing

other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port

of Kingston upon Hull.

57. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last

Session of Parliament, for reducing into one Act the*

general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts

Persons from the Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected

at Places specified in any Act of Parliament.

58. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the first Year of

the Reign of King Henry the Fifth *, and so much of

several Acts of the eighth, tenth, and twenty-third Years

of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of

Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament!

or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen.

^9. An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol,

and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

60. An Act for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuaf-

lers within the Hundred of Godley, in the County of

Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may

be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Li-

quors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions.

61. An Act to explain and amend two several Acts of

Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses

within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the

better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and

to raise further Sums of Money for the shore effectually

carrying the Purposes of the said Acts ihtb Execution.

62. An Act for better governing and employing the Poor,

and making and collecting the Poor’s Rates, within the

ParHhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George

Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex.

63. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Air, at

Carlton, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to explain so much of in Act, made in the last

Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to regulate the

Importation and Exportation of Corn), as relates to the

Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain

exported.

65. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second (intituled, An Act for annexing cer-

tain forfeited Efiatcs in Scotland to the Crown unalien-

ably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors’

thereupon \ and to establifi) a Method of managing the fame%

and applying the Kents and Profits thereof for the better

civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and

preventing Disorders there for the future; so far as the

fame relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates.

66. An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning

the Longitude at Sea, except io much thereof' as relates

e

GoogI

