Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

ao C. 9, 1 Ok

Mr. William Blalchford, for a Field and Garden.

The Churchwardens of Saint Andrews^ for a Bury-

inc-place.

The Commissioners for Prisoners of War, for No

Place.

Mr. Treflifts Lovell, for Barnparks.

Mr. John Pode y for SpurrelPs late Lands.

Mrs. Fryfor late Orchard's Field.

Mr. Cobin, for a F ield.

Mr. Harris, for a Field.

Mr. Batty for two Fields, late Pearce's.

Mr. NevertWy for Sparks and Trevatiim's Barn and

three Fields

Mr. Nathaniel Giver, for Crosse*s Fields.

Ditto, for Shephard's Tenement and three Fields.

Ditto, for late Rafdons.

Ditto, for Lime Kiln and Quarry.

Ditto, for Catdown.

Ditto, for the other Part of Rafdon'sy being three

Fields.

Mr. Datey for late Symkins's three Fields.

Ditto, for three Fields, late Pearce's.

Mr. Suttojiy for late Gotham's Field.

Mr. William Hancock, for Bingham's House and

Field.

Mr. George How, for John fen's Well.

Ditto, for a Field in Old Penny Lane.

Mr. Roger Trendy for late Alartyns two Fields-

Mr. Langy for the Quarry.

Mr. Kerf welly for two Fields and a Barn.

Mr. Batty for late Coram's two Fields and Tene-

ment.

Mr. Richard Jfffreys, for Teat's Hill.

Mr. William Tuly, for his Quarry.

Mr. Marksy for Matter Ginnefsy for a Field at TothilL

Mr Fanning, for his Rope Walk in Smart's Meadow.

Mr. Datey for £fq; Bastard's Field near the Round

House.

Mr. Joseph Brent, for a Field and Cellars at Gockfide.

CAP. IX.

Further conti-

nued till

March iy 1775*

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*

intituled, An Act to continue and amend an A fly made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present AIajejly,

intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Irelandy for a limited

Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British

Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

CAP. X.

An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an

Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported front

Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain

only.

Preamble.

Act 5 Geo. J.

After 5 April,

1774, the Djty

of 1 1. 10 8. per

Cwr. on Gum

Senega toceafe;

and in lieu

thereof 5 s. per

Cwr. over ev< ry

other Duty im-

posed thereon,

The Duty to be

collected and ap

plied as by the

Ifcimer Ai\.

Ko Duty to be

charged on Gum

Senepa exported

from Grent B i-

taUi to Ireland

by Licence.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from

4 Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only, a Duty

4 of one Pound ten Shillings was granted upon every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Gum Senegay which

should be exported from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas: And whereas it has been found by

4 Experience, that the said Duty being so high, has induced illicit Traders to export great Quantities of

such Gum privately out of this Kingdom into Foreign Parts, without paying any Duty for the fame, and

4 also to export such Gum clandestinely from Senegal, directly to Hollandy and other Foreign Parts, con-

4 trary to the said recited Act, to the Prejudice of the fair Traders, and to the Loss and Detriment of the

4 publick Revenue j’ for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the fifth Day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said Duty of

one Pound ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Gum Senega, granted by the said recited Act, shall

cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that, in Lieu and in Stead thereof, there {hall be paid to

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Gum Senegay which

shall be exported from Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, the sum of five Shillings, over and

above any other Duty imposed thereon by any former Act of Parliament, and not repealed by this Act,

and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Gum.

.not repealed by this A&.

9

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this Act granted, shall

beraised, levied, collected, and recovered, by the same Rules and Regulations, and under the like Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, and with the like Allowances, for Goods loft at Sea; and shall be paid and applied in

such Manner, and to and for the fame Purposes, as the Duty by this Act repealed was raised, levied, col-

lested, recovered, paid, and applied, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,

Powers, and Directions, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in this present

Act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Duty hereby granted upon such Gum

Senega as shall be exported from Great Britain to Irelandy by Licence from the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Trsafury, or the QiOrd High Treasurer for the Time being, in pursuance of ary Act, made in the Sixth

Year

