337

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 51*

* be), and due Proof having been made, uponOath, by one or more credible Wifcnefs orWitnesses, or

‘ by Confession of the Party (as the Cafe may be), is convicted of

1 (fPcclfy 'luS the Offence).

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.*

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly written over upon Parchment, and Conviction to be

returned to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding, Distridf, Division, returned to the

City, Borough, or Town, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to “cxt GeJer*1

remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, Distrhft, Division, City, Borough, or V£artcr Sdhom.

Town.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Clerks of the

lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, DistridI, Division, City, Borough, or Town, Peace to give Co*,

and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to pie* of Convic-

cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convidiions, filed by him under the Directions of this tion'f °n Pa*-

Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such mc0 1#*

Copy,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures Person*convia-

hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the ed forthwith to

Person convicted, as follows ; one Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the P*y

Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed: And in case such Person shall refuse ^wthey wet#

or neglect to pay the fame* or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, be applied,

such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause Jncafeofite-

the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs fufaitop*y,m»j

and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which ^ bjr

said Warrant of Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the Manner and Form 1 rc

following ; (that is to say,)

* i To the Conjiable, Headborough, or Tithingman of

‘ Wf HE REAS A. B. of in the County of is this Day Form of the

* ▼ ▼ convicted before me, or us, one or more of his Majesty*$ Justices of the Peace (as the Cafe may be) Warrant^

‘ for the County of or for the Riding of the County of York, or for the

‘/Town, Liberty, or Distridt of (as the Cafe may be), upon the Oath of

‘or a credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party

‘ (as the Cafe may be), for that the said A. B. hath (here set forth,the Offence), contrary to the Statute in

‘ that Cafe made and provided, by reason whereof the said A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of

‘ # to be distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay: These are

‘ therefore, in his Majesty’s Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of

‘ by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A. B.; and if within the Space of five Days next

‘ after such Distress'by you taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking the

‘ fame, {hall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out

‘ of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay one Half of j)ie said Sum of

‘to of who informed me, or us, (as the Cafeshall be)

‘ of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum of to theOverfeer

‘ of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be employed for

‘ the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus rtf any) upon Demand to the said A. B. the reasonable

* Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress being first deduced 5 and if sufficient Distress

c cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A. B. whereon to levy the ftid Sum of

‘ that then you certify the fame to me, or us (as the Cafe tball be), together with

* this Warrant.

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals) the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to Offender m*y be

order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody, until Return may conveniently be had and made tp detained inCuf-

such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of

such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said fuftice or Justices, on such Days as shall be securityUfor hh

appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Distress (such Appearance be-

Day not exceeding five Days from the taking of such Security); which Security the said Justice or Justices fore the justice.

is and are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Return no sufficient 1 fno Distrefscan

Distress can be had, then, and in such Cafe, the said Justice or Justices (nail and may commit such Of- be had, oftemf-

fender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where e”todbtcom*

the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited {hall ^runill

be sooner paid ; or until such Offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice be given

Notice to the Informer, that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General of an intention

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the Offence {hall be to »rPw,» &c*

committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before fomc Justice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties,

conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as {hall be awarded by the

Vol. XII. Xx Justices

