502

Charge* of

weighing, &c«

how to be paid.

Navigation to be

free on Pay-

ment of Toll*.

No Boat under

15 Ton* to past

through any

Lock, Ac.

Owne s of ad-

joining Land*

may use Plea-

sure boat*.

T>raini, &c. to

be made for the

Benefit of Lands

adjoining.

and kept in Re-

paii by the Yro-

prietors.

T o *in«pythsto

he fenced from

the adjoining

Lands.

Cates, Bridges,

to be citwt-

cd.

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

shall be therein contained; and in case the fame shall, upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, ap-

?ear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than the Account given of the fame by the Mailer, Owner, or

Priori as aforesaid, such Mailer, Owner, or Person, shall pay the Colls and Charges of such weighing,

measuring, and gauging; all which said Cods and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon De-

mand, shall and may he recovered and levied by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as the said;

Rates and Dues herein before granted are or can be recovered and levied: But if such Goods, Wares, and

Merchandise, shall appear to be of the fame or less Weight or Quantity than the Account given in by

such Mailer, Owner, or Person, then the said Collector shall pay the Colls and Charges of such weigh-

ing, measuring, and gauging, and shall also pay to such Mailer or Person, or to the Owner or Owners of

such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, such Damages as shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to have arisen from

such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the fame shall be recovered from the Com-

Sany of Proprietors of the said Navigation, their Successors or Assigns, by Action of Debt, in any of his

lajelty’s Courts of Record.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all Persons whatsoever shall have free

Liberty to use with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, the private Roads and Ways (except the Towing-,

paths) for the Purpose of conveying any Goods, Wares, 'Merchandise, and Commodities whatsoever, to;

or from the said Canal and collateral Cuts; and also to navigate upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts

with any Boats or other Vessels not exceeding seven Feet in Breadth, and to use the said Wharfs and

Quays for loading and unloading any Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and ^Commodities; and also to use,

the said Towing-paths with Horles for haling and drawing such Boats and Vessels, upon Payment of such

Rates and Dues as shall he demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns,

not exceeding the Rates herein before mentioned.

LXIIL. Provided always. That no Boat or other Vefflel of less Burthen than fifteen Tons shall pass

through any of the Locks to be made by virtue of this Act, without the Consent of the said Company of*

Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Principal Agent for the Time being, in Writing nrll had

and obtained.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Owners and Occupiers of any Lands adjoining to the said Canal and collateral Cuts, to use any

Pleasure Boat or Boats upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts (so as the fame do not pass through any

Lock), without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, and without

paying any Rate or Due for the fame; and so as such Boat he not used for carrying any Goods, Wares,

or Merchandise, and do not obstrud or prejudice the said Navigation.

4 LXV. And, to the End that the said Navigation may be carried on with as little Damage to private

c Property as poffible/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Pro-

prietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own proper Colls and

Charges, to make, or cause to be made, such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, over, under,

or into, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and the Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, communi-

eating therewith, and the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof, of such Depth and Breadth as shall be

sufficient at all Times to convey the Water from the Lands adjoining or lying near to the said Canal or

collateral Cuts, without obstructing or impounding the fame; and also to make proper Watering-places for

Cattle, where, by means of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, Cattle shall have been deprived of Watering-

places; and that all such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, shall, from Time to Time, he ,

supported, maintained, andlcept in good and sufficient Repair, by the said Company of Proprietors, their ,

Successors and Assigns; and if at any Time or Times, after one Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given

by or on.Behalf of any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, who shall find him, her,

or themselves aggrieved by the Obstru£lion of the said Watercourses, to the said Companyof Proprietors,

or to their Clerk, Agent, or Collector, for the Time being, the said Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other

Passages, shall not be made, cleansed, and repaired, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&,

it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Order in Writing for that Purpose from

any five or more of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, as often as there shall he Occasion, to

make, cleanse, and repair, such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages; and the reasonable Ex-

pences thereof, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be defrayed

by the said Company of Pioprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to

satisfy the fame for the Space of one Calendar Month after Demand thereof made upon the said Company

of Proprietors, or their Clerk, Agent, or Collector, such Expences shall and may be recovered and levied

in such Manner as the Colls and Charges of making and erecting Bridges and other Works, by the Own-

ers or Occupiers of Land, are by this Act directed and appointed to be recovered and levied*

LX VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors*

their Successors and Assigns, shall, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after any Land shall be

taken for the Use of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, at their own proper Colls and Charges, divide and

separate, and keep constantly divided and separated, the Towing-paths onoach Side of the said Canal and

collateral Cuts, Trenches, or Passages, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be necessary, by Polls and

Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, or other Fences, from the remaining Lands or Grounds ad-

joining to such Towing-paths, and from which such Lands for the Use of the said Canal or collateral Cuts

shall have been so taken; and shall, at their own proper Cods and Charges, from Time to Time,‘main-

tain and support the said Towing-paths, and the said Polls, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks*

and other Fences, so ere£led, set up, or made, as aforesaid; and also shall, at their own Charges, make*

ere£l, and set up, such and so many convenient Gates, Bridges, and Stiles, in and overall the Hedges and

Fences to be by them so made on the’Sides of such Towing-paths as aforesaid, and also such Bridges,

Arches,

