534-

Purchase-momey

to be placed out

.at Interert, Sec.

‘Mefne Profiti

tecoterabJc, Sec.

Mortgagee*, on

Pajwnent or

Tender of Mort-

gage-money, to

convey the Pre-

>miic«, die.

Money payable

•to Bodies Cor-

porate, dec. to

'be inverted in

Purchase of

■•ther £ftatet*

Centrals or

Agreements al-

ready made, not

invalidated by

this Act,

Cemmissioneri

appointed.

Part of the Pa-

ri Ih of Clifton

exempted from

the judicial Ju-

rifdidion of

Clouceflershire,

and made Part

of Brillol*

C. 33. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776'.

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall and*may be lawful to and for the said Justices in their said Sef-

fions, or some Adjournment thereof, after such Payment into the said Chamber, and Registry as aforesaid,

on the Application of any Person or Persons interested in such Ground or Premises, or any Part thereof,

or the Monies so paid into the said Chamber for the Parch ale thereof, or in respect of any Right or Inte-

rest therein, to place out and invert, or cause to be placed out and inverted, such Sum or oums of Money,

or any Part thereof, in some of the public Funds, or on Government Securities, or in the said Chamber

of Bristol, at Interert, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Justices

for that Purpose, in Trull to transfer and assign the fame to such Person or Persons to whom the Money

so paid shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances as aforesaid ; and in the mean time in Trust

to pay the Interert and Dividends arising therefrom to such Person or Persons who shall be froirt Time for

Time intitled to receive the same.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who would be

intitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises against the Person or Persons in PofleJlion, in case the

fame had not been so conveyed as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from

such Interert and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt against the Person or Persons who shall re-

ceive the fame; and the said Justices, in their said Sections, or at some Adjournment thereof, are hereby

impowered and authorised to make such Order as aforesaid on the Chamberlain of the said City, for the

Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, a9 shall be necessary, in order to their

being inverted in the Funds or Government Securities, or in the said Chamber of Bristol \ and the said

Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, their

Successors and Assigns, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Ground and Premises for which such Mo-

nies shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or

Equity, for the Money to be so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the

Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mortgagee or Mortgagees of

any Land which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns respectively, on having six Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them,

from the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, or any Person authorised by

them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interert Money which, at the Expiration of

*he said six Months, shall be due on such Mortgage, shall, at the End of the said six Months, after every

such Notice of Payment, or Tender, of the Principal and Interert Money which shall be then due, ooii~

vey and assign his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests, in and to the said mortgaged Premises,

to such Person or Persons as they, the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid,

shall nominate or appoint, in Trust for the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society afore-

said, their Successors and Assigns, to the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee or

Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then

all Interest on every such Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said six Months after any such Notice

given as aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted. That the principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands

or Hereditaments which shall be purchased, for the Purposes intended by this Act, of any Body Corpo-

rate or Ecclesiastical, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other

Trustees, or from any Feme-covert or Infant, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively no-

minate to receive the same in Trust, with all convenient Speed to be re-inverted in the Purchase of other

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments ; which Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, shall be conveyed and settled to and upon and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Re-

mainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be purchased from them

respectively by the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, were respectively

settled, limited, or allured, at the Time of such the purchasing of the fame, or so many thereof as,

at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking

Effect.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing herein contained shall

invalidate or make void, or tend to invalidate or make void, any Contraft or Agreement already made be-

tween any Person or Persons whomsoever touching or concerning the Sale of any Land, or Parts or Shares

of Land, in or heretofore Part of Rownhairis Meads aforesaid, for the Purposes of this* Act, or which may

tend to the facilitating the Operation thereof, or which will be convenient to be purchased by the said

Society ; but that all and every such Contraft or Agreement shall (land in and have the fame Force as if

this Act had not been made; and the Party or Parties who are or shall be bound thereby, or are or shall be

willing to carry the fame into Execution, are and shall be hereby enabled so to do.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons herein after mentioned

shall be Commissioners for the Purposes in this Act mentioned 5 (that is to say) Morran Smith Esquire,

Thomas Tyndall Esquire, Robert Jackson Esquire, IViliam Mies Esquire, Samuel Farr Doctor in Physic,

John Merlot Esquire, 'John Freeman the younger Esquire, Henry Durbin Esquire, John Durbin the younger

Esquire, Mr. Henry Farr Yeatmany the Reverend Doctor John Cajberd, and the Reverend Doctor

Stonhouse.

4 XXIV. And whereas the Business which will be carried on at the said Floating-dock and new-intended

1 Quay, and at the several Docks, Yards, and other Places, near or adjoining thereto, and herein after

c mentioned and described, in the said Parish of Clifton, will be chiefly transadted by or between Persons

4 engaged in the Trade of the said Port of Brijlolbe it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority

aforesaid. That, from and after the twenty*ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-

