A. D. 1776. Anno decimo (exto Georgii III. C. 26.* 481

and Persons so in Arrear, and neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any

be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, on Demand.

4 XV. And, for the more effectual levying the Money rated and assessed for the several Purposes of this

* Act,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Goods and Chattels of any Person rated Goods, may

or assessed as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, shall and may be distrained in Manner bco'^rtlned

aforesaid, not only within the Limits of this Act, but in any other Place in the County of Surrey; and Non-payment of

if suficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then upon Oath thereof made before any Rates,

one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place (which Oath

shall be certified under the Hand of the said Justice or Justices on the Warrant made for such Distress),

the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing or neglecting to pay shall be subject and liable to such

Distress in such other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the fame Oiall be found, and may, by vir-

tue of such Warrant and Certificate, be distrained and fold in the same Manner, as if the fame had been

found within the Limits of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees may

Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall judge fit and neceiTaiy, at any com^nd»

of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to compound with, or in Part or wholly to

remit to, any Person or Persons so rated or assessed as aforesaid, and who shall or may at any 'l ime here- p

after be exempted from or excused the Payment of the Church and Poor’s Rates, or either of them, within

the Limits of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money which he or they shall be so rated or assessed as

aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates and Assessments shall Coiwiort

embezzle, detain, or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so collected by him, so that e^ib^*,dc^2ey

the fame cannot be recovered from him, or shall be possdTed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him col- *°cnecyC|'

lested by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be paid or recovered from his Executors or Administra- raised by a new

tors for the Space of forty Days after his Death ; then, and in every such Cafe, all such Sums of Money Rate.

shall be raised by a new Rate or Afleftment to be made for that Purpose on the Inhabitants of the said

Villages and other Places within the Limits of this Act; and shall be collected and levied in such Manner,

and underfuch Penalties, as are herein before provided for the collecting and levying the Rates and Af-

feflments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

4 XVIII. And, in order that a suficient Sum of Money maybe forthwith raised to defray the Expences Trustees im-

c of lighting and watching the said Villages, and the several Roads and Places aforesaid,* be it further to ^r-

enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time row 500 ’

to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of thi* Act, not exceeding in the Whole

the Sum of five hundred Pounds, at Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and to assign and to assign the

over by Writing, signed by any five or more of the said Trustees, all or any Part of the said Rates or Af- Rate* #l a Sc*

feflments, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed ; curity*

and all such Alignments or Securities as aforesaid shall be in Words to the following Effect:

€ TJY virtue of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George‘the Third, Ror*n of Afllp.

* D for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and mcQt*

c certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Pat role between Peckham and

c Blackman-street in the Borough of Southwark; wc of the Trustees

* for putting the said Act in Execution, do assign to his Executors, Administrators,

€ and Alligns, in confutation of the Sum of from this Day

* of in the Year of our Lord until the Sum of

* with Interest, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid, such Proportion of the Rates

c or Assessments to be rated or assessed by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

* shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of the fame.*

And Copies of all such Securities (hnll be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Copies of Secu-

Clerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed after such first Meeting, unless Notice for ”tl4* ?° bc cn”

that Purpose be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Church Door of Camberwell aforesaid, at least lcrc 10 a ,x)~

fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Se- Securities may

curity or Securities shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may, bc l™nsicrred.

from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, assign or

transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured,

to any Person or Persons whomf ever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security in the Presence of one

credible Witness; which Transfer or Alignment shall be to the following Efleft:

IDO transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby fe-

cured, unto his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. In Witness

4 whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

4 Witness, C. D. A. B.9

Form of Trans-

fer,

Which said Transfers or Alignments shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees (in All Transfers to

case a Clerk shall be appointed), or, if no Clerk shall be appointed, then to any one or more of the said * entered in

Trustees, to the End an Entry or Memorial may be made of such Alignment or Transfer in the Books of

the said Trustees; which Entry shall contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, for

which the said Clerk (in case a Clerk shall be appointed) shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or

any five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence \ and after

3 Q^2 such

