A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C» 13. $7^

-shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collc&of or ColItAors, by War*

rant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Weft Riding, ren-

dering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner, after such Distress and Sale shall have been made as

aforesaid.

XXV. And be it 'further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Canal shall be

free for all his Majesty’s Subjects whomsoever, who are hereby authorised and impowered to navigate upon

the fame with any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, not exceeding the Burthen of twenty-four Tons, and

to use the said Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, and Merchandise; and also to

life the said Towing-paths for haling and drawing such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon Payment

of such Rates or Dues as shall be demanded by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Hein or Af&gns^ot exceed*

ing the Rates or Dues herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. Provided always. That no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, of less Burthen than fifteen Tons, Vessel*«fiaerfc

{hall pass through any Lock without the Consent of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, or Toot not topft

his or their principal Agent for the said Navigation for the Time being, in Writing first had and obtained through Lock*

for that Purpose.

4 XXVII. And, to the End the said Navigation may be made and carried on with as little Damage Arches, T«a*

c to private Property as possible,* be it further enacted, That the said Sir John Ritmfden, his Heirs and

Assigns, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges,

to make, or cause to be nyide, such ArcHes, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, over, under, or into, the Towing*

the said Canal, and the Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, communicating therewith, and the Towing- piths,

paths on the Sides thereof, of such Depth and Breadth as shall be sufficient, at all Times, to con-

vey the Water from the Lands adjoining or lying near to the said Canal; and that all such Arches*

Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, shall, from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, and kept, in

good and sufficient Repair by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns; and if at any Time or Ownersaggrtev*

Times, after one Month’s Notice shall be given by or on the Behalf of any Owner or Occupier of the ®»y

Aid adjacent Lands, who shall find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by the Obstruction of any Wa- Vorkuta*

tercourse, to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or to his or their known Agent, or the th^ Ex^cn^s,

Collector of the said Rates or Dues, the said Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, mall not be

nude, cleansed, repaired, and maintained, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall

and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Order in Writing for that Purpose from the

{aid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Oc«

casion, to make, cleanse, and repair, such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, and the rea-

sonable Expence thereof, to he ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall

be defrayed by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns 5 and in case of Neeled or Refusal to

fetisfy the fame for the Space of one Month after Demand thereof made upon the said Sir John Ramsden,

his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Agent, or upon any Collector of the said Rates or Dues, such Ex-

pences shall and may be levied and recovered in such Manner as the Costs and Charges of making and

erecting Bridges, and other Works, by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, are by this Act directed and

appointed to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or Brook* or

be construed to extend, to prevent the Tenants or Occupiers of the several Lands and Estates through Sneamsmayii.

which the said Canal is intended to be made, from turning the several Brooks or Streams intended to run

kito the said Can il, in order to water their respective Lands, so that such Turning do not hinder such

Brooks or Streams from running into the said Canal, after watering the respective Lands as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, shall and BHIget,ftc. tu*

may cause to be made, set up, and, from Time to Time, maintained and kept in Repair, convenient J*®^*®*

Gates, Bridges, Passages, ano Stiles, in and over all the Ditches and Fences, Towing-paths and Ways* kept u> Repairs

$0 be made for the Purposes of the said Navigation, and shall and may fence in the said Towing-path*

where the fame shall be wanting $ and also shall and may cause to be made sufficient Bridges, with proper

Battlements, or Posts and Rails on each Side, over the said Canal, Trenches, and Passages for Water,

where necessary, for the Use of the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto ad-

joining. to make convenient Passages to and from the Lands for the Use and Occupation of the fame.

4 XXX. And whereas it may hereafter happen from Floods, or from some unexpected Accidents, Power to pee

that the Locks, Weirs, Floodgates, Dams, Banks, Trenches, or other Works of the said Canal, may Material* in cab

4 be damaged or destroyed, and the adjacent Lands damaged or endangered, and that it may be necessary of foddcnDt*

the fame should be immediately repaired or rebuilt to prevent farther Damage be it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any such Cafe shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for

the said Sir John Ranfden, his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, or his or their Servants, Agentsr

or Workmen, (without any previous Application to the said Commissioners, anti without any Delay or

Interruption from any Person or Persons whatsoever, to enter into any Lands, Grounds, or Heredita-

ments, adjoining or near to the said Cana) and Trenches (not being the Ground whereon any House

Hands, or not being an Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a*

House), and to dig for, get, work, take, carry away, and use, all such Stones, Gravel, and other Ma-

terials, a? may be necessary or proper for the Purposes aforesaid, without any previous Treaty whatfo-

rver witlvthe Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, or other Person or Persons interested in, such*

Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any of them, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the

Works will admit of, and making R^compence for such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers of, or

other Persons interested in, such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, within the Space of three Months

next after the fame shall be demanded, for all Damages which may be done by Means of the digging for,

getting, working, taking) carrying away, and using such Stones, Gravel, and Materials, or any of them j.

4r . which*

