596

Fifteen Direct-

ors and acting

Guardians to be

}><net i Ge-

neral Quarterly

Meetings;

who may ad-

journ,

ii'l K-ttleTrea-

surer's Ac-

counts;

to be audited by

Jufficts at Spe-

cial Sclftons,

DireCtorS and

a<f)ing Guar-

dians may ap-

point Gover-

nors, and other

Officer?, ac

Quarterly Meet-

ings,

Allowances to

be made to Of-

Uccrr.

Directors, See.

may discharge

Officers at Dif-

Cittion.

Penalty on Di-

rectors, See. for

negleCling to

bold Meetings,

Abdication of

Justices as to

such Penalties

to be final.

Committees to

be ap ointed for

cacti Quarter.

IVhen Officers

to rnter on

Offices.*

Commencement

and De'crrcuna-

tion of Quarters.

C. 53, Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

. XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all or any of the four General

Quarterly Meetings by this Act directed to be held as aforesaid, not less than fifteen of the Directors and

acting Guardians together (whereof five at least shall be Directors) shall be present; and it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians assembled at such General Quarterly Meetings, to

adjourn such Meetings respectively to the second Thursday in the Month next succeeding such respective

Quarterly Meetings; at which Adjournments the Directors and acting Guardians then and there assembled

shall examine and settle the Tr^afurer’s Accounts, and shall cause the fame to be delivered, by their Trea-

surer or Cleric for the Time being, or other Officer, to one of the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace for

the County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the Ife of Wight \ which Justices are hereby im-

powered to hold a Special Sessions four Times in the Year; (that is to say) on the first Thursday in the

Month next ensuing each of the said Adjournments, to audit the said Accounts; and the Clerk of the said

Justices shall lay the fame before the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions, to be by the said Justices exa-

mined, audited, and finally parted; for which a Fee of ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, (hull

be paid to the Cleric of the said Justices or his Deputy; and no other Fee or Reward shall be paid to, or

be had, received, or taken by, the Clerk of the said Justices, or his Deputy, or any other Person or Per-

fons, under any Pretext whatsoever, for auditing or parting the said Accounts: Provided that the Justices

holding such Sections, or any or either of them, shall not have acted in the Capacity of Director or acting

Guardian during the Time for which such Accounts are to be parted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any General Quarterly Meeting assembled, from Time to

Time to appoint one or more Governor or Governors, and Steward or Stewards, and any other Officer

or Officers they shall find necessary (and such Governors and Stewards shall be Members of the Church

of England. and shall oversee and inspedt the Persons so maintained in such House); and the said Direct-

ors and acting Guardians at any such Meeting may also appoint any Woman or Women, who shall be

maintained by the said Guardians, or any other Woman or Women, as to the said Directors and acting

Guardians shall seem most expedient, (provided that (he or they so appointed be Members of the Church

of England) to be a Matron or Matrons, to attend and superintend the Poor in such House; and such Go-

vernors and Stewards, Matron or Matrons, shall from Time to Time make Reports of the Behaviour of

such Poor Persons who shall be there maintained; and that the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any

such General Quarterly Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint some Clergyman of the

Church of England to attend the said House.; and the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such

General Quarterly Meeting, shall, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowance to such Cler-

gyman, and Governors and Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, as well as to the Clerk and Treasurer or

Treasurers, and all Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, out of the Money hereby directed to

be raised, for their Pains and Trouble therein; and may from Time to Time displace or discharge him, her,

or them, or any of them, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such Quarterly

Meeting, shall seem meet, and ypon their or either of their Removal, Death, or Resignation, to choose

others in his, her, or their Stead.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Directors and acting

, Guardians shall neglect or refuse to hola any such Quarterly or Annual Meeting or Meetings, every Di-

rector and acting Guardian failing in his Duty therein, (if in the said Island) shall, on due Proof, by the

Oath of one Witness or more, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for

the Division of the Isle of Wight$ for every such Default, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied

by Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, unless a sufficient

Reason shall be given on the Behalf of such Director or acting Guardian, to be allowed by the Justice or

Justices before whom Complaint of such Default shall be made and heard.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Adjudication of such Justice or Justices shall be final, to all

Intents and Purposes; and that no Appeal or Certiorari shall be brought to remove, re-examine, or annul

the fame; and the Forfeiture, when received or levied, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time

being, and be made a Part of the common Stock of the said Corporation.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians, at the General Quar-

terly Meeting to be held on the last Thursday in June, shall appoint twenty-one Directors and acting

Guardians together (fix of which Number at the least to be Directors) for each Quarter of the fucCteding

Year, to inspedt,-direct, manage, and provide for the poor People in the said House; and for that Pur-

pose the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians, or any five or more of them (whereof two to be

Directors), shall, in the respective Quarter or Quarters of the Year for which they shall be appointed, meet

at the said House every Saturday Morning (and oftener if neccrtary); or on any other Day that may be

thought more convenient, and fixed by the General Quarterly Meeting to be held on the Uft Thursday in

June) together with the Clerk for the Time being; and such of them as shall be there present, and all

other Directors and acting Guardians who may occasionally attend, shall and may give such Directions as

they shall think proper, for the Employment, Maintenance, and Relief of the Poor in such House, and

for carrying into Execution such Rules, Orders, and Constirutions, and such Powers and Authorities, as

shall be from Time to Time made and granted by the said Directors and acting Guardians.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at the next Election of Directors, acting Guardians, and all

other Officers of this Corporation, on the last Thursday in June next ensuing, the Persons elected shall en-

ter on their Offices on the Day following the Day of Election, and shall hold the fame until the fl:ft Day

of July in the succeediig Year, unless in case of Death, Resignation or Removal; and the first Quarter

of the \ear of the Persons so elected shall determine on the last Day of September next ensuing, and the

succeeding Quarters of the same Year {hail commence on the first Days of October) January) and April)

and shall determine on the last Days of December) March) and June, inclusive, respectively.

XXII. Ai d

