295

A.D. 1775; Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 27.

ing of Keels and other Carriages used for the Carriage of Coals in the said Ports of Newcastle and Sun-

derland j which Commissioners, so to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any three or more of them,

shall causeall Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, and Coup9, and all other Vessels and Carriages

whatsoever, so used as aforesaid, at every other Port in this Kingdom, to be admeasured, weighed, hum-

- bered, aid marked, at such Times and Places, and by such Person and Persons, as the said Commissioners

shall respectively direct and appoint for that Purpose, in the Manner hereafter expressed ; that is to say,

all Keels, Boats^ Waggons, Barrows, Carts, and Coups, and all other Vessels and Carriages whatsoever,

used as aforesaid in the Carriage of such Coals as are uiually sold by the Chalder, shall be measured with

food middling Coals, by the Buftiel commonly called the Coal Bushel, made round, with a plain and even The Dimenfiom

lottom nineteen Inches and an half from Outside to Outside, and to contain one JVinchester Bushel and of the Bufcei.

one Quart of Water, according to the Standard for the Winchester Bushel, described determined by an Act of Par-

liament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King JViUiam the Third, for settling

a Duty upon Malt, allowing thirty-six Bushels heaped up to one Chalder, and all Keels, Boats, Waggons, Keel*, Boat*.

Barrows, and all other Vessels and Carriages used as aforesaid in the Carriage of such Coals as are uiually

sold by Weight, shall be measured by the Ton, containing twenty hundred Weight, each hundred Weight by th^Ton*

to contain one hundred and twelve rounds Weight avoirdupois; and every such Waggon, Carr, Coup* containing

or other Land Carriage, so admeasured as aforesaid, shall be numbered, marked, and nailed, on the Head aoCwt. Ac.

and each Side thereof ; and each and every Keel, Boat, or other Vessel or Water Carriage so used as Waggons, Cart*,

aforesaid in the Carriage of such Coals as are usually sold by Weight, shall be admeasured by a dead and

Weight of Lead or Iron, allowing twenty hundred Weight avoirdupois to the Ton; and every such mari<ed'«ndiii

Keel, Boat, or othqr Vessel or Carriage, so used as aforesaid in the Carriage of any, Coals by Water, what Manner*

whether usually sold by the Chalder or by Weight, so admeasured as aforesaid, shall be numbered, marked,

and nailed, on each Side of the Stem ana Stern and Midship thereof, or in such other Manner as the said

Commissioners shall respectively direct, to denote what Quantity of Coals each respective Carriage will '

hold and carry up to the Mark so set thereon; and the several and respective Duties due and payable to DirtielVo be paid

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon such Coals, shall be charged, collected, and paid for according to the;

the fame, according to the Quantity of Coals such Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, Coups, or Quantity such

other Vessels or Carriages, shall respectively contain up to the Markfo set thereon; any Law, Custom, or Kcds, Boats, Ac.

Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. . shall contain.

If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners appointed in pur^ Commissioners

fuance of this Act, or any three of them, shall give three Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Ad-

measurement to the Owner or Owners of such Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, Coups, or other OwnersofKeeJir

Vessels or Carriages; and if after such Notice given, any Keel or other Carriage whatsoever shall be used &c. of the Tim©

or employed in the Carriage or Removal of any Coals, in order to be laden on Board any Ship or Vessel and piaceof A/U

for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise in this Kingdom, before the fame shall be measurement;

measured, numbered, marked, and nailed, as aforesaid, every such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, ^tice^ifanv

Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, together with the Coals which shall be laden thereon, shall be for- Kee^Vc/be

feited, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted in used before mea-

the Manner herein-after directed. fared, Ac. the

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case after the admeasuring, number- ^.The,to * for~

ing, marking, and nailing, of any Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup, or other Vessel or Car* j/In* Number*

riage, the Number or Mark so set thereon as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be removed or altered, or Marks be re.

in order to frustrate the Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, moved, Ac. »f-

Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, and the Coals, if any shall be laden thereon, shall be forfeited, and ter Admeafore.

shall and may be seized and prosecuted as aforesaid ; and the Owner or Owners of such Keel, Boat, Wag-' ™ent of K«el,»

§on, Barrow, Cart, Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, and each and every Person or Persons who (halt theyihallbeVor-

e any-ways concerned in or privy to the doing thereof, and who shall be convicted of such Offence upon* feited,

the Evidence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of »nd the Owners

the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall respectively* or Person* con-

forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; to be levied upon his, her, or their Goods and Chattels by Distref9 and cer“cd *° forfeic

Sale thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus, if’ may be

any, to the Person or Persons distrained upon; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Owner or Owners levied by Distrcfs*

of such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, and the Person or Per-" or such Person*

fons so convicted of such Offence shall, by like Warrant, be committed to the Common Gaol for the' may hecommit-

County, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of three tcdPayment.

Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty of ten Pounds shall be paid before the Expi-

ration of that Time.

IV. And be ir further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, Ptrfont appoint-

any Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed to examine and take an Account of the Quantity of any cdtot*ke*n Ac.

Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be laden or shipped on Board any Ship or Vessel at any Port or culm,0Ac.O{hip«

Place whatsoever in this Kingdom, to be exported info foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise from pcd,Ac. mayenZ

such Port or Plnce to any other Port, Member, or Creek, within the same Port, or to any other Port or icrand remain

Place in Great Britain, shall and may freely enter and remain in and upon any Staith, Wharf, or other °nsny Wharf,

Place, from whence such Ccals, Culm, or Cinders, are laden, or intended to be shipped off and laden, p<jrf

as aforesaid ; and every Person who shall hinder, obstruct, molest, or oppose any Officer or Officers of the obstrutting of-*

Customs in the due Execution of his or their Duty required and directed by this Act, shall, for every such beers in their Du*

Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds. , ty to forfeit took

, V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties herein- Forfeitures, Ac.

befo'e mentioned (after the deducting the Charges of seizing, prosecuting, and recovering the fame) to be divided,

shall be divided, one Moiety tp his Majesty, his llgjrs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Of- one Moiety to

' ficer Majesty, aflvi

