A nv rtLer S.rect

i! Pa -Hi

tTi «v hr pjvtd,

vr- n IV tion to

tl t C nurif-

r r.> r<,

(Lx ly.loii.)

and fv ch

S■ r< ■’ l>“ un-

der tiier Go-

virmfi", &c.

nr 11 « 1'* crrr.prc-

h-r’t J in is a

MU

I cafeho’^f r%

Set. q'teiu. ning

the Vilichty tf

inch iV.irion, to

Lr<ng tl t'r Ac*

ti>>m i ) three

IA cl ins.

After

taor.tl s, Lvi-

. «.(f r' Ihe

t'o.r m l’.* oi.-n

Order l> os

i!^i,kO lulli-

cknt.

JXrthnesirayle

unth » cd.

C 54. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XLVI. And be it farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter Two-

thirds or more of the Leaftholders and Landlords or Owners of Houses anti Tenements, within any of the

find other Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Paffi ges, or Places, situate and being in the said Parish of Sa'iKt

Shndwell (other than Inch of them as have been new paved by virtue of the said recited Act for

paving Rrj:mary Lane, and other the Places befote mentioned), or within a»y new Street, Row, Lane,

Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, hereafter to be erected and built within the said Paiifh, shall at any Time

h.reafter apply by Petition to the said Com mi flic, ners, expressing their Desire to have the several Regula-.

tions, Powers, and Authorities, given and directed by this Act, to extend to and comprehend such Streer,

Lane, Alley, Row, Court, Railage, and Place; that tlun it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-

missioners to order the fame accordingly, and the Pavement of the said Street, Lane, or other Place, com-

prehended by such Petition, {hall, after an Order made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes afore-

said, be from thenceforth verted in the said Commissioners appointed by this Act; and such Street or Place

shall remain under the fame Government, Direction, and Management of them, and their Officers, or

other Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, as the said ltveral Streets, Lanes, and Places, first au-

thoriied to be paved ; and the said Commissioners, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons

ceding under them, shall have the fame Power and Authority in, over, and through such Street or Place,

petitioned for as aforesaid, as also over the (c viral Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

and the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof, Companies, Commissioners,

Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, aj d Workmen, and all and every other Per-

son nr Persons whatsoever, interested in or intitle 1 to any Privfcge therein, and every Matter and Thing

relating to the Premises, as the said Commissioners app, inted by this Acrt, and their Officers, Servants,

and Workmen, adding under them, are inverted with by this Act; and the Lid Commissioners are hereby

authorised and impowered to make the like Rates and Ai! Aments upon the several Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Heieditaments, contained in such Street, Lane, Alley, Pailage, or Place, petitioned for

as aforesaid, as they are hereby authorised and impowered to do in the Streets, Lanes, and Places, first

mentioned to he paved ; and to raise, by the Ways and Means herein before mentioned, so much Money,

as shall he sufficient to defray the Charges and Expences arising in consequence of such Petition and Order

as aforesaid, which shall rtand charged upon the Rates and Allellinents to be made by virtue of this Act,

in like Manner as the Monies herein before directed to be raised, and shall be fuhj £t and governed by the

I ke Clauses, Authorities, and Directions, herein before let forth respecting the fame; and every Clause,

Matter, and Thing, contained in this Act, shall be conrtrued, adjudged, deemed and taken to extend to

every such Street, Lane, and Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, and also to the said several Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, and being therein, and the several

inhabitants, Landloidc, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick

and Corporate, their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons in-

terested in or inti tied to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to or in anywise

concerning the Premises, in like Manner as the fame Claujes extend, or shall be adjudged or conrtrued to

extend, in similar Cafes, to the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved, and to the

several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof, Companies, Commissioners, Bodies

Politick and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever interested or intitled to any

Privilege therein, or to any Matter or Thing relating to the Premises ; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures,

end Punishments, shall be inflicted, and for the like causes, as are herein expressed, and shall be sued for,

movered, levied, and executed, in the same Manner.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful for any of the said Leaseholders, Landlords, or Owners, at any Time within the Space of three

Months fiom the Date of the Order of the said Commissioners, to be made upon such Petition as afore-

said, to prosecute any Abllon or Suit in any of his Majesty’s Courts of R:cord at JVcJlminster, against the

said Commissioners making such Order, or their Surveyor, for trying the Validity of such Petition and

Order, in which Action Corts of Suit shall be awarded to the Party in whose Favour a Verdict shall be

found.

XLVIII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in

rale no such Action shall be commenced and prosecuted v.ith Effect, within the Space of three Months

from the Date of the Order of the said Commissioners, to be made upen such Petition as aforesaid, that

then, from and after the Expiration of the said three Months, the producing of the Older of the said Com-

miiuoners shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, in any Court of Law or Equity, to be good and sufficient

Evidence of the Street, Lane, 01 Place, so petitioned for as aforesaid, and mentioned in such Order, being

made Part of, and comprehended in, the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, hereby authorised to be

paved ; and that the fame is comprised in the respective Claudes, Powers, and Authorities, contained in

this Act, and of the Right of the Commissioners to c xcreile the several Powers and Authorities contained

herein, over or rcfpifling any such Street, Lane, or Place.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Lid Commissioners, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons

against whom any Action or Afftons, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, for any

Penalty or Penalties contained in this Act, or in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into,

on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums

of Money as they shall think proper; and also tomitigite, compound, or hffin, any other the Forfeitures

incurred under this Act, to as tue Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or

Damage firtuined by the Breach or Non-performance of any Clause comprised in this Act, or of such Con-

trail or Com rafts, and all the Coils, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and :o

as the Miugation of the ether Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said

forlciiuics leA.ecbively.

L. And

