A. D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 53*

44 Us, Our Heirs and Successors, in that Part of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our

44 Dominion of Walej, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, and amongst all and every the Sub-

44 jests of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, whatsoever and wheresoever, notwithstanding the not full and

44 certain describing the Nature or Quality of the said Invention, or of the Materials thereto conducing

44 and belonging : In Witness whereof, Wc have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness

44 Ourself at Westminster, the seventeenth Day of March, in the eighth Year of Our Reign.”

c And whereas the said William Cookworthy hath, by an Instrument in Writing, under his Hand and Seal,

4 defciibed and ascertained the Nature of the said Invention, and the Manner in which the fame is to be

‘ performed; and hath caused the fame to be inrolled in his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, within

4 the Time and in the Manner directed by the said Letters Patent: And whereas, by a Deed of Assign-

4 ment, bearing Date the sixth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said IVil-

4 liam Cookworthy (for the Considerations therein mentioned) hath assigned all his Interest, Benefit, and

‘ Property, in the said Letters Patent, and Invention, unto Richard Champion of Bristol, Merchant, his

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And whereas the said Richard Champion hath been at a very

,4 considerableExpence, and at great rains and Labour, in prosecuting the said Invention; and by reafou

4 of the great Difficulty attending a Manufacture upon a new Principle, hath not been able to bring the

4 fame to Perfection until within this last Year; and it will require further Pains, Labour, and Expence,

4 to render the said Invention of publick Utility; for all which Trouble and Expence the said Richard

4- Champion will not be able to receive an adequate Compensation, unless the Term granted by the said

4 Letters Patent be prolonged :* To the End therefore that the said Richard Champion may be encouraged

to prosecute and complete the said Invention, may it please your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the

said Richard Champion) that it may be enabled 5 and be it enacted by the ICing’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all and every the Powers, Liberties, Pri-

vileges, Authorities, Rights, Benefits, and Advantages, which ia and by the said Letters Patent were

originally given and granted to him the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Af-

ligns, and no further or greater than he, or the said Richard Champion, would have been intitled to if

this Afthad not been made, shall be, and the fame are hereby given and granted to the said Richard Cham-

pion, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and shall be held, exercised, and enjoyed, by him the

said Richard Champion, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the present Term of

fourteen Years granted by the said Letters Patent; and from and after the End and Expiration of the said

Term of fourteen Years thereby granted, for and during the further or additional Term of fourteen Years,

in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as

he the said Richard Champion, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, could have held and enjoyed the

fame, underand by virtue of the said Letters Patent for the Term thereby granted, in case the said Letters

Patent had been originally granted by his Majesty to him the said Richard Champion, his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said

Richard Champion shall not cause to be inrolled in *he High Court of Chancery, within four Months after

passing this Act, a Specification of the Mixture and Proportions of the Raw Materials of which his Por-

celain is composed, and likewise of the Mixture and Proportions of the Raw Materials which compose the-

Glaze of the fame (which Specification is now in the Hands of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Bri-

tain) ; or if the fame {hall not be a true and just Specification of the Mixture and Proportions of the said

Materials; then this Act shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, any Thing herein before con-

tained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to hinder or prevent any Potter*

or Potters, or any other Person or Persons, from making, use of any such Raw Materials, or any Mixture*

or Mixtures thereof (except such Mixture of Raw Materials, and in such Proportions, as are described in*

the Specification herein before directed to be inrolled), any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwith*’

{landing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be a Publick Act ; and mall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and*

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP; LIIL

An Act for‘enabling the two Universities in England, the four Uriiverfities in Scotland, and

the several Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and Winchester, to hold in Perpetuity their Copy*

Right in Books, given or bequeathed to the said Universities and Colleges for the Ad-4-

vancement of useful Learning and other Purposes of Education; and for amending so

much of an Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the De-

livery of Books to the Warehouse Keeper of the Stationers Company, for the Use of -;

the several Libraries therein mentioned.

• II 7 HERE AS Authors have heretofore bequeathed or given, and may hereafter bequeath or give,*

4 VV die Copies of Books composed by them, to or in Trust for one of the two Universities in that 1

4 Part of Great Britain called England, or to or in Trust for some of the Colleges or Houses of Learning

4 within the same, or to or in Trust for the four Universities in Scotland, or to or in Trust for the several

AH the Powers,

Privileges, &c.

contained in the r

before-recited

Letters Patent,

by thi- A&

granted to RI- 1

chardChairpioa,

hrr Executor*-,

&c. with a fur-*

ther Term of

14 Years.

Specifications of

the Mixture and

Proportions of

the Raw Mate*

rials to be ia*

rolled in the

Court of Chan*

eery within 4.

Months, other*

wife this Alt to

be void.

No Potter, &c.

hindered from

ufrng the fame

In different Pro* ‘

portions.

Publick AO*

College.

