144 {

No Suit m

Equity to be

commenced, but

by Coafent cf

the Majority in

Value of the

Cleile of the

Peace to exhibit

to the Creditor,

or his Attorney,

upon Payment

of 11. the Sche-

dule of the Prl-

ilnePt Estate

Mad EJfc&a.

Attested Copy

thereof to be

granted.

which shall be

Evidence in all

Courts.

Clerk of the

Peace refuGog

to produce such

Schedule, oc to

deliver a Copy

thereof, or tak-

ing exorbitant

Feet for the

fame,

forfeits rol. and

Treble Cofti;

One Moiety to

the Prosecutor9

and the other to

the Poor of the

A ffigneet of Co-

pyhold and Cuf-

totnary Estate*

to compound

with the Lord of

the Manor,

ai>d to be admit-

ted Tenant!

thereupon*

The Prisoner'*

Eight and Inter-

eft, dec. only to

be atfelled hp

this A a.

All Mortgages,

) Statutes, dec. are

to take place

preferable to

Claim»of an in-

ferior Nature.

2. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

XIII. Provided further, and be it also cnailed, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any

Ailigneeor Assignees 0/any such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in

Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the

London Gazette for that Purpose.

Creditors.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, and

County Riding, Divihon, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of

any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, ailing as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable

Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, or his or

their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day-

time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which

shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace,

or his Predecessor in that Office} the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule paying or ten-

dering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, in whose

Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching

/or, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the fame shall be perused by the Party or Parties

requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame: And that a true Copy of every such Sche-

dule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, in

whose Custody the fame shall be, or his Deputy, purposing the fame to be a true Copy of such Schedule,

without being wrote on stamped Paper (and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the

Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for a less Number of Words in any

Sheet), shall, at all Times, be admitted, in all Courts whatsoever, as legal Evidence of the fame: And if

any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer adtine as Clerk of the Peace, shall,

on reasonable Request as aforesaid, negleil or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as afore-

said, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the fame to be inspected as

aforesaid,; in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or

(tako more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so

in proportion for lese than seventy-two Words in a Sheet 5 or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of

any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the fame, and having the Money tendered to

him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for every such Ofrence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of ten Pounds *, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster% by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person

who shall prosecute for the fame: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to

the Party who prosecutes for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the

Offence shall be committed.

Periflu

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid

shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any Copyhold or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or they (halt

agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the fame shall be holden,

for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore

been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said

Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden

for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees Tenant

to such Copyhold or Customary Premife9, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which

the fame shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the Prisoner bad therein at the Time of

his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Custoins, and Services, pay-

able and to be rendered in respeil of the said Copyhold or Customary Premises.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or

Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive

which may be expectant upon, or subjeil unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive hereby

veiled in the said, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or Other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace; but

that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person and Persons, shall remain, continue,

and be saved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not.been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enaited by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall

extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisonir

or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, com-

prised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respeilively 5 nor to prevent any Statute-staple, Statute-merchant,

Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged determined by or obtained against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take

place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Rea! Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any

Inquifnion shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall

have been token out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment, before such

Discharge shall be given ih open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such

Prisoner respeilively shall be subjeil thereto, in the first place, for fojnuch as shall remain due upon such

Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respeilively, in like Manner as such. Mortgagees and

Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an

inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respeilively, if this

Ail

