*93

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 25.

they are hereby im powered to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such

Churchwardens and Overseers so refusing or neglecting, in such Manner as is directed by the Act of Par-

liament, made in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the

more easy offering, collecting and levying of County Rates, with respect to the Nonpayment of the Sums of

Money thereby assessed and made payable by Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor; and the re-

spective High Constables of the said County are hereby required to pay over the said Monies which (halt

be so received by them, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of the fame, unto the Treasurer of the

County of Hertford for the Time being.

4 X. And to the Intent that the yearly Value of all and every the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tene-

4 ments, or Hereditaments, to be charged towards the Payment of the Money to be raised for the Purposes

and by virtue of this Act, may be ascertained,’ be it further enacted, That the yearly Value of the said

Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed

and taken to be the fame as they are mentioned to be in the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the

respective Parishes and Places where the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

are refoeClively lying; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor respeCHvely of each and

every.PariQi and Place in the County of Hertford shall, upon Demand, produce and shew to the said re-

spective High Constables, and also to one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the said County

who shall require the fame, such respective Poor’s Rates; and in case of Neglect or Refusal (b to do,

such Churchwardens and Overseers mall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds; to be levied in the

same Manner as the Monies made payable by this Act from Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor,

in case of Nonpayment of the fame, are to be levied: And in case any of the said Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor, with Intent to lessen the Monies intended to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall,

in any of the Poor’s Rates, fraudulently value their or any other Tenements at a Idler Value than they

have been usually valued at in the respective Poor’s Rates; then, and in such Cafe, every Churchwarden

and Overseer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds; to be

recovered in the Manner^herein-after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several

Parishes and Places in the said County of Hertford shall, for the Monies which shall be raised and col-

lected for the Purposes and in pursuance of this Act, give Receipts to the respective Tenants and Occu-

piers of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, paying the fame, who, upon

producing such Receipts, shall be intitled to deduCt such Monies as have been so paid by them, and speei-

lied in such Receipts, out of the Rent which shall become due to their respective Landlords.

XII. Provided always, That no Parson, Vicar, or Curate, for or in respect to his Parsonage, or Vicarage

House, or of his Tithes or Glebe Lands not being Impropriate, or his or their Tenant or Tenants, shall

be liable to contribute or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, in respect of

such Tithes or Glebe Lands, but the fame are hereby exempted from such Payment; and that in case any

such Parson, Vicar, or Curate.or their respective Tenant or Tenants, shall, for or in respect of any such

Tarfonage or Vicarage House, Tithes or Glebe Lands not being Impropriate, out of the gross Sum which

Hull have been paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor to the High Constable as aforesaid,

happen to have paid any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act; that then, and as often

as such Cafe shall happen, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall, out of the succeeding

Poor’s Rate, repay such lait mentioned Sum or Sums of Money to such Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or such

respective Tenant or Tenants who shall have happened so to have p?.id the Lfame, or shall permit and suffer

every such Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or their respective Tenant or Tenants, to deduCt such Sum and

Sums of Monevoutof such last-mentioned Poor’s Rate.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to charge or make liable any Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate or Impropriate, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, lying or being within the Borough of Saint Albanj with or to the Payment of any Mo-

ney for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. And, in order to ascertain what Proportion of the said Rates shall be raised in any one-Year, be

it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Hertford, or the greater Number of

them, in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled, shall have Power to ascertain and de-

termine the fame by Order of Sessions.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Charges and Expences as shall

have been sustained or expended in or about procuring this present Act of Parliament, shall (in the first

Place) be satisfied and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and

that after such Charges and Expences, and the Charges of ereCting, completing, and ftniihing the said

Gaol and Buildings, and all Debts incurred thereby, and all other Monies to be paid in pursuance of this

Act, shall be fully paid and satisfied, the Surplus of the Monies to be raised and levied by virtue of this-

Ad shall, by Order of the said Justices, assembled in their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, be

paid into the publick Stock of the said County, and be deemed and taken, and shall and may be ap^-

plied and paid, as Part of the common Stock to and for such Uses as the County Stock can or may be

applied.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Charges and Expences of ob-

taining and passing this Act shall not be paid wkhin six Months next after the passing of the fame, the

Treasurer of the said County of Hertford shall, and is hereby required, within one Month after the Ex1-

piration of the said six Months, to pay and defray all such Charges and Expences 5 and the said Justices are

hereby authorised and required to allow the fame in the said Treasurer’s Accounts.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That some Time in the Month of October, in

every Year, a (air and [uft Account shall bp made out of all the Monies received and paid by virtue and

Monies to Be

raised according

to the Poor's

Rate.

Church wardens,-

See, to produce

Poor’s Rates to

High Coaliihle%,

Sec.

In case of Re-

fufal, or pro-

ducing fraudu-

lent Account, ta

forfeit 40I.

Churchwarden*}

Sec. to give Re-

ceipt*.

Eeemptloo oft

the Clergy.

Borough of St;

Alban not liable-

to any Expences.

in virtue of thi*

Act

Justices to if—

certain what

Sum Hull bo:

raised in any

one Year.

How Surplus

Manicure to* be

applied*

in

Treaflifer of tBt:

County to pay

the Expences of

obtaining this

AO, if not paiJj

within fix

Month*.

Account! to be*

made out an*- '

nually^

