56 b

Peifonsinfertetf

in the Lifts beinj

Piifoneis, *ifh-

cat a fraudulent

Imtntioc, ui

Jan. *», 1776,

and conforming

to 1 his Ad, ftuil

be ditUurged.

Pets >ns arrested

fur Dtbr, and

LeId to Bail, on

or before Jan. I,

17*76, lurren-

derirg them*

felvss on or ]>e-

fore June *6,

1776, and con-

forming tothi*

Ad, shall be

distbaiged.

Juttlcr?, on Pe-

tition of any

Prisoner, and his

delivering a

Schedule of his

£(Ute,

may issue their

Warrant for

bringing him to

the Quarter Sef-

siens, Scc*

*ith the War-

tant of his De-

tainer, See.

Schedule of the

Prisoner’s Estate

to betranfrmtted

to the Clerk, of

the Peace,

for Inspedion

of Creditors,

Any J aft ice,

omitting for fen

I)avs to iranfmit

a Copy of the

ScKfdule to the

Ctrrk of the

P<*..ce, Scr. shall

Solicit 10I.

Prisoner* in-

tending to petU

lion for their

Ldfchargf, are

to piv: previoua

Notice tnri:c in

Uic Gaxctte, See.

C rtt-nt* of the

Kthce*

C.3&

Anno decimo fetfto Georgii III. A. D; 1776.

Division; City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison (half be, or to which’ the fame

belong, to fix up, in forne conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the most frequented and

iifual Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prisony three or more true Copies of the List or Lists pro*

posed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General Quarter Sessiona, or

at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be if further enacted* That all and every Person and Persons, whoseNanae or Nantes shall be

inferred in anyffuehLift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said twenty-second Day of January,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, were really and truly Prisoners in the a£lual Custody of any

Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get

his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with

a Viewer Design to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the

Oath herein-after mentioned, and /hall perform, on his or her Part* what is required to bedone by him-or

htr by this Act, shall be forever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in such Manner a*

hereafter is provided.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall have been arrested and in

aflual Custody of an Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any, Writ or Process, issuing

out of any Court of Record, and held to Bail thereon, on or before the first Day of January, one thou*

sand seven hundred and seventy-fu, and who shall, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of June, one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-six, surrender him, her, or themselves, in Discharge of his, her, or their

Bail, and shall thereupon be committed to Prison, every such Person or Persons shall, upon due Proof of

the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from his, her, or their Debts and Imprisonment, in like Maflner as

if such Person or Persons had been actually in Prison on the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-six; subjeef nevertheless to the fame Restrictions and Provisions, and a Com*

pliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein-before imposed upon Person* a<3ually

in Custody on the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and al To-

fu b}e& to the fame Terms and Condition relating to the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner as

aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any, Justice or Justices of the Peace of

any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition

of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within hi* or their respective Ju*-

rifdictions, upon every, such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the Time of his or her so petition*-

ing, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Sche*

diHe, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at

the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment

thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs*

Gaoler of Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Tuftice or Justices*.

to bring before the Justices, at the first or second next General Quarter Session of the reace, or any Ad-

journment thereof to be held, as the Cafe shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days front

the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place* or Li*

berty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrantor Warrants of his

or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they, is or are

charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; which Warrant of every

such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler, or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded,

to obey.

VII. And be it also enabled, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Justice or

Justices, shall, within ten Days after the fame shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices*

with whom the fame shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Olficer acting. as

Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the

fame shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall

require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the fame.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Tuftice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the

Space of ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Divifioo,

City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame shall have been so left, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be (tied for and recovered in any of his Ma-

jesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of

any Person who shall prosecute for the fame; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when re-

covered, go to the Parry who prosecutes for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the

Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition

to bedischarged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three feverat

London Gazettes, previous to such General Quarter Session, and the Adjournment thereof, at which the

said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol it*London, or within the weekly Bills

of Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the weekly Bills of

Mortality, then also in iome Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Divi-

fion, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so ill Custody; containing

the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner

and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their In*

tention to take the Benefit of this Act; and aafentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper, to be

3 the

