214

No Person by

being chosen a

Patrol orWatch-

man to gain a

Settlement$

and no menial

Servant so be

chosen Beadle,

&c.

Pet/oni appoint-

ed to receive the

Kates from the

Collectors, to

pay the Watch-

men, at the Di-

reflora shall ap-

point.

and shall make

up a true Ac-

count of all

Sums received

and paid, fcc.

Vestries, $c€. to

chulc a Commit*

tec annually.

How oftenMeet-

ings are to be

held*

Place of Meet-

ing, and Powen

of the Commit-

tee.

a

Acts, Order?,

See. of the Com-

mittee to be un-

der the Controul

of the Diicflois,

dec.

Supernumerary

Watchmen,

when on Duty,

verted with the

fame Powers as

the other

Watchmen, Sec,

Trustees and

Vcdries to meet

and make Rates

upon Person*

becoming Occu-

piers,

C. go. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III, A.D. 1774.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Person9 who shall be charged

in or pay any Rate or A(TeAment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any of the said former Acts, or of

this Act, or who shall be chosen a Patrol or Watchman, shall be deemed or construed thereby to gain any

Settlement in the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, in and for which such Rate or Afi'elTment was made,

or in or for which he was chosen Patrol or Watchman ; and no Person who shall be a menial or hired Ser-

vant, shall be capable of being chosen a Beadle, Patrol, or Watchman, during the Time of his Continu-

ance in such Service.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons

who shall, in pursuance of this Act, or any of the former Acts, be appointed to receive from the Collector

or Collectors of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made, or to be made, in pursuance of any of

the said former Acts, or of this Act, the Money collected or levied by virtue of such Rate or Rates, Alfelf-

mentor Assessments, shall, from Time to Time, pay over the Monies arising from the same to such Watch-

men, Beadles, or other Persons, at such Time and Times, and in such Proportions, as the Vestrymen,

Directors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor, or Trustees for the said

Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places respectively, or any three, five, seven, or more of them, autho-

rifed to exercise and execute the Powers of this Act, and the said former Acts respectively, as aforesaid,

shall appoint; and shall then, upon the several Days and Times, in and by the said former Acts severally

and respectively for that Purpose limited and appointed, or else on such other Day as the said Vestrymen,

Trustees, Directors, or Governors, shall appoint, make, and yield up, to the said Persons authorised and

impowered, as aforesaid, a true and perfect Account^of all Sums of Money by them received and paid ;

and also pay and deliver into the Hands of such other Person or Persons, whom such three, five, seven, or

more Persons authorised respectively shall appoint to receive the same, as aforesaid, all such Sums of Mo-

ney as shall remain in their or any of their Hands.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestries, Trustees, Di-

rectors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor of each and every of the Pa-

rifhes. Liberty, Precinct, and Places aforesaid, at their several and respective Meetings for appointing the

Number of Watchmen and Beadles, to be employed as aforesaid, or the major Part of such of them as shall

be then met and assembled, shall and may, if they dial! so think fit. nominate and chuse any Number of

them the said Vestrymen, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, or Governors and Directors*

of the Poor, as they respectively shall think fit, not exceeding ten, nor less than five, to be a Committee,

to have Continuance for one Year from thence next ensuing, and no longer; and that the said Vestries,

Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor, may and

shall meet four Times in every Year, or oftener, if they shall fee fit; and that the said Committee shall

meet at the usual Place of Meeting for transacting the publick Business of each and every the said Parishes,

Liberty, Precinct, and Places, within the first Week in every Month, or oftener, if they shall think fir,

and as well the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Di-

rectors of the Poor respectively, or the Majority of them present at every their said Quarterly, or other

Meetings, as the said Committees, or the Majority of them, present at every their said Monthly, or other

Meetings, may and shall, and are hereby impowered to summon or call before them all and every the Con-

stables, Headboroughs, Beadles, Patroles, and other Watchmen, and to examine into their Behaviour re-

specting the Nightly Watch, and reward or cenfurethem accordingly ; and to hear and redress Complaints,

and to give all necessary and occasional Directions, and to fee to the due Payment of the Wages and Al-

lowances to be made and given to such Patroles, and other Watchmen, and to encourage the Attendance

of supernumerary Watchmen, to the End such Supernumeraries (if thereto required) may go upon Duty as

Watchmen instead of such of the more constant Patroles, or other Watchmen, as by Means of Sickness,

or for any other Cause, shall not attend, by making to such supernumerary Watchmen, whether they shall

be so employed or not, such pecuniary Allowances as they respectively shall judge fit and reasonable for

their Attendances.

XXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That all and every the Acts,

Orders, and Directions, of every the said Committees respectively, shall be subjeetto the Controul, Alter-

ation, or Revocation, of the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Witch, and Go-

vernors and Directors of the Poor respectively, at their next or other subsequent Meetings, and shall con-

tinue in Force until such Meetings, and no longer, unless approved of and confirmed by the said Vestries,

Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor respectively,

or the Majority, of them present at their next Meeting, after the making such Acts, Orders, and Direc-

tions.

XXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such supernumerary

Watchman, during all such Times as he shall watch, and be employed and go upon Duty, instead of any

Patrol or other Watchman, shall have like Powers and Authority in all Cafes as are given to any Patroles

or other Watchmen, and shall be subjet and liable to the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to

the like Forfeitures for Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, as the Watchmen and Patroles to be appointed

by any of the said former Acts, or this Act, are hereby subjected and made liable to.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

several Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor

respectively, or so many of them as are, by any of the said former Acts, or this Act, impowered to make

Rates, as aforesaid, to meet together at any intermediate Times in every Year, as Occasion shall require.

Notice of such Meetings being given in the Church or Chapel of the said several Parishes, Liberty, Pre-

cinct, and Places respectively, as before directed, and to make a Rnte or Alleftment upon ail and every

Person or Persons who shall become Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Tenement, Shop, Warehoui-,

Cellar, or other Building, in every of the said Parishes, Liberty, or Pivcinct respectively, after the Ra.e

4 for

C' :>ogIe

