/

The T I T L E S of

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Clare-

brough and IVclbam, in the Parish of Clarebroughy in the

County of Nottingham,

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

• moil Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liber-

ties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester•

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called

Crowcombcy Heath field, and Heddon, and Parcel of Qtian-

tock Hiilsy within the Parish of Croivcombey in the Coun-

ty of Somerset•

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Com-

mon Fields, Woods, and Average Grounds, Ings,

Marlhes, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands

and Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes

of Cawood and WifloWy in the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Land*, and Grounds, within the Lordships and Parish

of South and North Killingholmey in the County of

Lincoln.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, of the

Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms,

Breaches, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-

rish of Coney W’ejlony in the County of Suffolk.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Com-

mon Fields, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, withJin

the Parish of If tony in the County of Monmouth.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common AraUle

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the ManoF of Mikl-

grave% within the Parish of Lythy in the North Riding of

the County of York*

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Coihmon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of

and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley HaJlingSy in

the County of Northampton.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable

Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Manor and Township of Amotherby, in the Parish of

Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County

of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and

Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pasture,

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

IVelby, in the County of Lincoln.

8a. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

Common or Uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Commonable

Land or Ground, within the Manor or Parish of Weft

Horndon^ in the County of Essex.

83. An Act to confirm and establish the Division and In-

closure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screve-

tony in the County of Nottingham ; and also several

Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

84. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Elliot Doctor

in Physic, with Grace Dalrymple his now Wife; and to

enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

85. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Horneck

Esquire, with Sarah Keppel his now Wife ; and to enable

him to marry again ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Williamj

with Ann Lantware his now Wife 5 and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

the STATUTES.

87. An Act to amend an Act, made and passed in the

fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act to enable John Medows the eldery Gentle-

many and his IJJue Maley to take the Surname and Arms of

Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald

Widowy deceajed; and also to enable John MedowSy el-

deft $on of the said John Medows (now John Theobald),

and the Heirs of his Body, to take the said Surname,

and bear the said Arms of Theobald.

88. An Act for naturalizing Henry Lawrence Zinck.

89. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander De Morfter.

90. An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen.

91. An Act for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine Chevalier.

92. An Act for vesting in 1 ruftees the lettled Estate of the

Most Noble Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Ke/leveny in

the County of York, to discharge Incumbrances affect-

ing the fame, and other Part of the said settled Estates;

and for purchasing of Estates, to be settled to the several

Uses therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Free School-house, Dwelling-

house for the Mailer and Ulher, Close, ana other Pre-

mises thereto belonging, in Courtenhally in the County

of Northampton, in Sir JVilHam Wake Baronet, and his

Heirs, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

94. An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Sir Charles Whit-

worthy in the County of Somerset; and for exonerating

the fame, and his Estates in the County of Kenty from

the Portions of his younger Children, provided by his

Marriage Settlement.

95. An Act to enable William Majlerman amd Thomas Fran-

cis9 Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and

Copyhold Estates of Tfomas Nuthall Esquire, deceased.

96. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John

Leigh Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages,

ahd other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable j

I and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Robert Dolman

Efauire, and Robert Dolman the younger, in Pocklington

ana elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to

be fold; and for laying out the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

98. An Act for vesting an Estate in the County of Middle- '

fexy which was settled by Richard Onslow Esquire, de-

ceased, on his Marriage with Poolley Ivaltony in Trustees,

in order that the fame may be conveyed to Matthew

IVinter and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made

by him for the Purchase thereof; and for inverting the

Purchase-money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank

Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles

Vere Dashwood Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles

entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and dur-

ing his Infancy; and for other Pu: poses therein men-

tioned.

ico. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Up-

foldy Gentleman, in the County of Middlesex, and City

of Londony in Trustees, to be sold ; and for purchasing

other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame

Uses.

101. An Act for vesting Two-sixth Parts of the Estates

late of Stanhope Mason Gentleman, deceased, in England

and Irelandy in Trustees, to be sold ; and for pur-

chafing other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof.

102. An Act for vesting several Estates late of Samuel Shep-

heard of Exningy in the County of Suffdky Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, ro he fold; and for purchasing

other Estates, to be conveyed ro the like Uses; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned

103. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and

Common

