120

PakBek Act.

Clause in Act

13 Geo. 3. re-

cited.

and repealed, Co

far at it affcftc

any Toll-jate

particularly spe-

cified by any A ft

of Parliament.

Preamble.

Act 1 Hen. 5.

Act-8 Hen. 6.

‘ Act 10 Hen. 6.

and Act 23

Hen. 6.

so far at relates

to the Residence

of Persons to be

elected Mem-

bers of Parlia-

ment, flee. re-

pealed.

C. 57, 58. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

4 poration, the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of King ft on upon Hully and their Heirs and

Successors, for the Improvement of the fame Town, that they and their Heirs and Successors should have

the Port nigh the said Town, formerly called Sayer Creek, then called Hully for ever annexed to the said

4 Town, ana the Liberties thereof, from Sculcoat’s Goat to the middle Stream of the Humber, so that they

and every of them might build Houses, Quays, and Staitbs, within the same Water, for the Improve-

4 ment, Defence, Preservation, and Increalc, of the said Town / be it therefore enabled. That nothing

in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminidi, change,

or affect, the Rights, Dues, Duties, and Payments, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Authorities, of

the said Mayor and Burgesses, so granted to them as aforesaid, or any other Rights, Dues, Duties, or

Payments, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Authorities, in anywise belonging to them, otherwise

than as the fame are by this Act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

CXII. And be it further enacted and declared determined by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken

and allowed, in all Courts of Judicature within this Kingdom, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and

Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same-

CAP. LVIL

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Sefilon of Parliament, for reducing

into one Act the general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts Persons from the

Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected at Places specified in any Act of Parliament.

c WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled^

4 YV An Act to explain, amendy and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws notv in being for

4 regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposesy) it is

4 provided and enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay Toll at any Toll-gate erected, or to be

4 erected, across or on the Side of any Turnpike Road, or be subject to any Penalty for any Carriage,

4 Horse, or Bead, which shall only cross such Road, and shall not pass above one hundred Yards thereon,

4 except over fomc Bridge erected at a considerable Expence by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road;

4 which Provision, as it takes away or lessens the Tolls of certain Toll-gates erected by the Authority or

Direction of former Acts of Parliament, at certain Places in such Acts specified for that Purpose, isdetri-

4 mental to many Turnpike Roads, and highly injurious to Persons who have lent Money on the Security

4 of such Tolls v May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by/the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said re-

cited Provision shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, so far as the fame affects any Toll-gate directed

or authorised to be set up at any Place particularly specified and mentioned in any Act of Parliament, for

repairing any Highway or Road, passed before the making of the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth ;

and so much of several Acts of the eighth, tenth, and twenty-third Years of King Henry

the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parlia-

ment, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen.

4 \\T HEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the fird Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth,

ordaining and edablidling what Sort of People shall be chofeny and who shall be the Choofers of the

4 Knights and BurgeJJes of the Parliament \ and also an Act in the eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry

the Sixth, ordaining what Sort of Men shall be Choofersy and who shall be chosen Knights of the Parliament ;

and also an Act in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, requiring certain Tlnngs in him who

4 shall be a Chafer of the Knights of Parliament; and also an Act in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of

4 his said Majesty, directing who shall be Knights for the Parliament, the Manner of their Elefliony and the

4 Remedy where one is chosen and another returned: And whereas several Provisions contained in the said Acts

4 have been found, by long Usage, to be unnecessary, and are become obsolete:* In order therefore to

obviate all Doubts that may arise upon the fame, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That the said Act, made in the fird Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Fifth, and

every Part thereof; and so much of the said several Acts, made in the eighth, the tenth, and the twenty-

third Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be

elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen, shall be, and

the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP.

