A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 33, 34. 71

T A. B% do swear (or being one of the People called Quakers, do Tolemnly affirm), That the the following

X Shares of the Capital Stock of the Body Pol itick; called The Governor and Company Ootiu

4 of the Bank of Scotland, now standing in my Name, belong to me, in my own Right, and not in Trull

for any Perlibn or Persons whatsoever.

4 So help me GOD.*

Which Oath shall and may be administered by the Governor, or Deputy Governor, for the preceding

Year, or (in the Abfance of the said Governor, and Deputy Governor,) by any one of the Directors

chen present; and that no Person refusing to take such Oath shall be capable to vote at such General

Meetings of the said Company-: And provided always. That all and every the Proprietors, who cannot Proprietor*,

attend the General Meeting (or the Election of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and shall, who

on that Account, fend Signed Lifts, in Manner above allowed, shall make Oath before one of his Ma-

Jcfty’8 Justices of the Peace of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Chief Magistrate of any City or Borough

within Great Britain or Ireland, where such Person resides for the Time, That the Shares of the Capital

Stock of the Body Politick, called The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, standing then in

his Name, doth belong to him in his own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons whatfo-

ever; which Affidavit, signed by such Person, and certified under the Hand of the Justice of Peace or

Chief Magistrate before whom it is made, shall be cranfmitted to the Governor, Deputy Governor, and

Directors, of the said Bank, along with his or her signed Lift.

XVII. And it is hereby provided and declared. That the said A St of the Scots Parliament, in the Year The A 6k in

one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, shall remain in full Force as to every Particular, excepting in .,695»

16 far as the fame is altered by this Act, and shall operate with regard to the New Stock, in the lame i“ ^orc^excePt

Manner it does upon the Old Stock. toed by this AcU

XVIII. And, lastly, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Pub- PubikkAa,

lick Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, without

(pccially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadows, dinted common Pastures, and other com~

mon and waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln y and for draining;

and improving Part of the said Parish.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England,

trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in

their Warehoofes unfold, on the Fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and’

seventy-four; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for granting, continuing, and better ftcamkltv

feciirine the Duties payable ad valorem upon unrated East India Goods, and for ascertaining the

Values thereof according to which such Duties shall be paid, the Importer or Importers thereof are to

9 give Security, by Bond, for Payment of the said Duties, according to the real Values of the said

4 Goods, to be ascertained according to the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made (except-

4 Coffee), as soon as the said Goods shall be fold; and also for Exposing the said Goods to Sale openly and

4 fairly by Way of Auction, or by Inch of Candle, within the City of London, within the Ti.meof three

Years after the Importation thereof: And whereas the Quantity of Singlo and Bohea Teas imported*

4 by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and which remained in

9 their Warehouses unfold on the fifth y of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, is

4 greater than can be expected to be sold by the said Company, within the Term of three Years so li-

4 mited for that Purpose, to be computed from the respective Times of the Importation of such Teas,

and it is necessary that some further Time should be granted to the said Company to put their said Teas

4 up to Sale:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That for The East India

such of the said Singlo Teas as are at present imported, and which remained unfold on the fifth Day of Company may

April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said United Company may at any Time within

the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof, and for such of the said Bohea o^Handon0

HTeas as are at present imported, ana which remained unfold on the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand April 5,1774*

(even hundred and seventy-four, the said United Company may, at any Time within the Space of four

Yearsj to be computed from the Importation thereof, expose such respective Teas to Sale; and, after

stich Sale or Sales, there shall be allowed the like Discounts on Payments of the respective Duties ori

such Teas, as if the fame had been exposed to Sale within the Term of three Years before mentioned,*

or any other Time heretofore limited by Law; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary, not-

with standing.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the said respective Times Duilngthe

of five Years and four Years, to be computed as aforesaid, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Timr« of fit*

the said Teas as shall be exoorted from this Kingdom as Merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British ^i

Colonies or Plantations in America, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the (We Drawbacks Drawkukilr>

or-

