55*

North and South

Sides cf such

Seyncs.

When the An-

chors of the out-

ermost Seyncs

drive, the Own-

ers of such

Seynes to re-

place the Seyne.

One Anchor to

the Bunt of

every Seyne.

Seyne that it

first moored to

attend the moor-

ing of every

other Seyne*

Penalty for cut-

ting oft* any

Rope belonging

to Seyncs, dec.

Proviso, relating

to Vessels going

into or out of

Harb'jur.

Times for (hoot-

ing ihe S ynes

upon the ftverai

Stems or Sta-

tions.

C. 36.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776V

less than ten sufficient Mooring-anchors put out on the Southern Sleeve or Side of the Southermost Seyne*

net, and no less than ten fufRcient Mooring-anchors on the Northern Side or Sleeve of the Northermost

Seyne-net: and if the said Owner or Owners of the said Southern or Northermost Seynes shall neglect to

moor their respective Seyne-nets with ten sufficient Mooring-anchors as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners

guilty of such Offence shall, upon ConvidUon thereof, by the Oath of one or moie credible Witness or

Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds for every such

Offence

‘ XXV. And whereas, when more than two Seyne-nets are moored together, it may frequently hap-

c pen, by the Violence of the Tide or otherwise, that the Anchors of feme of the outermost of the said-

€ Seyne-nets may drive or start, or the Mooring-ropes belonging or fastened to such Anchors may part or

* break, by Means whereof the Sides of the inner Sevne-net or Nets may be forced too near tc gether, so as

* to endanger the Loss of the Fish enclosed therein;9 be it therefore further enacted, That in all such

Cafes the Owners of such cutermost Seyne-net, whose Anchors shall drive, or Mooring-ropes part, act

aforesaid, shall, upon Notice being; given to any one of such Owners, or to the Hewer of such Seyne or

Matter Seyner thereof, immediately assist and fend one Boat, manned with five Men at the lead, to re-

place the said outermost Seyne in its proper Birth or Station again; and in case of any Neglect or RefufaL

to afford such Assistance as aforesaid, the Owners or Matter Seyner of the inner Seyne-net or Nets, so in-

Danger of losing their Fish as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty to replace such outermost Seyne into its proper

Birth or Situation, and the Owner or Owners of such outermost Seyne neglecting to afford such Assistance*

as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, before such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of one Pound to the Owner

or Owners of the said inner Seyne-net or Nets, for and towards the Expence of replacing the said outermost

Sevne-net as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Bunt or Middle of every Seyne-net in which Fish shall be

irtclosed shall be moored with one sufficient Anchor at the least, when such Seyne shall be haled into her.

proper Birth, and there moored on the Sleeves or Sides as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Seyne-net with Fish inclosed therein shall be

moored within any Cove or Birth, and it shall be necessary to moor any other Seyne-net or Nets in the

said Cove, the Owner or Owners or Hewer of the Seyne so first moored shall send out a Boat, manned'

with four Men at the least, to attend the Mooring of such other Seyne-net or Nets, to fee that the Seyne

first moored shall receive no Damage by the haling in or mooring such other Seyne-net or Nets in the-

said Cove; and in case the Owners of the Seyne first moored shall neglect to send out such Boat, so manned

as aforesaid, the Owners of such other Seyne-net or Nets shall not be answerable for any Damage to be

done, or which shall happen by haling such other Seyne-net or Nets into a proper Birth in the said Cove

and Mooring there.

XXVIII. Apd be it further enacted. That if any Person or Person9 whatsoever shall, either by Day

or Night, wilfully and maliciously cut or cast off, or cause to be cut or cast off, any Warp-rope, Tow-rope,

or Mooring-rope, of or belonging to any Seyne or Thwart-net in the Water, or shall wilfully and mali-

ciously cut, break, or destroy, any such Seyne or Thwart-net in the Water, or shall wilfully and maliciously

cut, cast off, or unbend, any Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, either fastened on Shore, or bent to any

Anchor then used for mooring any Ship or Vcfflel, which shall be lying in the Pier or Harbour of Saint

IveSy for the Purpose of loading Fish, or any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall be lying in the

said Pier or Harbour, or shall wilfully cut, cast off, or unbend, any Hawser or Rope fastened on Shore, or

bent to an Anchor then used for mooring any Boat whatsoever lying within the said Pier or Harbour;

then, and in any of the said Cafes, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be ad-

judged guilty of Felony, and transported to one of his Majesty’s Plantations Abroad, for seven Years, or

shall be committed to Frifon for an* Time not exceeding three Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or

Court before whom such Offender shall be tried ; and any Indictment for such Offence shall ana may be

enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent County, within that Part of Great Britain,

in such Manner and Form as if the Fadts had been therein committed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons on board any Boat, Ship, or Vessel,coming

into or going out of the said Pier or Harbour of Saint Ives, from cutting or catting off any Rope or Cable,

where it will be necessary to be done for the Safety of any such Boat, Ship, or Vend.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That although the Turns or Stems are herein before appointed to be

held from ihe Hour of Twelve in one Night to the like Hour of Twelve in the following Night, yet the

Time of (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of the said fix several Stems or Stations shall commence

and end at and within the several States of High and Low Water, upon the said several Stems or Stations

respectively, herein after particularly mentioned ; that is to say, The Turns or Stems for (hooting the

Seyne-nets within the Limits of Garrick Gladden Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of Half Flood,

and end at the Time of Half Ebb of the Tide upon that Station ; the Turn or Stem for (hooting the

Seyne-nets within the Limits of The Poll Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of a Quarter Flood,

and end at the Time of threa Quarters Ebb of the Tide upon the last mentioned Station; the Turn or

Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of The Leigh Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time

of three Quarters Ebb, and end at the Time of one Quarter Flood of the Tide upon the said last men-

tioned Station ; the Turn or Stem for (booting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Porthminster Stem or

Station, shall begin at the Time of two Hours Flood, and end at the Time of four Hours Ebb of the Tide

upon the said last mentioned Station ; the Stem or Turn for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of

Cam Crowze Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of three Quarters Ebb, and end at the Time of

one Quarter Flood of the Tide upon the find last mentioned Stem or Station; and within the Limits of

Ptdu

^.ooooie

