334

C. 47.

C*r!&Ion to be

valid, and not

removesble by

Certiorari

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered.

Power*, &c. of

the former Act

extended to this

Limitation of

Adiolii

Ceaeral Iffbc#

Treble Cofir.)

Limitation of

Adtonain Scot-

Publick Act.

htanUo

Claude in Ad

so Geo 11. re-

pealed, with it-

sped to Man*

cnciter.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

4 Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the

4 feud River: And he is hereby adjudged to have forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of

4 Given under my [or our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals, as the Cafe shall happen], the Day

and Year above written/

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes9

and shall not be qualhed, fist aiide, or judged void or insufficient, for want of Form only; and shall not

be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty’s Ourt of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and

taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may

be recovered and levied in the same Manner, before the fame Justices or oheriffs-depute respectively, and

within the said Time, and with the fame Power of Appeal, a9 any Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by the

said former A£} can or may be recovered or levied by virtue thereof; and that all the Clauses, Powers,

and Authorities, contained in the said former A ft, mall be deemed and taken to extend and shall extend

to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame weie herein again repeated and re-enacted; and that

nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to set aside or repeal any Penalties

imposed by the said former Ad, for Offences committed against the said former Ad*

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any

Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Great

Britain called England^ the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after

fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action

shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, setting forth the

Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done, or to be done, as aforesaid,

shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise,

and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and

the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special

Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof;

and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the fame Was brought before the Expiration of four-

teen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of fix Ca-

lendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen; or if such Action shall be brought or laid

in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made

to the Party or Parties aggrieved; that then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants therein: And in all Cafes where any Verdict shall be found for any Defendant

or Defendants in such Action; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the fame, after the de-

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall

be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall nave treble

Cons, and have the like Remedies for recovering the fame, as Defendants have for recovering their Costs

In other Cafes by Law.

VIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be brought against any

Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former

Ad, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, unless such Action shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the

Cause of Complaint shall arise; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or

afloilzied from the Action, shall have and be intitled to their full Costs of Suit*

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and

shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, with*

out specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Manchester^ in the

County Palatine of Lancajter.

4 W/HEREAS it may be proper that a Playhouse should be licensed in the Town of Manchester, in

4 W the County Palatine of Lanca/ler y may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That so much of an Act of Parliament, which passed in the tenth Year of his late Ma-

jesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to explain and amendfo much of an made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

Majesty, fee.

nay {rant Let-

ter* Patent for

establishing a

Playhouse in

Maochester.

discharges all Persons from representing any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Pa-

tent from his Majesty, or by Licence from the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s HouseholM for the Time

being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is rending for the Time being,

be, and the fame is hereby repealed with respect to the said Town of Manckejier: And that it shall and

may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre

or Playhouse within the said Town of Manchester \ which Theatre or Playhouse shall be intitled to all the

Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is

intitled and subjected. '

v A 1

