26o

How Penal tie#

and Forfeitures

iray be prose-

cuted and ap-

plied.

Person* sued for

any Thing done

in pursuance of

this AO, may

plead $bc Gene-

ral Issue.

and recover

treble Cofli#

C. 19, 20. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, so counterfeited, erased, altered, 6r falsified, such Person or Persons

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds ; and such Certificate, Cocket, or

Clearance, shall be invalid and of no EfFeft.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties

inflicted by this Act shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided, paid, and ap-

plied, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament

relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are directed to be

prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two several Acts of Parliament, the

one passed in the fourth Year of his'present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the

Britishi Colonies and Plantations in America ; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed

in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better,

securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America ; for applying the Product

of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending,

protefting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations ; for explaining an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year

of the 1 ™ign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and

Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing several

Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods

to and from the said Colonies and Plantations^ and improving and securing the Trade between the fame and Great

Britain ; and the other, passed in the eighth Year of his piefent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the

more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the

Trade or Revenues of the Britishi Colonies and Plantations in America

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in purfuaiKe of this Act of Parliament, the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the said Act, and

the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pur-

fuance of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to hav? been done, the Jury shall find

for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff shall oe nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after

the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or

Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Cpfts, and have the like

Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Excheauer,

or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Bar-

low, Herbert Lloyd, andWilliam Skyrme, a Debt due to his Majesty from William Williams, deceased.

CAP- XX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts, passed in die sixth and tenth Tears

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the

River Trent, at or near Wildcn-Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at

or near Runcorn-Gap.

Preamble.

AO 6 Geo. III.

recited.

AO 10 Geo. 111.

Mated.

* *1 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 VV An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry, in

4 the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap, certain Persons therein mentioned

4 and described were united into one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Pro-

4 prietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, with Power and Authority, at their own Costs

4 and Charges, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, such

4 Navigable Cut or Canal paiTable for Boats, Barges, and other Veflfcls ; and were enabled to raise and

4 contribute amongst themselves the Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, in Manner therein

4 mentioned, with Power, if that Sum was not sufficient, by the fame Means to raise, for the Purposes

4 aforesaid, a further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds; and the said Company are thereby required, out

4 of the Monies to be raised as aforesaid, during the Time the said Cut or Canal (bould be carrying on,

4 and until the fame should be completed, to pay unto every Person who (bould subscribe and pay,the oum

4 of two hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums of Money as should be demanded in respect thereof,

4 towards carrying on and completing the said Navigation, Interest for the fame, after, the Rate of five

4 Pounds for every hundred Pounds for one Year, from the Time that each of such Sun* or Sums should

4 be so respectively advanced, as aforesaid: And whereas the said Company did, in pursuance of' the said

4 Act, raise and contribute amonjeft themselves, by several Subscriptions, the Sum of one hundred and,

4 thirty thousand Pounds, for the rurposes of making and carrying on the said Navigation : And whereas,

« by a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Alajefly, for making

4 a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry, in the County of Deft>y, to

4 the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose\ the said

4 Company were enabled to raise and contribute amongst tht mselves, or by the Admission of new Sub-

4 ferihers to the said Undertaking, any such Sum or Sums of Money as should be further wanted, beyond.

4 the said Sum of on? hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, for perfecting the said Wojk$, no$ .exceeding

- 4 the

