A.D. 1774.

Anno decimo qoarto Georgii III. C. 56. 117

&c.

Not to extend to

thepockMaster.

Regulations in

keeping Fires,

&c. on board of

Ships,

Bell to be rung

when Fires are

to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar

Month.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wood or Timber, which Timber not to

{hall be delivered in the Haven of Hully or in the said Bason or Dock, shall be permitted to lie or remain be left in the

therein for a longer Titrie than forty-eight Hours after the Delivery thereof; and in case the fame shall not JJen*”?*Hour*

be removed before the Expiration of that Time, the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for every such *“ 4 our,#

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

4 XC. And whereas Accidents frequently happen to Ships and Vessels, by Lightermen, Ballastmen, No Ballast to be

and others, digging or railing Ballast, from a Place called The Dolphin Point and a Place called The South

End, opposite to the said Point,* be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- lf, Vsouth°EnL

son or Persons to take, or cause to be taken, any Ballast from the said Places, without Leave first obtained without Leave

for that Purpose, in Writing, from the Mayor of the said Town, or his known Agent appointed for that of the Mayor.

Purpose, nor receive more Money for such Ballast from the Master or Matters of Ships or Vessels to whom

the fame {hall be delivered, than shall be fixed and ascertained by the said Mayor, by Writing under his

Hand, under the Penalty of forfeiting, for every Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any rerfon or Persons what- Penalty on ent-

soever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy, any Rope or other Thing, by ting of

which any Ship or Vessel, lying in the said Haven, or in the said Dock or Bason, shall be moored or fatten-

ed, such Person or Persons shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Shillings.

XCII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the Dock and Haven

Master, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his Aftistants, from exercising, in a due and reason-

able Manner, any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in them.

4 XCIII. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Haven, Dock, or Bason,’ be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any

Fire, Candle, or Lamp, lighted (except in the Manner herein-after for that Purpose mentioned) on board

any Ship or Vessel within the said Haven, Dock, or Bason (the Vessels employed as Ferry Boats only ex-

cepted ), at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth

Day of Marco, in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the

Morning, nor at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-

ninth Day of September, in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five

in the Morning, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

4 XCIV. And, the better to make Known the several Times when Fires and Candles shall be extin-

4 guished, as before directed,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Evening and

Morning, at the Hours herein for the above Purposes appointed, a large Bell, to be provided by the said ^eexun*ui

Commissioners, shall be rung for the Space of ten Minutes at the least, in the said Haven or Dock, or

feme of them, or in some Place contiguous thereto.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, 51* Penalty oa

Oil, or other combustible Thing, shall, at any Time hereafter, be boiled or heated on board any Ship or pj[ch”\c! oa

Vessel in the said Haven, or Dock or Bason, or in any Boat, except in a Boat lying alongside of (ome Ship boardl

or Vessel, nor within twenty Feet of the Quays, Staiths, or Warehouses, adjoining to the Weft Side of

the said Haven (Carpenters Yards only excepted); nor shall any Gunpowder, exceeding the Quantity of

six Pounds, be (offered to be or remain on board any Ship or Vessel, for any longer Time than twenty-four

Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in the said Haven, or Dock or Bason, upon Pain that every

Master, Commander, or Owner of every Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of five

Pounds.

XCVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any Ship or Vessel, in

which any Gunpowder above the Quantity of six Pounds shall happen to be, shall arrive in the said Haven,

Bason, or Dock, on a Sunday% or any Customhouse Holiday, it shall be lawful for the Master or Commander

of any such Ship or Vessel to land the fame without a Sufferance or Leave from the Officers of his Majesty’s ..., ..

Customs of Hull for so doing, provided the fame be done in the Presence of a Tide Surveyor or Coast- Vrflei /hail ar-

Waiter. rive on a Son-

4 XCVII. And, for the Security and Preservation of the Bason or Dock, or other Works belonging to ^ Ships to

the fame,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Ship or Vessel shall enter or cntCrthe Dock*

pass into the said Bason or Dock, such Ship or Vessel shall have her Sails taken down, so that (he may not under Sail,

enter under Sail, upon Pain that every Master, Commander, or Pilot, taking the Care of every such Ship

or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel that shall be 0ld Sh>P5

laid up as unfit for further Sea Service shall he permitted to be or remain in the said Bason or. Dock, to £ incumber the

incumber the fame, for above the Space of six Calendar Months in the Whole; and that, during all such aonor 04

Time, the Owner or Owners, Master or Commander, FaCtor or Agent, of or for such Ship 6r Vessel,

shall keep the fame constantly and sufficiently moored, to prevent Damage to any other Ship or Vciielj

and that, in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said Dock and Haven Master, his Deputy and

Assistants, and every of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, so incapable or unserviceable, which shall lie in

the said Bason or Dock for above the Space of six Calendar Months, or that shall be found loose and un-

moored in the fame, to be removed out of the said Bason or Dock, and to lay and moor such Ship or Vessel

on any Part of the Strand or Shore of the River Humber, within High-water Mark, and as near the said

Town of King/ton upon Hull, as conveniently may be: And that, upon Demand of Payment being made Expenceofrao*

by such Dock and Haven Master, his Deputy or Assistants, or any of them, from the Owner or Owners, inK°,d sjl, P#

Matter, Commander, or Agents, of or for such Ship or Vessel, of the Charges of removing and mooring

such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid (such Charges and Expences being first examined and allowed by the said J

3 Commissioners,

Gun powder may

be landed with-

out Leave of the

Officer* of Cuf-

toms, when the

