434

If Claimanti re-

sute such Secu-

re

Prize to be de-

livered to the

Capton.

Books* Papers,

Sec, found in any

Prize, to be

brought into the

Admiralty

Court, Sec,

All Captures

brought into any

of his MsjeOy'i

Dominionijn A-

merica, to be

under the Care

of the Collett or.

See.

Proviso.

Any Judge, or

Other Officer,

negletting his

Duty,

to forfeit 500).

No Register, Sec,

in any Court of

Admiralty, Shall

att as Advocate,

Sc c.

on Penalty of

forfeiting his

Office.

Fees to he taken

by the Officers

in Courts of

Vkc-admiralty.

Parties difTa'if-

fed, may ai peal

to Commiihon-

er?, within 14

Days after Sen-

tence.

C. 5^ Anno decirno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Judges shall make an interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the fame to such Claimant or Claim-

ants, or his or their Agents, and the fame shall be actually released or delivered accordingly.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimant or Claimants

{hall refuse to give such Security, the Judge or Judges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner to

give good and sufficient Security to piy the said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof according to

the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize; and the

said Judge or Judges shall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory Order for the releasing and deliver-

ing the fame to the said Captor or Captors, or their Agents.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books, Papers, and Writings,

found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall, without Delay, upon the Oath of the Captor, be

brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against

in order to Condemnation; but that such only of the said Books, Papers, and Writings, shall be made

use of and Mandated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors or

Claimants, or. in case of no Claim, by the Captor or Register, to be necessary for ascertaining the Pro-

perty of such Ship or Vessel, and the Cargo thereof, and the Destination of the Voyage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which

shall be brought into any of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, in order to be proceeded against to Con-

demnation in any of his Vice-admiralty Courts, shall, without breaking Bulk, stay there, and be under

the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or, where there is no

Comptroller, of the Naval Officers of the Port or Place where the fame shall be brought, and all the Cap-

tors thereof, and their Agents, subject to the Directions of the Court of Vice-admiralty, until either the

fame shall, by final Sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as

lawful Prize, or that such interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or de-

livering of the fame unto such Person or Persons, and to be so divided and disposed of, as his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, shall, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be iflfued for those Purposes,

order and direct.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Captures

which shall be taken by virtue of this A&, shall be carried into any of the Colonies or Plantations in

America herein before particularly mentioned, during and so long Time as such Colonies or Plantations

respectively shall continue in a State of Rebellion.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other Officer

or Officers, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Dominions abroad, to whom respectively it shall apper-

tain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the several Proceedings, Matters,

or Things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering, of any such

Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited, or as soon as the fame

ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, all and every such Judge and

Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred

Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with

full Cods of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts in any of his Colonies or Dominions wherein such Offence shall be committed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Register or Deputy Register, nor

any Marshal or Deputy.Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty or Vice-

admiralty whatsoever, shall, cither directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or

Agents, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, act or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advocate

or Prodlor, in any Cause, Matter, or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or

Courts of Admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, shall then

belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of

such Offence (being thereof lawfully convidhd, either upon an Information or Indictment), shall from

thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Register, Deputy Register, Marlhai,

or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the fame Court.

XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among

all the Judges and Officers of any Court of Vice-admiralty in any of his Majesty’s Dominions, for, to-

wards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid, as lawful Prize, above

the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Piize Ship or Vessel be under the Burthen of one hundred Tons, nor

above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the fame be of that or any greater Burthen; and that, upon Pay-

ment of either of the said lespective Sums, as the Cafe shall require, to the said Judge or Judges, or any

of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fir, among the Officers of

such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every of the several

Penalties hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and respective Duties

or Offices in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, within the respective Times herein for that

Purpose limited.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Court

of Vice-admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties

thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said Court of Vice-admiralty to Commissioners appointed, or to be

appointed, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining Appeals in

causes of Prizes, so as the fame be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be like-

wife given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and

answer the Condemnation, and also pay Treble Costs, as shall be awarded in case the Sentence of such

Court of Vice-admiralty be affirmed; provided that the said Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants,

do,

