A.D. 1776, Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 24; 471

Parties making the same deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of apy Defect or Want of Form

in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or ptber Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the

Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trpfpafler or Trespassers qb initio, on account of any Irregularity,

which shall be afterwards done by the Party pr Parties distraining 5 but the Per (of or Per fens. aggrieved byv

such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special pamajje in an Acton upon The Cafe; '

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, Tha^t no Plaintiffpr Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action* Plaintiff not to

or Actions for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends in all have been piade t9hirn,her,ortbe(T), «rc v.r f Ten-

by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such, ’brought* \ “ v~ j|cr Amend*

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any AC(ion or Suie'()bal( comtpencedf ajgaiijft any ^erfon m#d!*

-or Persons for any Matter or Thing done ip purfijance of this A<$, every* such Action or Suit shall be aSom00 of

commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of ACUph shall arise, aq4 foall he laid and

brought in the County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the pefe^ ^Pel^odanti hr fi^h

or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and gives this AAV ¥*Athe Special M^tfer in Fyidqnce a^t any- General Issue#

Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter in questippwas, done VP by Authority

^of this A&; and if it (nail appear to have beep fp or* if hf S^it (nail be broughf jsjixer the

Time herein before limited in that Behalf, pr shall be bought in puy,oth|erCounty or. Place chap as ajore-

said, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant pr Defendants; a^d ,qpon such y erdid, or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinye his, her, or their A^on or Suit after the ppfen$an$ fibril

fiave appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be givep agaipft t^e Plaintiff or Plaipuffs, the De-

fendant or Defendants shall and tpay recover Treble Cpfts^of Suit, ujpop ^a3e/or perti^pate of Treble Cofti.

the Judge or Judges before whom such Cause shall I# tried* of all or any, of thp CifcmnftapqqV before,

mentioned, as the Cafe may happen, and shall have the Iikp jBLen^eJy for reqoypring tf)c lamp as any^

Defendant or Defendants hath Or have in other Cafes by TaVr

XLIIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That noAdkiop or <$ujtt (ba}J be commenced against apy^ NoAction&all

Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of- this Act, until Notice thereof In Writing be brought till

shall have been delivered to him or them, or left a* his or their Pfece or places of Abode, by the Party ■fter

intending to commence such Action, or his Attorney or Agent, one Calendar fylbnth'at the leafs, before Month«Notice,

such AChon brought; in which Notice the Cause of such Adiop shall be clearly expressed, and on the

Back thereof shall be ind/orfed the Name, of the Plaintiff, his 'Attorney or Agent; and that no Plaintiff

shall recover in any such Cafe, unless it be proved upon the Trial that such I^otice was given as aicre-

iaid; but in Default thereof, a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, together with the

like Costs of Suit as though the VerdiCi had been given upon the Merits.

XLIV. And be it further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts- Public Act.

txf Judicature.within this Kingdom as a Public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to

take Notice thereof judicially as finch, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for veiling certain Estates, now held in Trust for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital

for 5eamen at Greenwich, ip thp Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incor-

porated by his Majesty’s Letters Patent. 1

c *\WHEREAS their late Majesties King JViUiam and’Queen Mary% by Letters Patent under the Pfcaml,!^

yV Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the twenty-fifth Day of Ofiober which was in the Recital of Ler-

4 Sixth Year of their Reign, did give and grant unto Sir John Somers Knight, then Keeper of the Great !?' p!^n.|.cf

4 Seal, and sundry other Persons therein named, a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, with a capital andn(Wc,um

Messuage erected thereon, situate and being within the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent% Mary/dated

in the said Letters Patent particularly mentioned and described, to hold to the said Sir John Somers and Oft. 25, in the

the other Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to be holden of the Crown as of its Manor of Sixth Year of

4 East Greenwich in free and common Soccage by Fealty only and without Rent, to the Intent that the their.Re'8n,

4 Premises should be converted into an Hospital for the Relief of Seamen of the Royal Navy incapable. j^h^Somcrtr

to maintain themselves, their Widows and Children, and for the Encouragement of Seamen and Im- and other*,

€ provement of Navigation; and that so soon as the Buildings should be finished, and the Crown should Piece of Ground,

4 establish a Corporation for the Government of the said Hospital, the said Grantees, and the Survivors of &c-in Ea^

4 them, his or their Heirs and Assigns, should, by Appointment of the Crown, convey the Premises unto Giccnwich>

4 such Corporation: And whereas their late Majesties Queen Anne, King George the First, and King

George the Second, and his present Majesty, did severally grant unto certain Persons feve ral Comm il^

4 Cons, enabling them to prosecute and complete the Building of the said Hospital, and did also grant fe-v

4 veral Poyyers for the.Managemenf thereof; but no Corporation for the Purpose aforesaid was establi(he4

4 until the Sijcth Day of December now last part: And whereas the several Grantees named in the said

4 Letters Patent have long fipce departed this Life, and it cannot be discovered at this Distance of Time

4 who was the Survivor of the said Grantees, or in whom the legal Estate of and in the said Piece or Par-

4 cel of Ground and Capital Messuage, in the said Letters Patent mentioned and described, is now veiled 1

4 And whereas, in Prosecution of the Scheme for building the said Hospital, and providing suitable Ac-

4 commodatjons thereto, it became necessary to purchase sundry Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and.

4 Hereditaments, adjoining to the before mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground and Capital Messuage; and

c; such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, no Corporation being then established, were

4 conveyed at divers Times to sundry Persons, who were then Commissioners or Governors of the

4. said Hospital, for the Use thereof, determined by Means whereof the legal Estates of apd in such purchased

4 Premises became and are now veiled in many Persons, feme of whom are wholly unconnected

Vol. XII ...... 3 P ...... « with

