A. D. 1776. Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. C. 44, 45. 583

the fame ;*and in case of Non-payment, shall be levied by Distrcft and Sale of theOffender’s Goods and

Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices ; and the Overpliis of the Money raised,

after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the Diihefs and Sale, fltaU be rendered to the Owner;

and for want of diffident Drftrefs, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County,

Riding, Divifioii, City, Borough, Town, or Place, for such Term, not exceeding six Months, as such

Justices shall think most proper.

- XXL And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persont prose-

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Iffuc, *u£d under th5*

and give this Act, or the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame the GMMalif-

was done by the Authority of this Act} and if a Verdict (nail pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or fuc.

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after

Mucjoined $ or if on Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants shall recoverTreble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any TrtblcCofls.

Defendants have by Law in other Cafes; and though a Verdict shall be given to any Plaintiff in any such

Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge,

before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

. XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against Limitation of

the Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County Asians,

or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within six Months after the Fad com-

mitted, and not otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall continue to be in Force for two Years, and also Continuance of

to the End of the then Session; or if the said Term of two Years shall not determine during any Session,

then till the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for fafpending, for t limited Time, so much of an A d, made in the thirteenth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to explain, amende and reduce into

one AS of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for relating the Turnpike Roods in

that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, as is to subject Carriages

• having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of 1e(s Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches, to the

Payment of Double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts for leafing ToUs.

* enacted,"That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September*one thousand (even hundred and

" seventy-six, a Double Toll shall be paid for the Passage through Turnpike-gates, of all Carriages having

• the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches from Side to Side; And

€ whereas great Inconveniences would arise if the said Provision (hotild take Eflfed on the said twenty-ninth

4 Day of September ;9 may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 1 and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T<

Preurilt,

AA 13Oce.ro,

ing s most excellent Majesty, by

poriJ, and Commons, in this jpresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the feme. That

Ho much of the said Act as cnads that the Trustees appointed by virtue or under the Authority of any Ad

of Parliament made for repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, or such Person or Persons as are authorised

by thumb jjhsllnnd may and arc thereby required to demand and take for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or

Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereoflof less Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches from Side to

Ntdthfiia

rectos A & to-

ft oM to cere

Yen.

Side, at the haft, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the feme,

from and after the twentyi-ijinth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six. Double the

Tolls or Duties yhich are or shall be payable for the feme respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament

made for amending or repairing Turnpike Roads, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage

respectively, shall JbcjKrpailfed to pass through any Turtipike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, where Toils

shall be payable byvirtue of any such Acts, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, suspended until

the twenty-ninth Day of $tptejnber one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be

lawful for such Trustees, apd they are hereby required to release all Lessees of Tolls within th$ir refoedive

Jurisdictions, from their rdpedive Coptrads, at the End of the current Year, if such Lessees shall desire

the fame.

CAP. XLV.

Ldtof of ToU«

may be raleafcS

from tfcetr Cop*

traltf attbcgftS

of the current

Year.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes

therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

• \1/E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament Preamble.

* V V assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty *s most gracious Mef-

4 sage, signifying that your Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of your faithful Com-

4 mens, and, considering that, during the present Troubles in North America, Emergencies may arise

V ol. XU. 4 F 4 which

