A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 14,15. 43

CAP. XIV.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Ma*

jetty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament;

the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Bri-

tain called England, and for other Purposes\ which regulates the Width of the Wheels,

and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed and for indemnifying Persons who

have offended against the said Clause.

c 1X7 HEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of his present

4 W Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amendy and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the

4 general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England,

and for other Purposes\ it is enacted, That no Carriage, liable to be weighed by virtue of the said Act,

shall pass along any Turnpike Road, being above Twenty Miles from.the Cities of London or West-

4 minster, unless the lame shall be m^de and constructed in such Manner that no Pair of the Wheels

c thereof shall be wider than four Feet fix Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground

4 (except Wheels having the Soles of the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches, which shall be

c 10 constructed as to roll a Surface of sixteen Inches, and that the wider Pair of such Wheels shall not

4 be more than five Feet eight Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground); and that the

Distance from the Centre of the Fore Wheel to the Centre of the Hind Wheel of any Waggon or four-

4 wheeled Carriage, not being used for the Carriage of Timber only, be not above nine Feet, to be measured

4 from the Centre of the Axle-trees at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner ort Owners of every such

4 Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence; and that the Surveyor

or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, of any Turnpike Road, is and are thereby authorised and re»

4 quired, at any Turnpike or Toil-gate, or at any other Place upon the Turnpike Road, to measure every such

c Waggon, Wain, or Cart; and if any Mailer* or Driver of any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall hinder*

c or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, to measure such Wag-

4 eon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of five rounds; and that it shall not

4 be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass

4 along any Turnpike Road: And whereas the Provisions in the said Clause contained have been found

4 very inconvenient;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause shall be, and is hereby declared to

be, repealed. ^

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person arid Persons who

bath or have offended, or been guilty of any Onufiion, touching the Execution of the said Clause, shall

be, and is and are hereby indemnified against any Penalty or Forfeiture for the fame; and that all per-

fonal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, which

have been, or shall be, prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any

such Offence or Omiilion, shall be, and are hereby made, void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XV.

Preamble.

Clause in A*

13 Geo. 3.

repealed.

Persons guilty

of Omissiona

touching the

Execution of th*

said Clause, art

indemnified ;

and personal

A & ion 1 for such

Offence, nud«

void.

An Act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted EJeftions, or Re-

turns of Members to serve in Parliament.

\X7 HEREAS an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Preamble.

Ail to regulate the Trials of controverted EleHions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, Ad 10 Geo. J.-

4 which Act was made to continue for a limited Time only: And whereas another Act, passed in the

4 eleventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in and Ad n

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re- Geo. 3.

4 turns of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Acts are well

4 adapted to procure to the Commons of this Realm a free and impartial Trial of controverted Elections

4 of Members to serve in Parliament, and have been found, by Experience, to be practicable and bene-

4 ficialMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited made perpetual

Acts, passed in the tenth and Eleventh Years of his present Majesty, shall be, and are hereby made* b;*o.

perpetual.

C I

CAP.

