A.D. 1774. Antio decimo quarto Georgii III, C. 68- iay

'With the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this' present Par*

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the third Year of the Reign*

of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty for carrying Rice from his Maieflfs Province of Act j

Carolina in America, directly to arty Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Snips built in and'

belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law* which was to be in Force for five Years, from

the twenty-ninth Day of September* one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said Act frGeo.*,

late Majesty, to continue the said Act from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of Sep~

tember, one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session*

of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia in America; which said

Acts, by several subseauent Acts made in the fifteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-

third Years of his said late Majest/s Reign, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,.

were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September* one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day further coat*—

of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next nued

Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enactedI by the Authority aforefard, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting, for a limited' Time* a Liberty to carry Rice AftfOw. J»

from his Majesty's Provinces ofSouth Carolina Georgia, direfily to any Part of America to the South-

ward of tf)ejaid Provinces* subject to the like Duty as is now Pfid on the Exportation of Rice from the said

Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, which was to continue in Force foe , . t

five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven* hundred and sixty-four, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a ClaufomanAd, passed in* the fifth, and & Clause fe

Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, which gave Liberty to export Rice from North Carolina* in the fame Aa 50*0.1*

Manner, and under the like Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penal-

ties, and Forfeitures, as were enacted by the said Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty'*

Reign, with respect to carrying Rice to South Carolina and Georgia*which have Continuance until the

twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-Four, and from thence to the End.

of the then next Session of Parliament, fbalLbe, ant) the fame are hereby further continued, from the farther c*otf-

Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of onb'thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,.and nued dll J«at*

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ; H» 1781*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,‘That an Act, made in rife tenth Year of AftioGM. 3*

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending tiki Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from

East and Weft Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of

Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, which was to continue irv Force from the first Day of August* one

thousand seven hundred and seventy, uptil the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-four, and frbm thebce to'the'End' of the then* next Semon of 'Parliament 5 and which Ad

was amended by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, shall be, and'the

fame are hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September* further eon*.

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of nued riUSepw*

Parliament. '

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act ta prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops*

f 1WHEREAS divers Frauds are practised in the packing or bagging of Hops;' for Remedy whereof^ P»«»mbto*

VV may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be It enacted by the King’s most Exp-

edient Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

passing of this Act, when any Officer of Excise shall attend for the Purpose of bagging any Hops pur- HepvonPaul—

tuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (intituled, AH ty of 51, for

Act for laying a Duty on Hops)* such Officer shall, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect the Sum of every NcgieO;

five rounds, weigh the Bags or Pockets intended by the Planters, Growers* or Owners of the Hops tef

be used for the bagging thereof; and shall, before the Hops &all be put therein, mark, or cause to bd m* (kail, before*

marked, on the Outside of each such Bfcg or Pocket, in plain and legible Letters or Characters, witlf Hop* be put

Ink or Paint, the true Weight dr Tare thereof; and that the Excise Officer shall also mark, or cause to be

marked, on each such Bag or Pocket, in Manner aforesaid, the Planter or Planters Name or Names, in the Weight

full Length, and the Place of his or their Abode, together with the Date of the Year in which such Hops thereof} th*

were grown: And if any Excise Officer shall put his Mark of the Weight of the Hops upon any Bag, Planter»Nam«j,

before such Bag, and Hops therein contained, shall have been weighed by him, he shall, for each Offence, *nd when such->

forfeit the Sumof forty Shillings. . . . ZZT*

II. And it is hereby declared. That the Marks of the Excise Officer, hereby directed to be made, officers Mark*

BiAll be Proof sufficient that the Planter, Grower, or Owner of Hops, has conformed to the Directions to be sufficicut.

of this Act. Proof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for pen«’tiefl to be

Offences against this Act, shall, upon Information and Proof of the Offences respectively, before any kviei by Distref*

one Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be discovered, or wherein the *nd S*i*of °f-

Officnder shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party, or Parties offending, or by the Oath of Cood*

6 one

e

