478

All Penalties,

* Gifts, dec. given

• to or veiled in

any Persons for

»the Benefit of

the Hospital.

•ihall, a iter May

I, 1776, be

veiled in the

Coromiflianefj,

* c.

>Pro»ifo.

This A& not

to invalidate

Leases, dec.

Part of an A&

33 Geo. II. xe-

pcakd.

'Public Act,

Preamble,

Commissionert

appointed.

G. -2-5, *216. Anno decimo sexto Georgii Ifl. A. D. 1776.

4 have been prescribed by such Statutes for the Recovery of such Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties,

4 and other Benefits; and Inconveniencies have arisen in pursuing such Modes for the Recovery thereof;'

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of Mav one thousand

seven hundred and seventyrfix, all and every Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits,

given, granted, settled upon, or vested in, any Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for, or for the

Use or Benefit of, the said Hospital, or given, granted, or appropriated to the said Hospital, shall be deemed

to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, veiled in, and appropriated to, the Commis-

sioners and* Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent> their Suc-

ceiTors and Assigns, for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital; and that all such Suits as shall or

< may be necessary to be brought for the Recovery of any such Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, or

• other Benefits as aforesaid, or any Parts of them, or either of them, shall and may be brought, com-

•menced, and prosecuted, by and in the Name of The Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for

Seamen Greenwich in the County of Kent, in such and the lame Manner as if such Penalties, Forfeitures,

Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits as aforesaid, had accrued to the said CommiAsoners and Governors of

the said Hospital in their Corporate Capacity; any Law, Statute, Ufiigc, or Custom, to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

‘VII.: Provided always. That all and every the Suits, Bills, Plaints, Informations, or Actions, which

are now expending in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, shall and may be prosecuted and carried on

in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

VIIL Provided also. That all and every Lease and Demise of all or any the Lands, Tenements, Mines,

and Hereditaments, of or belonging to the said Royal Hospital, shall and may be, and are hereby deemed

to be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, in such and the fume Manner as if this Act had not

been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of May one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, so much and such Part of an Act, made and passed in the thirty-

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kina George the Second, intituled. An Act for the more eff'eftual

feeuring the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital,

by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for the En-

44 couragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Nay,,” as relates

to the Manner of levying and recovering Penalties and Forfeitures, and Parts of Penalties and Forfeitures,

given or granted to or for the Benefit of the said Hospital, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

-X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be, and the fame is hereby

declared to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Paflfages and Places, within the

Borough of Boston, in *hie County of Lincoln; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances,

and Obstructions therein*

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for lighting and watching thp Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County

of Surrey, and certain Roada therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a ;

Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman street in the Borough of Southwark.

4 ¥WHEREAS the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, within the Parishes of Camberwell and Lam-

4 y V bttb, in the County of Surrey, arc large and populous, and daily increasing in Houses and Inha-

4 bitants, and are not properly lighted and watened; and it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants

4 thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Villages, and certain Roads herein after deiferibed

4 (being within the said Parishes), were properly lighted and watched ; and if a Foot Patrole was employed

4 in the Night-time on the Road or Path which leads from the said Village of Peckham, over certain Fields,

4 called The North Fields, to Blackman-street in the Borough of Southwark: And whereas the Inhabitants

4 and Owners of Houses within the said Villages, and on or near the Sides of the several Roads herein

4 after described, are willing and desirous that a Rate should be raised upon themselves for the several Pur-

4 poses aforesaid; but the lame cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present^Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That Sir Joseph Mawhey Baronet, Jaynes Scatuen,

Claud Champion Crefpigny DoAor of Laws, William Shard, Thomas Jephfon, Isaac Heaton, Thomas Hog he,

John Baker, Robert S err ell, George Jeffrey, Henry Hilton, John Fajfett, James Woodbridge, Henry Revely,

Thomas Frafer, Robert Shank, Thomas Nash, Henry Maundy, Samuel Mason, Thomas Smith, Richard Hen-

JhaWy Robert Franklin, Francis Hahn, Charles Bartrum, James Mill, the Reverend Richard Jones, Joseph

Sill, Miles Stringer, Philip King, John Wells, Henry King, George Brucker, the Reverend Kichard Dodd,

. William OJbom, Nicholas Nixon, Edward Clark, Jpfiab Monnery, Thomas Preston, Richard Laurence, John

Mason, John Wright, William Tanner, Edward Shewell, John Castle, Samuel Goodman, Ono Titchimr, Ed-

ward Gardner, Oswald Strong, John Daniels, Samuel Payne, Henry Fergujfon, and the Vicar of the Parish

of Camberwell for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for puttiqg this Act

m Execution.

II. And

