A, D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii Ilf.

C. 31.

3°5

proportion; and every Ship which shall be so employed in the said Fiftiery shall have on Board an Ap-

prentice, indentured for the Space of three Years at the leatt, for every fifty Tons Burthen, who shall be

accounted as one of the Number of Men required to be on Board such Ship as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Ship to the

Port to which the Matter and Mate declared on Oath their Intention to return, the proper Officers of the

Customs at such Port shall immediately repair on Board, and view the Condition of such Ship and her Lad-

ing, and certify the fame, together with their Observations thereon, as alfoof the real Tonnage of the said

Ship} and the said Officers are alfototake an Account or Schedule of the Names of the Matter, Mate, and

other Persons on Board, distinguishing therein the Harpooners and Persons more immediately employed in

the said Fiftiery, and to certify the fame ; and the Matter and Mate shall make Oath before the Collector

and Comptroller (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the fame), on the Back of, or

annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they

did in pursuance thereof, mentioning the Day of their Departure, proceed on a Voyage directly to the

Places aforesaid, and have not since been on any othfcr Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of

Profit; and that they did there (mentioning the Time of their Stay in those Seas) use the utmost Endea-

your of themselves and their Ship’s Company to Take Whales, and other Creatures living in those Seas;

and that all the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, imported (if any) in such Ship, was really and bona fide

caught and taken inlhe said Seas by the Crew of such Ship only, or with the Attiftance of the Crew of

some other Ship duly licensed for that Voyage, pursuant to the Dire<flions of this Aitt ; all which Schedule,

Certificate, Licence, and Oath, shall be transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port to the

respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain where such Ships shall arrive;

and such Commissioners being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Matter and other Persons em-

ployed in such Ships with respect to such Voyage and Fiftiery, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be

made to the Matter or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver General of the Customs for

that Part of Great Britain where such Ship shall arrive, the Bounty or Premium following, according to

the Admeasurement of such Ship, duly certified as aforesaid ; (that is to say,) For every such Ship as mail

proceed on the said Fiftiery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-five, to the twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Sum of

forty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fiftiery, from the twenty-

fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to the twenty-fifth Day of December

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of thirty Shillings per Ton ; and for every such Ship

as shall proceed on the said Fiftiery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Sum

of twenty Shillings per Ton.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person

or Persons -shall be allowed or intitled to receive the Bounty herein before granted, for any Ship which

'shall proceed on t-he said Whale Fiftiery after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-five, unless such Ship shall fail from the Port where (he shall be surveyed, and cleared

dire£ly on her intended Fishery, on or before the tenth Day of April in each and every Year, and shall

continue with her Crew in the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or the adjacent Seas, diligently en-

deavouring to catch Whales, or other Creatures living in those Seas, and shall not depart from thence

before the tenth Day of August then following, unless such Ship shall be laden with the Blubber and Fins

of one Whale, caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Attiftance of the Crew of some other licensed

Ship, before that Time, or shall be forced by some unavoidable Accident or Neceftity to depart sooner

from those Seas; which Accident or Neceftity shall be verified on the Oaths of the Matter and Mate be-

longing to such Ship, upon her Return from the said Fishery, before the Collector and Comptroller of

'the Customs at the Port where (lie shall arrive, who shall transmit the fame, together with the Schedule;

Licence, and other Documents by this Act required, to the respective Commissioners of the Customs for

that Part of Great Britain where (he shall arrive.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to order the respective Receivers

•General of the Customs, in case the Monies remaining in their Hands arising from the Old Subiidy shall

not be sufficient at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, to satisfy the said Bounty of

forty Shillings per Ton, and thirty Shillings per Ton, and twenty Shillings Ton, during the several

Periods herein before limited, payable on all Ships employed in the said Fiftiery, according to the Direc-

tions of this present Act, to pay the fame out of any Money that shall be in their Hands arising from any

of the Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his M.ijeft y’s

Customs in England and Scotland respectively dial I, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, lay

•before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing, under their Hands, of what Number of Ships

employed in the Whale Fishery to Davids Streights and the Greenland Seas, in pursuance of this Act, with

their respective Names and Burthens, have returned to Great Britain, and at what Port in Great Britain

they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil, Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship Cull have im-

ported, and from what Port in Ireland or the Ific of Man they were fitted out.

* XXVII. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Ships under the Burthen of two hun-

c dred Tons are fit for the said Fiftiery be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid.

That every Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships under the Burthen of two hundred Tons, which shall

be employed in the said Fishery, who have conformed themselves in all Respects to the Rules and Direc-

tions herein before prescribed to the Owners of Ships of two hundred Tons, shall be intitled to the said

Bonn y, as herein before limited, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respefMvHy.

V01. XII. R r XXViii. Pro-

On Return of

Shipr, proper

Officers to go on

Board and in-

spect the Cargo,

Sec. and take an

Account of the

N?mes of the

Makers, H*r-

pooners, &c.

Commissioner?

being satisfied of

the faithful Deal-

ings of the Maf-

ter, See. to pay

the Bounties as

diiefted, accord-

ing to the Ad-

measurement of

the Ships.

Certain Provl-

foes re I pe

Ships before any

Person beintitled

to the Bounty.

If Monies «-

rising from the

Old Sulf;dy be

not fufikimt to

pay B' un?i '«,

any o her Reve-

nue Money may

be taken.

Commificners,

a' :h? fW. r.n rg

of evry Seliioa

of Parliament,

to lay before

them »n/.ccount

of the Ships ern-

plncd in the

Whale Finery,

Arc.

Ship* under 200

Tots intitled to

a Bounty pre-

prrionable to

their Admea-

furement,

