75

A.D. 1774* Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 37, 38, 39.

f Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Rules, Directions, Payments, and Provision9, by such Acts respectively

* made and enacted: And whereas by one other Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-

• sent Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laius

4 now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom^ and for other Purposes therein mentioned),

4 the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, except so much thereof as continue 'he

4 Acts then made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, subject to the Tolls and Duties by such

4 Acts respectively granted, was repealed : And whereas by one other Act,1 made in the thirteenth V ear

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of

4 Parliaments the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Bri-

4 tain called England ; and for other Purposesj, the said Act of the Seventh Year of his present Majesty,

* except so much thereof as repealed the several Acts therein mentioned, was also repealed : And whereas

4 Doubts have arisen, whether the said last*mentioned Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present

4 Majesty, by repealing the said A d of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in the Manner afore-

4 Aid, hath not virtually repealed that Part of the Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty,

*which continued the said Turnpike Acts for five Years ; in order therefore to obviate all such Doubts,

4 and to enforce the said Provision for continuing the said Turnpike Acts, as contained in the said Act of

4 the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reignbe it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provision made by the Proton* of

said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the several Acts, *8 Geo. a*

made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads for five Years, shall be and continue in full Force, XurnSwRoads

and be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame could, might, or ought to have been, if the for five Year*,

said Acts of the seventh and thirteenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, or either of them, had not continued,

been made; any Thing in those Acts, or in either of them, contained to the contrary notwlthstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who hath or have received, or Perfoiiwho

shall hereafter receive, any Tolls, or other Duties, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate; or who hath acted, ha7e

or shall hereafter ad, in any other respect under the Authority of, and in Execution of any of the “ Vju.nPike

Powers of any Act or Acts of Parliament so continued, or intended to be continued, by the said recited b? the aforesaid

Ad of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for what Aa indcmni-

he, (he, or they have so received or done, or for what he or they shall receive, or do by virtue thereof. fied»

cap. xxxvn.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers. further Time given till January 1, 1775.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for paving, repairing, deanfing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford,

• and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for creating a Fund to-

wards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City,

and for the better Application of Charity-money for setting the poor People of the said City to Work,

and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice in the Cafes of Persons questioned

for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the SupprefGon of

Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the MaJfaebufePs Bay, in New England.

4 TT 7 HERE AS in his Majesty’s Province of Massachuset's Bay, in New England, an Attempt hath pramble.

4 W lately been made to throw off the Authority of the Parliament of Great Britain over the said

4 Province, and an actual and avowed Resistance, by open Force, to the Execution of certain Acts of

4 Parliament, hath been suffered to take place, uncontrouled and unpunished, in Defiance of his Ma-

4 jesty’s Authority, and to the utter Subversion of all lawful Government: And whereas, in the present

4 disordered State of the said Province, it is of the utmost Importance to the general Welfare thereof,

4 and to the Re-establishment of lawful Authority throughout the fame, that neither the Magistratea

4 acting in Support of the Laws, nor any of his Majesty’s Subjects aiding and assisting them therein, or

4 in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, raised in Opposition to the Execution of the Laws and Sta-

4 tutes of this Realm, should be discouraged from the proper Discharge of their Duty, by an Apprehen-

4 fion, that in case of their being questioned for any Acts done therein, they may be liable to be brought

4 to Trial for the fame before Persons who do not acknowledge the Validity of the Laws, in the Exe-

4 cution whereof, or the Authority of the Magistrate in the Support of whom, such Acts had been

4 done: In order therefore to remove every such.Discouragement from the Minds of his Majesty’s Sub-

4 ieds, and to induce them, upon all proper Occasions, to exert themselves in Support of the publick

4 Peace of the Province, and of the Authority of the King and Parliament of Great Britain over the

4 famebe it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That if any Inquifirion or Indictment shall be found, or if any Appeal shall be sued or How India-

preferred against any Person, for Mjirther, or other capital Offence, in the Province of the Massachuset's vent* again*

L a Bay9 Magittmc*, and

