262

Perf. n« t® whom

moots are

mjJr, equally

int ;led to their

Proportion of

the Tolls, &c.

Application of

the Money.

Securities may

be transferred.

Entries of AC-

signments to be

made.

Intereit of the

Money borrow-

ed to be paid

Half-yearly.

PtiblickAa.

Preamble.

C. 27. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

4 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising bjr

4 virtue of the said last-mentioned Act; and also the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and all

the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of the said Company of Proprietors, of, in, and unto the fame;

4 to hold unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

4 until the said Sum of together with Interest for the lame, after

the Rate of per Centum per Annumy shall be repaid.*

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Alignment or Assignments shall be made, shall be

equally intitled to their Proportion of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the re-

spective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof, with the

Interest, as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, either in pursuance of

this or the said la ft-recited Act, or on any other Account whatsoever: And the Money so borrowed by

any or either of the above Methods shall be applied, in the first place, for discharging the Expences in-

curred in and in relation to the obtaining of this Act; and afterwards for making, continuing, completing,

and maintaining, the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and other Works authorised by this Act, or the said

recited Acts; and in carrying this Act, and the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Powers, and

Authorities, therein and herein contained, into effectual Execution; which Assignment or Assignments

may be transferred in such Manner as is directed with respect to Assignments made in pursuance of the said

recited Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and the Assignee or Assignees shall in like

Manner be intitled to the MQney due on such Assignment or Assignments respectiveTy, and the whole

Benefit thereof, in as full and ample Manner as the Assignee or Assignees of any Assignment or Assignments,

made under or by virtue of the said last-recited Act; Entries of such Assignments and Transfers respec-

tively, where the Consideration amounts to upwards of one hundred Pounds, being made, in such Manner

as is directed by the said last-mentioned Act.

II. And it is nereby further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by Mort-

gage, as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties intitled thereto, in Preference to and

before the Interest or Dividends, which shall be due and payable by virtue of the said several recited Acts,

or this present Act, to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, for the fame Half-year, shall be

paid, made, or divided; and that all such Transfers, Securities, and Assignments, shall be free from all

Stamp-duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick

Ad; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, ^re hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without

specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint

Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex\ and for building a Workhouse in the said

Parish.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-

4 ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second^ intituled, An Act for the better regu-

%4 lating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares,

4 Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and causeways, ana regulating the Poor, within

the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone> in the County of Middlesex\ and for making more effectual Provision

4 for those Purposes), Power was given to the Vcftrymen, nominated in and by the said Act, to ascertain

the Monies neccft'ary to be raised, and to make Rates and Assessments for the Relief of the Poor of the

4 said Parish; to appoint Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and to impower such

4 Governors and Directors to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Government of the

4 Poor thereof; but no sufficient Power was given to purchase or hire Ground whereon to build a Work-

4 house or Workhouses, nor for the building or erecting a Workhouse or Workhouses sufficiently large

and convenient for the Reception of the Tick, diseased, and infirm Poor; nor for setting at Work the

4 healthy and able, and for the Punishment of the idle, disorderly, and refradory; nor rower to raise

4 Money for those Purposes: And whereas the said Governors and Directors are dill in want of further

4 Powers to make Regulations for the better providing for, governing, and employing; the Poor of the said

4 Parish: And whereas the Buildings, Houses, and Inhabitants, of the said Parish are, since the passing

4 of the said Act, greatly increased, and are (till increasing, the Poor of the said Parish are become very

4 numerous, and the present Workhouse is greatly inefficient to receive the Number of Poor that belong

and are chargeable to the said Parish: And whereas it would tend to the Health and convenient Accom-

4« modation of the sick, diseased, and infirm Poor; to the Employment of those able to work and in-

4 duftrious; to the Correction of the Profligate and Idle; to the Education of the Infant Poor in Habits

4 of Industry, Religion, and Honesty, and to the Emolument and Advantage of themselves and the said

4 Parish, by the Profits arising from their Labour, if a large and convenient House or Houses, with

4 Apartments for the sick and diseased, for the old, impotent, and infirm, and for those able to work

4 for the carrying on of divers Trades, Works, and Manufactures, as also for the Punishment of the idle,

4 refradory, and profligate, and for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, were built

and erected; but as the fame Cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Par-

4 liament;* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted s and be it enacted by the King's most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

' % mons.

