66

C. 311

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

A.D. 1774

Statute work

how to be per-,

formed*

fcaed-time and

Hanreft except-

ed.

Statute-work

mav be paid for

in Money*

Exception of

indigeotPersont*

Carte driving

Lime or Coal,

not for private

lire, liable for

fix Days Work*

Deduction to the

Owners* if

Landholders*

If Statute-work

be not perfbrm-

cd, Value to be

paid in 6 Days*

or Warrants

may be granted

to distrain*

Penalties for

wrongous Di-

stress, and not

airing Lifts of

Scrricesj Ax*

T^e Distances

that Per foils are

liable to do Sta-

tute-work*

Trafteet at

Meetings may

appoint Corn-

Owners of unin-

closed Lands to

give Ground fuf-

ficient to make

the Road 25

Fact wide*

. Mentors obliged

to scour the

Pitches,

responding to a Ploughgate of Land, or, in his Option, to pay the converted Value for the fame, at the

Rates herein-after specined; and so in proportion for smaller or larger Parts or Divisions of a Ploughgate

of Land so set.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Householders, Cottagers, Labour-

ers, (Servants hired by the Year being always excepted), and all Tradesmen, not liable to furntfh Car-

riages, shall be obliged, upon two Days previous Notice to be given as aforesaid, to perform the Statute-

work conformable to Law on the said High Roads and Bridges, by themselves, or other able Men to be

employed by them, for fix full Days (each Day to consist of two sufficient Yokings); and in case of Fai-

lure, mail be subject and liable to the Penalties contained in the former Acts of Parliament.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared. That no Person shall be obliged to

furnish Carriages, or perform Statute-work, on the said Highways and Bridges, during the Periods of seed-

time or Corn-harvest in that Part of the County where he fives or resides.

4 XI. And, for carrying into more effectual Execution the Laws now in Force relative to Highways within

the said County/be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Truf-

tees, at their respective anpual District Meetings assembled, if they shall find it necessary, to order and

appoint a Conversion, in Money, to be paid by all Persons liable in Statute Services, as aforesaid, for all

or any of the fix Days Service or Statute-work above mentioned: Provided always. That the aforesaid

Conversion shall not exceed the ordinary Price or Rate of Labour in that Part of the Country where the

Services are to be performed.

XII. And it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Traftees to exeem

and free from Performance of all or any Part of the said Statute-work, and Competition therefore, all such

Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, or unable to perform the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall keep Carts or

other Carriages for driving of Coal or Lime, or any other Things whatever, not for their own private Use*

and on the publick County Roads, shall be subject and liable in fix Days Work for each Cart lo employed

by him, her, or them: Provided always. That if the said Persons are liable for Services in respedof Land»

possessed by them, they shall have Deduction and Allowance for such of their Carts and Carriages, the

Horses whereof shall appear to the said Trustees to be necessary for labouring the said Lands*

‘XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to per-

form the Services and Statute-work when required, as aforesaid, or to pay the converted Values therefore

within fix Days after the fame shall be demanded by the Overseer or Collector, in Manner before directed,

the said Failure or Refusal being certified by an Application from the said Collector or Overseer to the

Justices of the Peace, they, or any one of them, shall be authorised, and are hereby required, upon such

Applications, to grant summary Warrants for poinding or distraining the Effects of such Defaulters for Pay-

ment of the converted Values as aforesaid, and one half more in Name of Penalty,

XV. Provided always. That in case the said Collectors or Overseers shall wrongoufly charge, poind, or

distrain, any Person as a Defaulter, and bp convicted thereof before the Justices of the Peace, the said Jnf-

tices shall award against the said Collector or Overfepr^ to the Person or Persons so aggrieved, treble the*

Spm for which he or they shall be so poinded or distrained; and in case the said Overseers or Collectors

shall fail to give due Notice to the Persons liable for Services and Statute-work, or to exact the converted

Values, they shall be liable, and by Sentence of the said Justices, be subjeded to pay double the Value of

the said Services or Statute-work, or double the Conversion Money so omitted to be called out and exacted*

by them.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby provided and declared. That it shall not be lawful for the said

Trustees to employ the Persons, liable in the aforesaid Services or Statute-work, at any greater Distance'

than two measurea Miles from the Residence of the Persons liable for the fame, nor to apply the converted

Values of such Services at any greater Distance than three Miles from the Residence of the Person liable in*

Payment of the fame.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, at their General Meetings of the said several Distrids, to appoint Committees of their

own Number, in the different Parishes, for overseeing, directing, and carrying on the Reparation of such

of the said Roads and Bridges as shall be committed to their Charge, and for calling out the Persons liable*

in the Services and Statute-work to perform the fame, or making effectual the converted Values, and ap-

plying the fame towards the working, building, and repairing, the said Roads and Bridges, in such Manner

as the said Meeting mall order and appoint.

XVin. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where Roads are already inclosed

on one Side, and the Ground on the other Side belongs to a different Proprietor, and that there shall non.

be left twelve Feet and an Half from the Inclosure to the Centre of the Road, the Proprietor on the other

or uninclosed Side shall be bound and obliged to give off Ground sufficient to make up twenty-five Feet

broad; and the said Justices of Peace, or any three of them, are hereby authorised and required, to set off

and ascertain the Extent and Value of the Ground so to be given off, to make up the Deficiency of the said-

twelve Feet and an Half, and to give Decree against such Person or Persons as they shall judge liable for

Payment of the Value thereof, to and in Favour of such Person or Persons as they shall judge entitled for

receive the same, or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have or shall in'

Time coming be made along the Side of any of the Roads or Highways within the said County, then the

Proprietors thereof shall be bound to keep these Ditches properly scoured; and in case of their failing foto

do, when required, the Overseers of the said Roads may, and are hereby authorised to order them to be

cleansed and scoured, at the Cost and Expence of the Occupiers or Possessors of the Grounds through which

these Ditches are made j and upon their refusing Payment of the Expence thereby incurred* it shall and

may

