A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 54.

34-7

Charges of re-

pa:rinj» Pave-

pAviours, Arc. to

Water Compa-

nies to pive No-

tice to the Com-

missioner* Clerk

of their Names

aid Places of

Abode.

Water-Com pa-

nics to repair

their Pipes with-

in two Days af-

ter Notice.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Cods, Charges, and Ex-

nences attending or incident to the repairing or making good the Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, and nie;rr<tkenu to

Places hereby authorised to be paved, the Person or Pei Ions causing or occasioning the said Pavements to bc p.jjd by per.

be broke up or damaged shall stand Debtor upon an implied Promise to the said Commissioners Paviour for fonsoccafioning

such Repair, as for Work and Labour done, and Materials found for the Ule of such Person or Persons; the Damage,

and the said Commissioners Paviour is hereby authorised and impowered to commence and prosecute one Howto bere*

or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmirjler, sgainst covered,

such Person or Persons, wherein he shall recover a reasonable Satisfaction for such Work and Labour,

and Materials, together with Costs of Suit: But where the Commissioners of Sewers, Companies of Wa-

terworks, or o:her Bodies Politick or Corporate, occasion such Damage to the said Pavement, that then

the respective Treassurers to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Commissioners of Sewers, or Companies of

Waterworks, shall stand Debtors for such Repairs, upon an implied Promise to the said Commissioners Pa-

viour, who is hereby authorised to commence such Action as aforesaid against any such Treasurer, wherein

he shall recover a reasonable Satisfaction for such Work, Labour, and Materials, together with Cells of

Suit; and such Treasurer is hereby authorised and allowed to take Credit in his Accounts for the Monies

he shall pay or disburse on account of the Premises.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Per-

fons now appointed or employed, or hereafter to be appointed or employed, as Paviours or Workmen

to the several and respective Water Companies, for the amending the Pipes lying under cny of the said

Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, arc hereby required, within the Space of three

Days after the passing of this Act, or within three Days next after they (lull respectively be so appointed

as aforesaid, to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners of their

respective Names and Places of Abode, and by what Company they are so appointed, or in Default thereof,

they shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Neglect, and also the like Sum of twenty Shillings

for every Failure of the like Notice upon the Removal or Change of their respective Places of Abode; and

all Notices under this Act, left, pursuant to such Diiections, for the Person or Persons to whom such No-

tices are addressed, shall be deemed good Service.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Paviours or Workmen

employed by the respective Water Companies, on receiving Notice in Writing from the said Com mi f-

sioners Paviour, or other Person appointed by them for that Purpose, of the bursting or breaking of any

Water-pipe within any of the said Streets, Lancs, and Places authorised to be paved, shall, within the

Space of two Days, proceed to, and with all convenient S.’ed, amend, repair, or replace such broken

Pipe, and prevent the Water issuing therefrom, or in Default thereof, every Person so neglectin^oi refus-

injj, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thit in case the Person p;pc9 broken not

who shall receive Notice of the bursting of any Water-pipe shall, upon opening the Ground, find the fame belonging to the

to belong to some other Company of Waterworks*, then, and in such Cafe, he shall give Notice thereof Company whose

in Writing, within fix Hours from the opening of such Ground, to the said Commissioners Paviour, or in 1>avipur

Default thereof, shall forfeit twenty Shillings for such his Neglect; and for his Labour and Expence of °?vnfach

opening such Ground he shall be paid by the Paviour or Woikman employed by the Water Company,

Proprietor of the Pipe so burst or broke, and may prosecute for the Recovery thereof in the Court of Re-

<jucfts for thcTower Hamlets> or other Court in the County of /linUlltjcx^ where Debts under forty Shil-

lings are recoverable.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any private Drain, Vault, or

Sewer shall fall in or become ruinous or choked up, so as to act’cdl or injure the Pavement of the Streets,

Lancs, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, or shall become (linking or offensive to the Inhabitants

thereof the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Propiietors of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

ami Hereditaments, which arc occupied with the Use of such Drain, Vault, or Sewer, shall, within four

Days after Notice delivered or left for him, her, or them, at the said several Mcliuages or Dwelling-

houses, from the Commissioners Paviour, or other Person to be appointed by them for that Purpose, pro-

ceed to, and with all convenient Speed, effectually cleanse, repair, and amend such Sewer, Vault, or

Drain, or in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the fame to

he done, and the Charges and Expences thereof, and of repairing the Pavements damaged thereby, (h ill

flmd charged on the said several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and be paid by the said respective

Owners and Proprietors thereof, or their Under-tenants on their Behalf; and the Quota or Share each

Party shall pay of such Charges and Expences shall be ascertained, proportioned, and aflelled, by the

Award or Arbitrement of the said Commissioners; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of ary

of the said Proportions of the said Charges, the lame shall be recovered by Diitrcfs and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of the Occupier and Occupiers of any or either of the MefTu?gcs, Lands, and Te-

nements which (lull be charged by such Award with the Payment thereof; and such Under-tenant or

Occupier paying such Apportionment or AffJlment, is hereby authorised and impowered to dediidl the

Monies so paid out of his Rent then due, or which shall rh-?re*f:er accrue duo; or th* said Commissioners,

at their Election, may prosecute one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, ag.iinft the said respective

Proprietors or Owners of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for thrir kid

respective Proportions of the said Charges, and they Hull recover the fame thereby, together with the Costs

of Suit*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall be

Occasion to make new and additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets, Lanes, and

Places, or to repair, alter, cleanse, and amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the fame, the

Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners for the said Sewers shall, at die kuiueit in Writing of the

Y y 2 ^ Clerk

Grr»nd, by

whom he is to

b; paid for hit

Trouble.

proprietor* of

ruinous Drains

to repair then f

and In caff of

Default, the

Cotr.miffi or eri

to rtoiir them at

the Proprietors

Eype.’ce.

Hjw the said

( Ivirgfs are to

be recovered.

Comm’IF oners

of S*\v*is how to

be 1 u 1 moped

when ar y Re.

pair of Sew* rs.

Scc. aie wanted.

