The TITLES of

certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane, ap-

plicable to charitable Ufcs ; and for other Purposea

therein mentioned.

14. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several

of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the

last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act

made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting

an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax> to be raised in Great

Britain, for the Service of the Tear one thousand/even hun-

dred ana seventy-five ; and for appointing other Commis-

sioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned

Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Par-

liament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

15. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and em-

ploying the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in

the County of Middlesex\ and for cleansing and lighting

the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and

other open Passages and Places ; and for keeping and re-

gulating a Nightly Watch within such Parts of the said

rarish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of

London.

16. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted

by three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of two

Per nits Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed

and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liber-

ties ,.nd Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts

mentioned.

17. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn

from BenthnlL in the County of Salop y to the of polite

Shore at Aladelcy Wood, in the said County; and for

making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent

granted by his present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor of the

Town of Southampton, Widow, for the foie Use and

Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and

other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins,

used in the Rigging of Ships.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six.

■20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea-

men to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on

board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and

Vessels.

21. An Act to amend an Act, p; fTed in the third Year of

his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making

navigable the River Stroudvvater, in the Courty of Glou-

cefier, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to

W all bridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County ;

and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making

a Navigation from Framiload to Walt bridge aforesaid.

22. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardcbigg,

in the Counties of WorccJler and Warwick.

23. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of

the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of

the Port of Bffon, in the County of Lincoln ; and for

aifixing and fetiing down Mooring-pofis upon the Banks

of High Marshes within or adjoining to the Haven and

Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying

down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marihes

within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour; and

for preventing Milchiefs by Fire in the said Haven and

Harbour.

24- An Act for vesting certain Fftitcs, now held in Trust

for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at

Greenwich) in the Commissior.ers and Governors of the

/

the STATUTES.

said Hospital, incorporated by his Majesty’s Letters

Patent.

25. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes,

and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough

of Bffon, in the County of Lincoln ; and for removing

and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstruc-

tions therein.

26. An Act for lighting and watching the Villages of Cam-

berwell and Peckhamy in the County of Surrey, and cer-

tain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto ; and for

establishing a Foot Patrole between Peckham and Black-

man-street in the Borough of Southwark.

27. An Act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching

the Streets, Lanes, and other public Pailages, within the

Borough of Dorchc/leTy in the County of Dorset* and in

the Tithing of Colliton-row, in the Town of Dorchester

aforesaid ; for paving the Footways and repairing certain

Horseways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike;

and for paving the Footways and repairing the Horse-

ways of such Paits thereof as are not Turnpike; for

removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and O’oftrudlions

therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, here-

after to be erected in the said Borough and Tithing, from

being thatched.

28. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal

from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of

Worcester, to join the Siajfordshire and Worcejlershire Ca-

nal, at or near Stourtony in the County of Stafford ; and

also two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The

Fens upon Penfnet-chace, to communicate with the in-

tended Canal near the Jundlion of Wordejley brook with

the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black

De!ph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned

collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays,

in the Parish of Kingfwinford> in the said County of

Stafford. T

29 An Act for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Use and Pro-

perty of a certain Composition or Cement of his Inven-

tion, throughout his Majesty’s Kingdom of Greer

Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for

a limited Time.

30. An Act more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer,

and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like

Purpose.

31. An Act for securing a Fund belonging to certain Per-

fons of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, applicable to^

charitable Uses ; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation from the Trent to the Alcffey, to m*ke a

navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South

Side of HarecaJlL'y in the County of Stafford, to Frcghall,

and a Rail-way from thence to or near Caldony in the said

County; and to make other Railways.

33. An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the

Ships in the Port of Brijlcl, by preventing the landing

certain Commodities on the present Quays ; and for pro-

viding a convenient Qu ly and proper Places for landing

and Itoring the fame; and for regulating the said Quiy,

and the Lighters, Boars, and other Vessels carrying

Goods for Hire within the said Port of Bristol; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

",4. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties on

Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned ; and

several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds,

and other Deed‘d and upon Cards, Dice, and News-

papers ; and for raising the Sum of Two millions by

Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with An-

_ nuitics.

3$. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

S

