A. D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 40.

79

Kin, of the said Ulyjjes Fitzmaurice, on his Mother’s Side, in equal Degree, who shall, within twelve Calen-

dar Months next after Notice shall be given for that Purpose in the London Gazette, and one or more of the

publick Newspapers printed and circulating in Ireland, appear and make out their said Kindred to the said

ulyjjes Fitzmaurice, in the fame Shares, Proportions, Manner, and Form, as they would have been intitled

to the Surplusage of the personal Ellate of the said Ulyjjes Fitzmaurice, in case he had been a legitimate Child,

and had died intestate, leaving them his next of Kin.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in

making such last-mentioned Distribution and Division, the said Trustees shall pay and distribute unto John

Fitzmaurice, now an Infant, the Son of Caliph Fitzmaurice deceased, a Brother of the said Ulyjjes ritz-

maurice of the Half-blood, and the natural or reputed Son also of the said Earl of Kerry* the fame Share and

Proportion of such last mentioned Surplus as the said John Fitzmaurice would be intitled to have and receive

by virtue of this Act, in case he had been one of the poor Relations, or next of Kin, in equal Degree, of

the said Ulyjjes Fitzmaurice, on his Mother’s Side j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in

anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That in

case such last-mentioned Surplus shall be more than sufficient to pay unto the said poor Relations, or next

of Kin, of the said Ulyjjes Fitzmaurice and the said John Fitzmaurice the Infant, the Sum of five hundred

Pounds each; that then, and in such Cafe, the Surplus which shall remain, after paying unto each of

them the Sum of five hundred Polinds, shall be equally paid, distributed, and divided, unto and among the

said Aboan Fitzmaurice, James Fitzmaurice, Robert Fitzmaurice, and John Fitzmaurice, their Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns ; and also all and every such other of the poor Relations or next of Kin of the

said Ulyjjes Fitzmaurice, on his Mother’s Side, in equal Degree, who shall appear and make out their Kin-

dred in Manner as aforesaid, and the said John Fttzmaunce the Infant, equally between them. Part and

Share alike * any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to give and aflurfe

unto Gilbert Hillock Efauire, in Trust for his Son Gilbert Douglas Hillock, a Minor, the Negro Boy late

belonging to the said Uly/Jes Fitzmaurice, called Romeo; and also to give and assure unto the Negro Woman,

late belonging to the said Ulyjjes Fitzmaurice* called Penelope, her Freedom, according to the intention of

the said UlyjjesFitzmaurice, as exp relied in the Instructions by him given for making his Will, as herein-

before is mentioned ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wile notwithstanding.

V. And, for promoting and facilitating the Sale of the said Estates and Premises for the Purposes of this

ASt* it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and

Persons to whom the said Isaac Barrie Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts> or the Survivors or Survi-

vor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall, by virtue of this Act, make any Sale or Conveyance of

all or any Part of the said Plantation, Estate, Hereditaments, and Premises, hereby vested in them, to be

sold as aforesaid, and the Heirs, Executurs, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers

respectively, shall and may, upon Payment of their respedrive Purchase-monies to the said Isaac Barn*

Toomas Fitzmauricei and David Roberts, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survi-

vor, have, hold, and enjoy, the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, by them respectively to be pur-

chafed, freed, and absolutely discharged, of and from all Estate, Right, Title, Claim, and Interest cf

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (except as herein before is excepted) j and also of and from all

and every the Trusts herein-before provided, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the Money to

arifc by such Sate dr Sales ; and that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Isaac Barre* Thomas Fitzmauricey

and David .Roberts* or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, under their or his

Hands or Hand respectively, shall, from Time to Time, be a good and effectual Discharge to the Pur-

chaser or Purchasers of the fame Premises, or any Part thereof, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, for so much of the said Purchase-money as in such Receipt shall be expressed

to be received j and after such Receipt and Receipts shall be given as aforesaid. such Purchaser and Purcha-

fers shall be, and he, (he, and they respectively, is and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of

and from the same, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-

application of the said Purchase-money, or any Part thereof

Vi. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That after any Sale or

Conveyance of the Premises mentioned to be sold as aforesaid, and until the Money arising by such Sale or

Sales shall be paid, distributed, and divided, pursuant to this Act, they the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitz-

maurice, and David Roberts, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, or Admi-

nistrators of such Survivor, shall, as soon as such Monies, or any Part thereof* shall come to their or any

of their Hands, of be received by them, deposit the fame in the Bank of England, in the Names of all the;

said Trustees, which shall there remain, and shall not be removed or taken from thence without all their

Consents, and that for the Purpose only of paying, dividing, and distributing, the fame, pursuant to this

Adh

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Isaac Barri*

TThomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, shall not, nor shall either of them, nor the Heirs, Executors, or

Administrators, of them, or either of them, be answerable or accountable for any Deficiency, Damage,

or Loss of Money, to be received by virtue of or under the Trusts hereby in them reposed, or for any

Agent, Attorney, or other Person, to be retained or employed by them in the Sale of the faicj Estate ana

Premises, or in depositing any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, or any otherwise relating to the

Trusts hereby in them reposed, without his or their own wilful Negledi or Default; and that neither of

them shall be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Negledls, or Defaults, of the other or

others of them, but each for his own Act, Receipt. NegledI, or Default onty ; and also that the said

Trustees, and each of them, thoir and each of their rdpedtive Heirs, Executors, and Adgiinistrators, shall

Saving Clan ft in

favour of John

Fitzmaurice, aa*

Infant.

How the Surplu*

is to be divided,

in case it aft'orri*

a larger Sum

than that of

500 I. to each of

the distantRela*

tioni.

A N>gro Wo*

man and Boy to

be settled ac-

cording to the

Irtftrudion* of-

the Willr

After Payment•

of Porchafe-

money the Ef-

tates to bt free '

from all Claim* ->

and Trust*.

Mooey arifitfg

by the Sale of

the Premises to

be deposited ian

the Bank.

Tmfteet ’Bot^to*

be answerable

for the Act •£ a

each other, r.

and.

