84 C. 45. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. 0.1774.

/or the First nifter), shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than

weedfn^aos ^vc Shillings, and for the second Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shil-

fwVhe Second* I*n£s > an<* for the third, and every other Offence, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or

51. Justices of the Peace to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the House of Correction, or other

nd, for the publick Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to be kept to

Third,imprison- hard Labour for the Space of one Calendar Month, and also to order the Person or Persons so convicted

Mcmthand to to once publickly whipped at the nearest Market Town to where the Offence was committed, and

be*publidcJy upon a Market Day; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall go to the Party aggrieved,

whipped. III. And be it further enacted, That the Justiceor Justices, before whom any Offender shall be con-

victed as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following;

that is to say:

Form of Con* € T> E it remembered. That on the Day of ia

vision. 4 J3 the Year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before me, or us,

4 of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, for

[specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame ivas committed, and also speci-

4 Jpng that i* vua5 the fiijl) secondy or thirdy Offence age.injl this Act, as the Cafe be.]

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid'

Conv*&i n» to be

Wrote on Parch-

ment, and re-

turned to the

nett General

Ql»ner S'flion.

Convitt on« may

be delivered to

Persons.en pay-

ing is. each

Copy.

Persons may

appeal to the

- Q^*tter Sessionij

entering into

Recognizance.

If Cells be not

paid, according

to Order of the

Justice*, t» ey

m^v be levied by

Didrcfr, &c.

and where there

are nj Goods,

the Pei Ions to

be committed.

Proceedings rot

*«> be quaihed for

w.m ut Krm.

Which ConviQion the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on Parchment, and returned

to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town,

or Place, where such v^onvidtion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be

kept among the Records of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful for any Clerk of the Peace where any such Conviction shall be filed, as aforesaid, and he is here-

by required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy

or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forth-

with delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of one Shilling for every such Copy.

V. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall be

defirotis of appealing to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holtlen for the County,

Riding, City, or Place, wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Person may, at the Time of

such Conviction, enter into a sufficient Recognizance conditioned to try such Appeal, abide the Order of,

and pay such Costs as shall be adjudged by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices, at such

Sessions, shall and are hereby authoris'd and required to take Cognizance of such Appeal, and may affirm

such Conviction, and award such Costs, as they the said Justices shall think proper: And in case the fame

are not paid, according to the Order of the said Justices, such Costs may be recovered by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who ought to pay the fume, by Warrant under the Hand

-and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,

.where such Person shall be or reside; and if no Goods and Chattels belonging to such Person can be

found, sufficient to pay the Costs, and the Charges of making such Distress, the said Justices may cause

the Person to be committed to the common Gaol of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town,

x>r Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Calendar Months; and the

Determination of the said Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes:

And no Order made concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching

the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of

Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's

Courts of Record at JVcftminster

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the MoJjacbufet's

in New England.

PxramMe, recit-

>nf Let ets Pa-

tent of j Gul.

Jk Man*.

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England) made in the third Year of the

Reign of their hue Majesties King JVilUam and Queen Alary, for uniting, erecting, and incor-

porating, the several Colonies, Territories, and Tracts of Land therein mentioned, into one real Pro-

vince, by the Name cf Their Majesties Province of the Massachuset’s Bay, in New England; whereby

it was, amongst other Things, ordained and established, That the Governor of the said Province should,

from thenceforth, be appointed and commissionated by their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors: It

was, however, granted and ordained, That, from the Expiration of the Term for and during which

the eight and twenty Persons named in the said Letters Patent were appointed to be the first Counfdlors

or AiTistants to the Governor of the said Province for the Time being, the aforesaid Number of eight

and twenty Counsellors or Assistants {hould yearly, once in every Year, for ever thereafter, he, by the

General Court or Assembly, newly chosen: And whereas the said Method of clecting such Counsellors

or Assistants, to be vested with the several Powers, Authorities, and Privileges, therein mentioned, al-

though conformable to the Practice theretofore used in such of the Colonies thereby united* in which

the Appointment of the respcsLiive Governors had been vested in the General Courts or Assemblies of

the said Colonies, hath, by repeated Experience, been found to be extremely ill adapted to the Plan of

Government established in the Province of the Alaffachufefs Bayr by the said Letters Patent herein-

before mentioned, and hath been so far from contributing to the Attainment of the good Ends and Pur-

4 poses

e

