332

the Use of his

Majesty'sTroopf

abroad on Irish

Pay, being Bri-

tish or Irish Ma-

nufacture.

Makers of Ships

to produet Cer-

tificates to the

proper Officers,

that the Shipper

had duly exported

such Cluathujj,

Oa. Failure of

such Certificate,

the VefiH to be

forfeited, &c.

After Jan. T,

1776, an addi-

tional Bounty of

5«. per Hogs-

head fora Years,

above the present

v Bounty, ta be

nMowedy on Flax

Seed imported

into Ireland.

Receiver Gene-

ral of the Cuf-

toms in England

to pay the said

Bounty to Im-

porters, on their

producing a Cer-

tificate from the

Collector, &c.

where such Flax

Seed was im-

ported.

If any Agent of

a Regiment, &c.

grant a fallc

Certificate,

or erase or coun-

terfeit any Certi-

ficate, such Per-

son shall forfeit

5001.

How Forfeitures

are to be appl ed,

and where to be

fiied (w.

Preamble.

Act x 1 Geo, III.

C. 46. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Manufactureof Great Britain or Ireland, for the Use of the said Troops or Forces (paid in Manner before

mentioned), to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of his Majesty’s Forts or Gac-

rifons, or to any Foreign Country, upon his Majesty’s Service, any Law or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, or

other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel, shall produce to the Collector or proper Officer of the

Customs at the Port where such Cloathing and Accoutrements shall be shipped, or intended to be shipped,

for Exportation, and also to the Collector or proper Officer of the Customs in the Colony or Plantation

where he shall arrive, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Governor in Ireland (which Cer-

tificate such Governor is hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward), that Oath had been made by

the Shipper of such Cloathing or Accoutrements, before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

Province from whence such Cloathing and Accoutrements shall be exported, that such Articles (expressing

the Number, Quantity^ and Species of the fame) are of the Product and Manufacture of Great Britain

or Ireland; and that it has been made appear to his Satisfaction, by a Certificate fiom the Agent to the

Regiment, or Person properly authorised to provide the fame, that such Articles are really and bona fide

designed for the Use of his Majesty’s Troops and Forces, paid in Manner before mentioned, and then

employed in such Colony or Plantation, or in such Forts, Garrisons, or Foreign Country, as aforesaid,

in his Majesty’s Service; and on Failure of producing such Certificate from such Chief Governor, such

Cloathing or other Accoutrements found on Board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Vessel importing the

fame, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited in the same Manner as they would have been subject

and liable to if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-

(landing.

4 III. And whereas, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the third Year of his Majesty’s

Reign, a Premium or Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead is now allowed and paid out of the Revenue

4 of that Kingdom, upon the Importation of Flax Seed, which Bounty is not at this Time Efficient to

4 answer the good Purposes intended thereby 5 and it is expedient that some further Encouragement should

4-be given, fora limited Time, to induce the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, in order to promote

and encourage the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdom;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of January ^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, for

and during the Space of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

a further Bounty of fiveShillings per Hogshead shall be allowed for all Flax Seed imported into the King-

dom of Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Eng-

land) or any four or more of them, to order the said Bounty hereby granted to be paid by the Receiver

General of the Customs, out of any Money in his Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under

their Management, to the Importer or Importers of such Flax Seed, or to his or their Assigns duly au-

thorifed to receive the same,* upon his or their producing a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of Office

of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port in Ireland where such Flax Seed was imported

and landed, certifying the Number of Hogsheads so landed, with the Name of the Ship and Master in

which, and the Place from whence, and by whom, and at what Time, the fame was imported; and that

the Bounty granted, by the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, made in Ireland, had been paid and

allowed for the fame.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Agent of any Regiment*

or Person authorised to provide the before-mentioned Cloathing and Accoutrements, or any Officer of the

Customs, shall give or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act,

such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall coun-

terfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or wil-

lingly make use of any false Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified,

such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every*

such Certificate shall be invalid and of no Effect; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be to the Use of his-

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall

fuc or prosecute for the fame, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in any

Court of Admiralty haying Juiifuidion in his Majesty’s Colonies or Islands respectively where the Offence

shall be committed. '

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in

the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within tbs

Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

4

C

C

c

4

4

4

WHEREAS in dnd by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers

and Streams running into tlx fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said Rivery certain Provi-

fions and Regulations were established for the Preservation and Improvement of the Eiflieries in the said

River Tweed: And whereas the said Provisions and Regulations have proved very beneficial to the

Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the said River, and the Rivers and Streams running into the

fame, and have greatly contributed to the Preservation of the Fish therein; But whereas several Incon-

V s - vcniencics

