The TITLES of the STATUTES.

to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners

thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the

consti ufting, printing, publishing, vending, and licen-

sing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other uteful Tables}

and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward

of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for

finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in

Navigation; and for the better making Experiments re-

lating thereto.

6;. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned,

for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s

Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly

to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cafe Finiflerre;

for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South

Carolina and Georgia directly, to any Part of America, to

the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the

like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from Eajt and

Weft Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward

ofoouth Carolina and Georgia.

^8. An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of

Hops.

<9- An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-four.

,70. An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for cal-

ling in, and recoining, the deficient Gold Coin of this

Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receivingthe

fame at the Bank of England; and of taking, there, an

Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making

Satisfaction for the fame; and for authorising all Persons

to cut and deface all Gold Coin, that shall not be allowed

to be current by his Majesty’s Proclamation.

An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of

Utensils made life of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen,

and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

72. An Act for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted,

Rained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and

manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use

and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations.

73. An Act to extend so much of an Act, passed in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as re-

lates to Distillers or Makers* of Low Wines and Spirits

from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more

effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from

Low Wipes ana Spirits; and for ascertaining the Al-

lowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and

Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and

tifed in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

74. An Act for reducing the Rates and Duties payable

upon the Importation of great Raisins.

75. An Act for enlarging trie present, or providing a new

Workhouse, for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour

Southwark^ and for regulating the Poor in such Work-

house; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into

the High Street, Southwark, for making a Carriage Way

from the said High Street) through thz Greyhound Inn)

into Queen Street, and for improving the Passage from

thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black

Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Christ Church.

y{'. An Act for redeeming the Sum of one million of the

capital Stocks of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in

the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned ;

and for establishing a Lottery.

'77. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for

the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes.

78. An Act for the further and better Regulation of Build-

ings, and Party-walls; and for the more effectually pre-

venting Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London

and Ivefiminjhr, and the Liberties thereof, and other

the Panfhes, Predicts, and Places, wichin the Weekly

S 'I

Bills of Mortality, the Pari&es of Saint Mary-L-Un*

Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at ChetfeO) in

the County of Middlesex\ and for indemnifying, under

certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against

the Penalties to which they are or may he liable for ced-

ing Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to

Law.

79. An Act for explaining an Act, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne) intituled, An Act t*

reduce the Rate of Interesl, without any Prejudice to Portia-

mentary Securities.

80. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mention-

ed, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail

Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon

foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made

Sails with a Duty.

81. An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the

sixteenth Year of his late Majesty *s Reign, intituled. An

Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of

Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the

Partiality) and regulate the Conduct) of returning Officers

at such Elections, by altering the Time of Notice, or-

dered by the said AcHo be given, in the Service of Com-

plaints to the Court of Session, of Wrongs done in Elec-

tions, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the

Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament

for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election.

of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which

ought tn course to be the presiding Borough at an Elec-

tion, happens to be reduced, and made void, by a Decree

of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown*

when such Election is made.

82. An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in

the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act to ext la in and amend\ and reduce into one-

Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for rege-

lating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain

called England; andfir other Purposes; so far as the fame

relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing

Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Car-

riages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing cer-

tain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of

Toll in particular Cafes.

83. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the

Government of the Province of Quebec, in North Ame-

rica.

84. Arr Act to prevent certain Inconvenieftcies that may

happen by Bills of Natura.matron.

85. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain

Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year

One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and for

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum

of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Ex-

cife; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in

Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the

Sum of five hundred Pounds to Lady Anne Mackenzie,

out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of seventy-two

thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the

forfeited Estates in Scotland.

86. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned,

relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon

the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clan-

destine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing

Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement

of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Du-

ties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Du-

ties; to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and

