tt6 C. 67.

Anno decimo quarto Georg 11 III. ,A. D. 1774,

They are also to

receive Propo-

fol* for discover-

ing the Loogi

tilde,

sod certify the

-feme, with the

Names of the

Authors, to the

Commissionert

*f the Navy.

Persons making

useful Discove-

ries, to receive

less Reward*, a*

greeable to the

Judgment of tho

CommUBonera,

T*he Sums pay-

able by the Trea-

forersof thtNa-

sy oot to exceed

fooool.

No Per(bn to re-

ceive more for

Discoveries than

the greatest Sum

hereby provided.

The Commlfo

sioners to admw

nifter an Oath

for carrying the

A&utoExccu-

t»a.

Preamble.

of Money the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay to the Person or Person9 to whom the fame shall

be respectively due, out of any Money which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied as

aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Discovery

of Longitude at Sea, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and re-

ceive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or for making

any other useful Improvement in Navigation ; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery or Improvement as to think it pro*"

per to cause Experiments to be made thereof, they shall certify the fame, together with the Names of the

Author or Authors of such Proposal or Proposals, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of

the Navy, who are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the

Navy for any such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at

Sea, or any five or more of them, shall thin* necessary for m a Jung such Experiments ; which Sum or Sums

the Treasurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons as shall be ap±

pointed by the said Commissioners to make those Experiments out of any Money which shall be in his the

laid Treasurer’s Hands unapplied as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Per Tons shall make

any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be in tilled to any

of the great Rewards above specined, shall nevertheless be adjudged by the said Commissioners for the

Discovery of Longitude at Sea, or the major Part of them, to be of considerafile Use to the Publick, or

shall make any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation;, then,

and in such Cafe, such Person or Persons, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, from

Time to Time, have and receive such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners^

or the major Part of them, shall think reasonable; and certify accordingly, under their Hands and Seals,

to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills

upon the Treasurer of the Navy for any such Sum or Sums of Money which the said Treasurer is hereby

authorised and required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons, his or their Executors, Admi-

nistrators, or Assigns, out of any Money that shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied as

aforesaid. t

VII. Provided always. That all such Sum or Sums of Money;as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the

Navy by virtue hereof, as well for the Purpose of discharging the several Debts which have been incurred,

and are now growing due for Services tending jto the Benefit of Navigation, as, of making such Experi-

ments as aforesaid, and of rewarding, in a lesser Degree, teller Discoveries, for finding the Longitude at

Sea, and also other Discoveries and improvements useful to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum

of five thousand Pounds : And also provided. That in case any such Reward, or Sums of Money, to be

given for any of those Purposes shall not exceed the oum of one thousand Pounds, that then, and in such

Cafe, it shall and may be certified to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, under the Hand? and

Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, or any five or more of them $ but if it

shall exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, that then it mall be certified by the said Commissioners, or

the major Part of them.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case, any Person or Persons who shall and

may have received any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue of this Act, as a Reward for any Method of

discovering the Longitude at Sea, shall afterwards become intitled to any of thegreater Rewards appointed

by this Act, for or on account of the fame Method ; that then, and in such Cafe, such Sum or Sums of

Money as they shall or may have received as aforesaid, shall be considered as Part of such greater Reward,

and deduded therefrom accordingly; and that no Person shall receive more in the Whole for any one

Method for discovering the Longitude at Sea, than the greatest Reward appointed for such Method by

this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, or the major Part of them, and they are

hereby authorised and impowered, for their better Satisfaction, if they fee Occasion, to administer an

Oath or Oaths to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of carrying this Act

into Execution ; which Oath or Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said

Commissioners to administer accordingly; and in case any such Person or Persons shall wilfully (wear

falsely and untruly, every such Person (nal) be liable to, and suffer the Pains and Penalties inflicted by the

several Statutes made, and now in Force, against wilful Perjury.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice

from his Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia^ in America^ directly to any Part of

Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from

South Carolina and Georgia directly, to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said

Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and Weft

Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia.

* XWHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned are near expiring may it therefore please your

Y V Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with

