46

C. 16.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III,

A. D» T774,

Commissionert

!mpowered to

fell Mills or En-

gines.

Engines and

Mills maybe in-

fared from Fire.

Did refs not un-

lawful for want

of Form, dec.

'Form of Can-

ViClioa*

The Clauses of

the former Act

extended to this

imitation of

Actions.

fjisml Issue*

Treble Co$t.

Publick Act#

twenty Days after (Demand thereof having first been made to such Treasurer or Receiver), every such

Treasurer or Receiver shall, for every such Default or Neglect, forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons

\yho(hall be intitled to such Interest so due, and which shall pot have been paid, as aforesaid, the Sum

of twenty Pounds; such Penalty to be recovered, together with double Costs of Suit, in any of his Mar

jesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, ip which no

Efloin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the said District, or any three or more

of them, shall and may, if they think it necessary, fell, or cause to be sold, all and every the Engines and

Mills already erected by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall be erected by virtue of this Act,

within the said District, for the best Price that can be got for the fame \ and shall apply the Money arising

by such Sale to the Purposes of the said District.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and

may, if they think necessary, cause all and every the Engines and Mills already erected, by virtue of the

said former Act, within the said District, or which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, to be insured

against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Oflices, and from Time to Time to pay the Expence attend-

ingfuch Insurance out of the Monies arising out of the said former Act, or this Act, within the said District.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any.Sum or Sums of Money,

to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in

theSunimons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings, relating thereto; nor shall

the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregu-

larity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining j but the Person or Persons ag-

grieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, and the said former

Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Per-

son or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or the said former Act, so far as the fame

•relates to the said sixth District, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form

of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen, (videlicet:)

4 T^E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 Jl> A. fi. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Isle of 'Ely, of

c County of Cambridge, either on his own Confession, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or

4 Witnesses, [as the Cafe shall be,] by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

‘ Majesty King George the Third, (for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Tear

4 of the Reign of his Tate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain

4 Fen Lanas, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Towttships or Hamlets of March ana Wimblmgton, and in

4 the Parish 0/* Up well, in the lile of Ely, and County of Cambridge, sofar as the fame relates to the several Fen

4 Lands and Low Grounds lying in the sixth Dislrift, in the said Act aeferibed\) ffpecifying the Offence, an4

4 Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe shall be.]

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear above written*

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or bn

construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or take away, any of the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given

by the said former Act, to the Commissioners acting by virtue and in pursuance thereof, within the said

sixth District; but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, shall remain, and be in

the fame Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made ; any Thing herein contained to the Con-

trary thereof notwithstanding : But that all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former

Act, so far as the fame relates to the said flxth District, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this

Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act ; save only and

except such Part or Parts thereof as are altered and taken away by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced

or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act ;

every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed,

and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the said Isle of Ely, or in the

County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall

and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin may justify and avow by virtue of this A ft, as Persons

acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act, and the special Mat*

ter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had

thereupon, and that the Fast alleged to have been done was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act;

and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought aftfcr the

Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as afore-

said, then the Jury shall finafor the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants ; or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits,

or if any Verdict shall oafs against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise ; then, and in any of

the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover treble Costs, for which

he, (he, or they, shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed and allowed in all Courts

within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially

taken Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleading, the lame.

CAP.

