A. D. 1775.

Anno decimo quinto Geokgji III.

Q. 23. 283

teyed, to the Person or Persons aforesaid, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, Qiall, within the

Space of three Months, to be computed from the Date of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a

Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be for

that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk appointed by the said Guardians or Governors ; which Book

such Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be intitled to

such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law intitled to for the Registry

of a Memorial containing the fame Number of Words: And all and every Person or Persons whomsoever

not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner, as aforesaid,

or having so entered the fame, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect,

within the Space of tw> Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be forever barred of

fall Right, Title, Ufc, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possess^on, Reversion,

Remainder, or Expectancy, m, to, upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof ; and the

aid Churchwardens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of

uch Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter or Thing

whatsoever, to the contrary notwithftancing.

_ LIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right,

Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements, and

Sereditamems, by virtue of this A<5L shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, for

foney bad and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any

Person or Per Ions who received the Purchase-money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that, in every such Cafe, the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof

of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any

Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the fame, shall recover the said Purchase-money, or so muett

thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be

equivalent to the melne Profits of the Premises which they would have been intitled to recover in case this

Ad had not been made.

LV. And be it further enacted. That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other Per-

son or Persons, in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, of any Part

thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, and who shall have

no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee by Parole for a Year, or from Year

to Year, shall, at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon thePremifeS|

w so foQU after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pofleifion of the said

Premises to the said Governors or Guardians, and Churchwardens, or any Person or Persons authorised by

them, or any nine or more of them, to take Possession thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons shall

refuA to give such Pofleifion, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors,

or any nine or more of them, to ifitie their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Middle-

jixt to deliver Pofleifion of the Premises to such Person orTerfons as shall, in such Precept or Precepts, be

nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Pofleifion accordingly of

!he said Premises, and to levy such Coils as shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Preceptor

Yecepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Pofleifion as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his,

her, and their Goods and Chattels.

LVI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage

or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now being in Pofleifion thereof by virtue

of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money, and^ Interest due thereon,

or a proportionable Part thereof, in Proportion to what Sum shall be left remaining on their respective

Securities, together with three Months Interest of the said Money, so paid by the said Guardians or Go-

vernors, or any nine or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately

aifign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, or

to the said Churchwardens, or their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trust

for them; or, in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Guardians

or Governors, or any nine or more of them, that they will pay off and discharge all or any particular

Hart of the Principal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, in Proportion to

the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, at the End or Expiration of six Calendar Months, to be com-*-

puled from such Notice given; that then, at the End of the said six Calendar Months, on Payment of the

Hrincmal and Interest so due, or the Purchase-money at which the said Lands so to be purchased shall be

Valued, to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign nis, her. or their

Interest in the Premiles so purchased to the said Guardians or Governors, or such Person or Persons as

they, or any nine or more of them, shall appoint in Trust for them: And in case such Mortgagee or Mort-

gages shall refuse to aifign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such

Mortgage shall cease and determine.

LVU. And be it further enacted. That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any

such Mortgage, or such Proportion as aforesaid, into the Bank, at the End of Six Calendar Months from

fitch Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Ca(hier or Caihrers of the Bank

shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cafes of

other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Pro-

perty, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust

for him or them, of and in such purchased Lands, shall veil in the said Churchwardens, and their Suc-

ceflors, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises coniprifed in such Mort-

gage or Mortgages, of which such Puichafe shall be made, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

O 0 a LVIII. And

and if not pro-

fccutrd within

two Years, to

be fur ever dc-

l

Bat may recover

the Purchase-

money (torn the

Persons receiv-

ing the Time.

Tenants to de«

liver Possession '

alter six Months

Notice.

Mortgager, on

Tender of PrinB

cipal and Inte-

1 eft, to convey

the Premises.

On Refusal, In*

terest to cease.

On Payment of

Money into the

Bank, Premise#

vested in the

Guardians, &c«

