480 C. 26. Anno decimo lexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

No Victual!*r,

&e. to h ;ld the

Phce of Clerk,

&c.

M'ettn^ to He

l.civi annually.

TruPeW, at an-

nual Meeting*,

to make a

Pound-nte, to

be act'fflVd on the

Inhabitant!*

Ratrs not to ex*

cred 2s. in the

Pound.

I Vi rons under

JO1. >early

Rent, See. ex-

e 'nn'ed from

Rates.

Trustees to ap-

point Coll eiior 31

Their Power?*

Collectors to ac-

count to Trus-

tees,

and ply all Mo-

nies collected to

Persons appoint-

ed to receive the

fame.

Penalty.

Rates not paid

within three

Days after De-

mand, may be

levied by Di-

11 ref*.

five or more of them, shall think fit; but no Salary or Allowance whatsoever shall be made to any Trea-

Curer or Treasurers upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever; but no Victualler, or Retailer of Ale,

Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or any Place or Oiiice under

this Act.

4 IX. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may from Time to Time be raised for the Purposes

c of this Act,’ be ic further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or

more of them, lhal), and they are hereby authorised and required to meet in some convenient Place within

the Villages of Camberwell or Peckhamy upon the third Monday next after the passing of this Act, and shall

also meet annually upon the first Monday next after the Feast of Saint John the BaptijU or within seven

Days afterwards, at such Time and Place as they, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; Notice of

the Time and Place of every such annual Meeting being first given in the Parish Church of Camberwell

aforesaid on the Sunday next before every such Meeting; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of*

them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, at their first Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, and

also at all subsequent annual Meetings which shall be held in pursuance of this Act, to make a Pound rate,

to be equally assessed (towards defraying the Expences attending the watching and lighting the said Villages

and the several Roads and Places aforesaid, and of employing the said Foot Patrole, and all other the

Charges and Expences attending the obtaining of this Act, and the Execution thereof) upon all and every

Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy, any House, Shop, Warehouse,

or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, situate within the said Villages of Peckham and

Camberwell, or either of them, or within or upon any of the Roads to be lighted and watched as aforesaid,

within the Distance of a Furlong from each Side of any of the said Roads; and also upon all and every

other Person or Persons who by Law is, are, or shall be, chargeable and assessable for and towards the Re-

lief of the Poor within the Limits of this Act, according to the real improved Rent or Value of every such

House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament aforesaid (except as

herein after is excepted), for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, assembled at their first Meeting, or at any of their annual Meetings, shall order, direct, and ap-

point ; and the said Rates or Assessments shall be signed by any five of the said Trustees, and shall be paid

quarterly.

X. Provided always, That no Rate or Aflbflment directed to be made as aforesaid, shall exceed in the

Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Houses, Shops,

Warehouses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid.

XI. Provided also, That all Persons who do or shall occupy Tenements under the yearly Sum of ten

Pounds improved Rent, and who subsist only by their manual Labour, and do not keep arr open Shop for

the Sale of Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, shall be freed and exempted from the Payment of the said

Rates, or any Part thereof; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwit h (landing.

XII. And be it further enacted. That such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, shall by Writing under their Hands and Seals appoint for that Purpose, shall be, and they are

hereby appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments; and the said Collector or Col-

li stors is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to collect and levy the same accordingly:

And for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors to collect and levy the said Rates or AssessTmems,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to execute all such Warrants of

Distress as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Surrey,

against any Person or Persons who ought to pay the said Rates or Assessments, and who shall neglect or

refuse to pay the fame, in the same Manner, and as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of

the Poor, by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute Warrants of Distress granted by Justicea

of the Peace.

XU I. And be it further enacted, That the said Collector or Collectors, and each of them, shall, and

he and they is and are hereby required to make up, and render upon Oath to the said Trustees, or any five

or more of them, at some public Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto re-

quired by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing,

of all Monies collected and received by him or them by virtue of this Act, and of all Monies rated or

assessed and not received ; and to pay over the Monies so by him or them collected and received, and re-

maining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them,

present at any such public Meeting, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same,

to be applied for the several Purposes of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof: And

if the said Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay

the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in Manner as aforesaid, he and they shall be subject and liable

to such and the like Punishment as Overseers of the Poor are for Offences of the like Sort subject and

liable to.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Persons so rated or assessed, or charged or

thargeable, and made liable as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Rates or Assessments to the

Collector or Collectors for the Space of three Days after personal Demand thereof made, or demanded in

Writing left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful to

and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Surrey, upon the

Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (all which Oaths he and they is and are hereby im-

powered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) of such Demand and Non-payment, by War-

rant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals (all which Warrants he and they is and are

hereby impowered and required to grant), to authorise and direct the said Collector or Collectors to levy

such Rate or Money so in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, to be afeer-

teiined by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person

and

7

