A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii IIL C. 63.

-Sterling; to be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the converted Price of Labour, one Hilf

thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making and repairing the Roads

within the Diltrici; and in case it shall not appear who laid down the said Stone, Rubbish, and other Mate-

rials and Things last mentioned, that the Pofleflors or Occupiers of the Grounds, in which the fame shall be

laid down for the Time, shall be deemed and held, jointly and severally, to be the Layers down thereof,

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more speedy Reparation of the said

Road, or of any particular Part thereof, it shall be in the Power of and lawful to and for the said Truf-

tees in District: Meeting assembled, wherein Trustees possessed of Three-fourths of the valued Rent of such

District at lead happen to be present, by themselves or Proxies, and not otherwise, upon the Credit of the

Arid one Shilling in the Pound valued Rent leviable out of any District, or out of Part thereof, from Time

to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, the legal Interest whereof shall not exceed one Half of

the Amount of Four-fifths of the said one Shilling in the Pound which shall be levied out of the said Dif-

trift, or Parc thereof above mentioned, and to assign over the said Four-fifchs, or what Part thereof may

be necessary, for extinguishing the several Sums of Money, Principal and Interest, that shall be borrowed ;

and that Copies of such Alignment, or Abstracts thereof, shall be entered »n a Book, to be kept for that

Purpose by the Trustees, and which Assignment shall be transferable by Indorsements on the Back thereof,

or on a separate Writing ; and that the Money so borrowed shall be applied in the same Manner only as

the Money levied in such District is hereby directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons in the natural Poficfllon

of their own Lands, shall be obliged to assist, by themselves, or able-bodied Men hired by them, and with

their Men Servants, in making and repairing the Highways, in the same Manner as Tenants occupying

Lands.

4 XXII. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the Sum of ten Shillings Scots, being

4 Ten-pence Sterling, upon the one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by an

4 Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the second Parliament of King Charles the Second, and in-

4 tituled, An Act for repairing Highways and Bridges, has been inefficient for keeping the Roads and

4 Bridges in the said Shire in Repairbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be

lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees, upon the Applicaxion of Heritors possessed of Three-

fourths of the valued Rent of any District, to assess the said District in a Sum not exceeding other Ten-

pence Sterling upon every one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and that such additional Assessment

shall be certified to the Collector of Supply, or other Collector to be appointed by the Trustees, under

the Hand of the Prcfes of the said Meeting; and that the fame shall be levied by the said Collector in the

Way and Manner, and under the Regulations, herein before appointed, respecting the one Shilling in

the Pound by this present Act impowered and authorised to be levied, and shall be applied for building of

Bridges, and making and repairing the Highways, within the said District ; and that the old Afi'efirnent of

the Ten-pence Sterling on the one hundred Pounds Scots shall be and the fame is hereby reserved to the

Disposal of the General Meetings as formerly.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any sudden Da-

mage being done to a Bridge or Bridges within the fa d Shire, and which may require an immediate Sup-

port or Repair, that it shall be in the Power of any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby impowered to

give Orders for making such Support or Repairs, but so as the Sum to be expended thereupon (hdll not

.exceed five Pounds Sterling;. and that the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by the next

General Mee ing, on an Application to them for that Purpose.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so far as the unapplied Funds of the

• said Shire are not sufficient to discharge the Sums expended before the twenty-fourth Day of June,

which was in the Year one thoufajid seven hundred and seventy-four, by Authority of General Meetings

of the Commissioners of Supply, in making and repairing Bridges and Roads, that one Half thereof shall

be paid out of the Fund allowed to be levied by the before-mentioned Act of the Parliament of Scotland,

passed in the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the other Half out of the Four-fifths of the one Shilling

in the Pound Sterling of valued Rent, to be levied (under the Authority of this present Act) out of the

District in which the Money hath been expended.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums to be raised and levied by virtue

of this Act shall be applied by the said Trustees, in the first Place, to defray and pay the Charges of ob-

taining and passing this Act, and afterwards wholly and solely to the Uses and Purposes before mentioned,

and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid one Shilling in the Pound of

valued Rent, and the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall take Place from and after the passing of

this Act, and have Continuance during the Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions and Complaints for

all and any of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and for any Wrong or Injury done or

fuftered in any Matter relative to or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted,

shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is in-

curred, or Wrong done, or Injury fuftered, and not afterwards.

XXVIII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall consider themselves aggrieved by

the Sentence or Judgment of the said Trustees or Justices of the Peace, upon any of the Matters or Tnings

referred to their Deteimination, it shall and may be lawful to the said Person or Persons to appeal for Re-

tltefs to the next General Quarter Session of the said Shire, at which not fewer than five Justices shall be

pres nt, whole Judgment thereupon shall be final, and of which no Review or Appeal shall be competent.

Vox. XII. 3 D XXIX. And

3S5

TrufWi may

boirow Money,

Securities may

be aligned.

Heritors occu-

pying the.r own

Lands liab.e in

Statute Service.

Trustees may

afters the District

in an additional

Sum of 10s.

Scots on the

1001. Scot! va-

lued Rent, &c0

Sudden Damage

to Bridges, not

exceeding 5 1.

may be repaired

by the Order of

one Justice of

Peace.

Sums expended

before June *4,

1774, to be pud.

Erpencesof th:»

Act how to be

p.iJ.

Act to continue

*5 Years.

Actionr, See. for

Penalties to be

commenced

within 1% ,

Mouths.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the (Quarter Sel-

ftons f

wh oft* Judgment

dull be final.

le

