A.D. 177 6 ► Anno decima sexto Geoucii ITT. C. 34.

X. And be it* further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all Vellum* Parchment, and Paper,

pliable to the Duty of one Shilling hereby charged* wall, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand

'{even hundred and seventy-six, before the fame shall be ingrossed, written, or printed upon, be brought to

the Head Office for (tamping or marking Vellum* Parchment* and Paper \ and the said Commissioners,

by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith upon Demand to them made

by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act dircds, any Quantities or

Parcels of Vellum*. Parchment or Paper, as shall be so brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons so

bringing the fame, paying to the Receiver-general of the Stamp-ditties for the Time being, or hiY Deputy

or Cleric* the several Duties payable for the fame by virtue of this Act which Stamp or Mark, to be put

thereupon ia pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Difcba/ge for the Duty hereby payable for tho

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so damped or marked. . , . r

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the several Duties herein before granted

(hull be paid from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Du-

ties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a ieparate and distinct Account of the fe-

veeal Rates and Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising* paying, and accounting for

the fame, being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer) for the Purpose herein after expressed, at-

fitch Time* and in such Manner, as any former Duties dn damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are-

dire ded to be paid.

XII. And be it further eftaded by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Time

being shall take care that the several Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from Time to Time,

be fdfficiently furnilbed with Vellum* Parchment* and Paper, damped and marked as by this Act is di-

reded; to the End that the Subjects of his Majesty* his Heirs and Successors*. may have it in their-

Election either to buy the dune of the Officers and Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners, at

the ufital and mod common Rates above the said Duties, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment, or*

Paper* to be damped and marked as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Price of such damped Vellum*

Parchment, or Paper, shall be yearly fee, and such Price marked* and such Allowance made, on prefen*.

Payment of the said Duties for any Quantity of the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so to be.(old, in

fiidr Manned as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as~the said Commif—

lionets tie hereby directed and authorised to provide and life, shall and may be altered and renewed* in*

such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law, relating to*

damped Vtllum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who

shall hatret<ia4beir Cudody or Possession, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or*

Mark which shall he so altered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a Stamp denoting v

any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and

Allowance as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum^ Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cafes

directed*

XV, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any-Person shall counterfeit or forge,-

or procure, to be counterfeited and forged* any Seal, Stamp, os Mark, to resemble any Seal* Stamp, or

Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting

the Duties by this or any other Act of Parliament granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression

of. the foese^rwith an, Intent to defraud his Majesty* his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties

or shall utter, Vend, or fell, any Vellum,. Parchment, or Paper, or any Cards, Dice, or Newfoapers,.

liable to any Stamp-duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, knowing the fa me to be counterfeit j-or

(halt privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark* directed or allowed to be used by this or any:

other Act of Parliament relating to* the Stamprduties, with Intent to defraud his Maiedy, his Heirs and

Succedors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and befog thereof lawfully convidtd,

shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall foffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles,

Glaufea, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and ail other Matters and Things, prescribed or ap-

pointed by any,former Ad-or* Acts of Parliament relating toebe Dirties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paperi

cm which-any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed,shall be ingrossed, written, or printed* or to the

Rates and Duties on Cards* Dice, and Newspapers, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and

Effect with relation to the additional Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for

the raising* levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional'and new Rates and Duties hereby im-

posed* according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes* as if

the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to tho said additional and new

Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

4 XVII. And whereas a fraudulent Practice has prevailed of felling Cards that have been already used in^

Play, calling the fame Second-hand Cards, to the great Injury of the Revenue/ for Remedy whereof, be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Person shall* from and after the (raffing of this

Ad* fell or dispose of any Cards (by Way of Second-hand Cards) ii^Packs or Parcels, after the Wrapper*

or Cover, in which the feme have been inclosed and tied* shall have been broke open, unlefe he or she

shall, before such Sale* mark the Back or plain Side of every painted or pidured Card* in such Manner as-

to render the fame unfit to be yfed in Play every Person so offending shall, for every Pack of Cards so

foW, forfeit the Surp of five Pounds; to be recovered and diffributed in the Manner directed by an Act.

made in the twenty-ninth Year* of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting

H bit Mtqefly an. additional Duty on Cards and Diet.

XVIII. And,

539

After July 5.

1776, all Vrl.

lum,&c. liable

to the new Duty,

to be carried to

the Stamp-

office, See. be-

fere it ia primcX

or wrote on.

To whom the

Du tie a art to b*r

paid.

Commissionert*

to furni/h the

feYcrol Part* of.

the Kingdom

with stamped

Vellum, Parch-

ment, Sec. 1

The Price

whereof to be

settled yearly,

A* -

Stamp* map be -

altered and re-

newed, SUm

Any Person

counterfeiting1*-.

Stamp, Sec,

or felling Parch-

ment, Card*, Sece.

marked there- -

with,

shall suffer

Death a* a Fe»

Ion.

Power*, Penal-

tier, and For-

feiture*, of for-

mer Acts, re-

lating to the

Duties on Vel-

lum, Parch-

ment; Stc. ap-

plicabh to tht*- ,

a a. *i

Any Person fell-

ing Card* to be

played with,

after the Cover

haa been broke

open* . t

shall forfeit, for*'

each Pack, 5 lr. -

v- .

i

