323 <3,93. Anno decimo quartp Georgii III. A.D. 1774-

Froeeedfnw not

Co bfc quamed

for want of

Form.

> Writing* may

He without

Stamp*.

Limjutiop of

Action*.

TftfaU Cefi*.

*»bUckA&.

to hear a|id fioally determine every such Appeal and Appeals, and shall award to the Party pr Parties for

Whom such. Appeal foal) be determined, such Costs a? to thejn in their Difcxetion foall seem reafgnable

apd foall raise and levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Cods as foall he awarded by Distrcfs and Sale

<Sf the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who foall be ordered to pay the fame.

*‘)CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which foall he made by

any Justice or Justices, by virtue of or upder this Act, or any other Pioceedings so be had, touch ing the

Conyiftion or Convtftions of any Offender pr Offenders agaipft this Act, foall be quafoed or vacate*

for Want of Form only, or he removed or rempveable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process what-t

soever^ into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That do Cpptr^ft, Agreement, Affianmeqt, Entry.

Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be e^ecut^d, m^de, pr given, foa)l be ebatgej

or chargeable, or subject, or liable, to any Duty whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, qr Suit

commenced, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing dope in purfuanqe of this Act, or in rel^tio#

to the Premises, or any of them; every such Action, or Spit, foall be laid of brought within six Calendar

Months next after the Fast dope, and foall be laid or brought in the City of London, or the County

where the Matter foall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, p&ay

plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matters, in Evidence, at any Triad to be hid

thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by foe Authority of this A*ft: And if the fanxf

foall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit foall not be brought within foe Time before

limited, or foall be brought in any other City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid; then the Jury foajjl

find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs foall become nonsuited, or suffer 9

Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions or if a Verdict foall pass against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment foall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, foe said Defenr

dants shall have Treble Costs, ana foall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or

Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cafes by Law*

XXVI And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Pqblick*

Act; and foall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whensoever,

without spectally pleading the same*

CAP. XCII.

An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the

Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

Tremble*

Warden of the

Mint, &c. to

make Wcighti

of a, Guinea, a

Shilling, and

Multiple!

thereof j

which they are

to tjranfmit to

the Clerk of

Council in Wait-

ing j and the

fame, being con-

firmed by hi*

Majesty, are to

Mojl Gracious Sovereign,

TX/HEREAS some Provision is necessary for regulating and ascertaining, according to the efta-

VV. blifoed Standard of your Majesty’s Mint, the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold

and Silver Coin of this Realm, and it is highly expedient, for the Prevention of Frauds, that the Use

c of all other Weights, which are not just and true, according to the said Standard, foould be disallowed

may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it foall and may be lawful

for the Warden, Matter, and Comptroller, of his Majesty’s Mint, with the Assistance of the King’s Assay

Matter, and they are hereby authorised and required, without Delay, to make, or cause to be made,

one Weight of the Piece of Gold Coin of this Realm commonly called a> Guinea, and also one Weight

of the Piece of Silver Coin of this Realm called a Shilling, according to the established Standard of his

Majesty’s Mint, and also other Weights, being Parts and Multiples of the said Guinea Weight and

Shilling Weight respectively; which Weights, together with their Report of the Truth and Accuracy

thereof, they are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of his Majesty’s Council in Waiting, in order

to be laid before his Majesty in Council; and in case the said Weights foall be approved of and consumeq

by his Majesty in Council, the fame foall be remited and accepted in Law to oe the Standard Weights

of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm respectively, and the fame foall be lodged in the joint Custody,

of the Warden, Matter, and Comptroller of his Majesty’s Mint for the Time being.

b; reputed Standard Weights.

Duplicate* II* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Warden, Matter, and Comp-

thereof to be troller of his Majesty’s Mint, with the Assistance of his Majesty’s Assay Matter, foall make, or cause to

snade by the be made, in like Manner, exact Duplicates, or Copies, of the said Standard Weights of a Guinea, and

Warden, of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof, as aforesaid; and if any of the said Duplicates, or

Copies, foall hereafter, by any Accident, be destroyed, loft, or impaired, the Warden, Master, and Comp*

troller, of his Majesty "s Mint for the Time being, with the Assistance of the King’s Assay Master, are

hereby authorised and required, in like Manner, to make, or cause to be made, other exact Duplicates,

or Copies, of such of the said Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and

Multiples thereof, as shall happen to be destroyed, loft, or impaired; all which Duplicates, or Copies,

(halt be laid before his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in his or their Privy Council, in Manner herein-

before directed; and in case the fame shall be approved of and confirmed by his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, in his or their Privy Council, they foall then, by the said Master, Warden, and Comptroller,

be delivered to and lodged in the Custody gf an Officer, to be from l ime to Time appointed by his Ma-

jesty.

