223

A. D. t)74- Attn© d^cJttvb <f&arfoGfcon6ii lit. C. 93* 94*

jessy, his Heirs or Successors, for that Purpose, under his or their Sign Manual, during his or their Royal

Pleasure, with a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum 6f two hundred and fifty Pounds* to be issued and

paid by the Warden of hw Majesty’s Mint, out of the Monies arifrng by the Cfcirfage Dftties1.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fhfell and may be lawful to and for Warden, are. to

the Warden, Matter* and Comptroller, of his Majesty’s Mint, and they arc hereby authorised and re- compare the Du*

quired, once, or oftener, in every Year, by Warrant dtid^r their Hands, to summon and require such P ,cale* )etr/•

Officer, fa, to be appointed by bi$ Majesty, Xo appear before them, and produce the said Duplicates* or

Chpfes1, of the raia Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Pafts and Multiples

t'hefe'of, as aforesaid, and the fame to examine and compare with the Standard.Weights herem-b'efore __ 1

tfitefted to be' fodged in the Custody of the Warden* Matter, and Comptroller* of his Majesty’s ,Mint for

v the' Tnhe being. * ^ t

v« IV. And be it ru'rrfteV 6na'£fed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first Day of After Drc. 3?,

December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, all Weights to be made use of for weighing the *774» the

said Gold and Silver Coin, shall be’regulated and ascertained by the Duplicates, or Copies, of the said v^um^*

Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof respectively,

lodged in the Custody of the Officer before mentioned ; and after having been tried and compared there-

with, and found to be just and true, shall, in Testimony thereof, be marked by the said Officer with a

Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, to be approved of by the Master of his Majesty’s Mint; which

Stamps or Marks the said Officer is hereby directed to provide: And, in order that the Impression or tnddescribeA

Impressions made thereby may be known to all his Majesty’s Subjects, the said Officer is hereby also di- publickijr*

rested to publHh a Defcripition of the fame, by Advertisement, in the London Gazette, three Times at least

before the said thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and the said

Officer is hereby required, upon Application made to him, at all feasonable Hours, to stamp or mark, in

Manner aforesaid, all Weights to be u!ed for weighing the said Gold and Silver Coin, which shall be brought

to him for that Purpose, and which he shall find to be just and true, according to the said Duplicates, or

Copies, of the Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiplies thereof

refoeftively, hereby directed to be lodged in his Custody, without fee or Reward, and without wilful

Delay : And from and after the said thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- No other

four, no other Weights but such as shall be just and true, according to the Weights with and by which Weight* tobt

they are hereby directed to be compared and ascertained, and shall be marked in Manner before mentioned, *,lowed

Hull be reputed or accepted in Law to be true, or of any Effect for determining the Weight of the Gold or Ltw#

Silver Coin of this Realm.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Stamp PtHboieow

or Mark, to resemble any Stamp or Mark provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit

or resemble the Impression of any such Stamp or Mark, as aforesaid, on any such Weight or Weights, as StM^p,

aforesaid ; or shall utter, vend, or fell, any such Weight or Weights, with the Impression of such counter- 9

feit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited ; or shall wilfully increase or diminish

any such Weight, after it has been stamped or marked in Manner before directed ; or shall make use of any

such Weight in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, knowing the fame to have been so in-

created or diminished; every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, upon Conviction flull forfeit go!•

thereof, before any two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, or Place, where or be commit*

such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby authorised and directed to inquire into the fame, forfeit ter $ Month*

and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justices; one Moiety

thereof to go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall inform or sue

for the fame; and, on Default of Payment, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to

commit every such Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding'

three Months.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to Not to abridge

extend, to take away or abridge any Rights, Powers, Privileges, or Profits, granted by his late Majesty the Letter*Pa*

King James the First, by Letters Patent, in the twelfth Year of his Reign, to the Master, Wardens, and tc°ttl!*JK,<^

Commonalty of the Mystery of Founders in the City of London, and which they may lawfully claim or c^p*®*

enjoy^ with respect to the fizing and marking of all Manner of Brass Weights mace or wrought within the F

said City of London, or within three Miles compass thereof, or which shall be fold, uttered, or kept for

Sale within the said City of London, or three Miles Compass thereof.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That the Weights herein before directed to be made use of for weighing After th«

the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, after having been sized and marked according to the Directions tm

of the said Charter, be carried to be ascertained ana marked in Manner herein-before directed, by the they

Officer appointed by his Majesty for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Powers given by This Act. me to be

CAP. XCIII.

tained ia p«v*

fuanct hereof

An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish ofLnuiJbamin the County of Kent,

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, erecting at Tcxtiih Pari, in the Parifll of ,

near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of

CAP,

