A.D. 1775.

Anno decimo qumto Georgii III.

C. 48,

3 33

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-second Yea* of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, For laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon

every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be fold or , , brought in% or tapped

for Salty within the Town 0/Anftruther Easter, and Liberties thereof

W HEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the^ Reign of his late Majesty King

w ^ , Pre*mb|e.

George the Second (intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint A a n Geo. II.

* of Beer and Ale which shall be fold or vended, brewed, brought in% or tapped for Sale, within the Town of wcite4*

* Anftruther Easter, and Liberties thereof), an Imposition or Duty of Two Pennies Scots9 or One-sixth

4 Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excise paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs

4 or Successors), was granted and laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that should be either brewed,

4 brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Anftruther Easter, or the Liberties thereof, and

4 the said Duty is directed to be applied to the Purposes, ana levied in the Manner, mentioned in the said

4 Act; and which is declared to take place, and to have Continuance only, from and after the first Day

4 of August, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, for and during the Term of twenty-five Years, 0

4 and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Purposes for which the said

4 Duty* was granted are not yet completed, and the aforesaid Act being now almost expired, a Pro long a-

4 tion of the lame would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Burgh of Anftruther Easter

4 and to the Publick \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may. be enacted ; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern- ,

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same. That the and father con*

Imposition or Duty, granted and made payable by the said recited Act, upon Ale and Beer, that shall be tiauedforag-

cither brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Anftruther Easter% or Liberties Y4ar#*

thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said Act, be further continued,

raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable, to the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough

of Anftruther Easter, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to such Col*

leftors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this present Act, be by them, or'

the major Part of them, appointed and impowered, for the Use and Behoof of the said Borough, for the*

further Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par—

liament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition or Duty shall,*

during the additional Term granted by this Act, be raised, levied, and collected, from the same Persons,

and by the fame Means and Methods, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for,

paid, and applied, to and for the same Uses and Purposes; and that the said Magistrates and Town Coun-

cil of the said Borough of Anftruther Easter be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the fame

Powers, and subject to the lame Rules and Directions, as are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited

Act; and that the said Act, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained,

shall be of the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for railing, collecting,.securing, and

levying, the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in

the said recited Act, so far as these are not already executed, for and duriflg the additional Term of Years

for which the (lime are hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if th6 laid recited Act was particularly

and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act* except as is herein after men*

tioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of No Brewer wfth-

this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Brewer or Seller of °«t^e Borough

Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough of Anftruther Eqfter% and

Liberties thereof, to import or fell any Beer or Ale into or in the said Borough, or Liberties thereof,

vinlefs he, (he, or they, do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of the said Borough, or their CoIIeftor

of the said Duty, at his Office, and agree to be subjected to and charged with the Payment of the said

Duty, for all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, livingor

carrying on his, her, or their Brewery without the said Borough and Liberties thereof $ and that every

such Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, who shall import or fell any Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough,

and Liberties thereof, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed, as aforesaid, being thereof

duly convicted before any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the reace, shall be charged with and

liable to the Payment of the said Duty to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Borough,

or their CoIIeftor, for all Ale and Beer brewed by him, her, or them, for the Space of twelve Months

immediately preceding his, her, or their committing such Offence, and in all Times thereafter during the-

Continuance of thi^ Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Remedies and Execution Besides tbs Rs*

Kanted and provided by the said recited Act, for levying, recovering, and making effectual, the several. medie* famerir

ates. Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued, the said Provost, Magistrates, and Town ,.4f3r"

Council, and their Collectors, shall, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during jjj*

the Continuance thereof, be intitled to use all such other Methods, Remedies, and Execution, against the 7

Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rates, Duties, and Impafitions* as is competent

by the Law of Scotland to the Magistrates and Town Council, of Royal Boroughs, and their Collectors,

fox recovering the ordinary Revenues of fuchBurghs«~

z. V: And'

Tbt aforesaid

Duty, during the

additional Terra,

to be raised and

applied in the

same Manner,

and the Magi*

A rates, ftc. to

continue Tru£»

tee», with the

fame Powertj&c.

as are granted in

the former Act,

may bring in

Beer, Sec. for

Sale, unlcfj he

gire previous

Notice, and agree

to pay the Duty,.

Penalty tot of*

fending.

medy ct

by the Law of

Scotland may

ufeL

<

i

