316 C. 30.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

or (Tull do any

Thing contrary

to the rrc ited

Act of 6 Geo. I.

then this A ft

to become void.

John Liardet,

&c. to cause a

Specification of

the Nature of

his Invention

to be inrcJled in

Chancery, with-

in 4 Months,

rr to lofc the

Benefit of this

Art.

PukJc Act.

his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns 5 or shall, by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Ser-

vants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, of any Number of Persons exceeding in the

Whole the Number of Five, for-such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corpo-

rate-Body, or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby vetted in the said John Liardet t

hiS’Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of Five;

or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, du-

ing such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title either in Law or Equity, which

shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an A dt of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Ael for the better securing certain Powers

and Privileges, intended to be granted by his Majesty by two Chapters, for AJjurance of Ships and Merchandiftt

at Sea^ and for lending Aloney upon Bottomry; and for refraining fever a I extravagant and unwarrantable

Practices therein mentioned); or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become

vetted in, or in Trutt for, more than the Number of five Persons or their Representatives at anyone

Time, otherwise than by Devise or Succession, (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the

single Persons whom they represent, as to such Interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such

their Testator or Inteftace) that then, and in every of the said Cafes, all Liberties and Advantages what-

soever, hereby vetted in the said John Liardet, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall utterly

cease, determine, and become void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That if the said

John Liardet^ his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or some or one of them, {hall not particularly

describe and ascertain the Nature of his said Invention in its present improved State, and in what Manner

the fame is to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and cause the fame to

be inroiled in the High Court of Chancery, within four Calendar Months after the patting of this Act; that

then all the Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, hereby veiled in the said John Liardet, his

Executors, Administrators, and Attigns, shall cease, determine, and be and become absolutely void, any

Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act {hall be adjudged, deemed, and

taken to be a Public Act; and {hall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer, and to repeal several former

Statutes made for the like Purpose.

Preamble. \X 7 HEREAS the Statutes now in Force for the Discovery and Punishmenfc of Deer Stealers are

€ VV numerous, and many of them ineffectual: And whereas the good Purposes thereby intended

4 might be better effedied, if such of the said Statutes as are found to be defective were repealed, and such

4 good Provisions as are therein contained, together with such further Provisions as may be expedient,

4 were reduced into one Ad be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Penalty on Per- assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Person or Persons {hall course or hunt, or {hall

fons shall take in any Slip, Noofc, Toyle, or Snare, or shall kill, wound, or destroy, or {hall (hoot at, or other-

wruRd or flicot w^e altemPt to kill, wound, or destroy, or {hall carry away, any Red or Fallow Deer, in any Forest,

irZ&c.’any Fai Chafe, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or

low Daer, in any other inclosed Ground, where Deer are, have been, or {hall be usually kept, without the Consent of the

Forest, park. Owner, or without being otherwise duly authorised, or shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting therein or

£fC*n'*dth|°Ul thereunto, every Person so offending, by coursing, hunting, (hooting at, or otherwise attempting to kill,

tborf>.-d/ wound, or destroy, or by aiding therein or thereunto, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of

twenty Pounds; and every Person so offending by killing, wounding, or destroying, or by taking in any

Slip, Noose, Toyle, or Snare, or by carrying away, or by aiding therein respectively, shall, for every Deer (o

wounded, killed, destroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds; and if the

Offender in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall be a Keeper of, or Person in any Manner entrusted with the

Custody or Care of Deer, in the Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, ancient Walk, or inclosed Park, Paddock, or

Wood, or other inclosed Place, where the Offence {hall be committed, every such Offender shall forfeit

and pay double the Penalty herein before appointed to be paid by other Offenders; and if any Person or

Persons, after having been convicted of any of the aforesaid Offences, shall offend a second Time against

this Act, by committing any of the aforesaid Offences, such second Offence, whether it be the fame as the

first Offence, or be any other of the aforesaid Offences, shall be deemed and adjudged to be Felony, and

the Person guilty thereof, being lawfully convicted upon Indictment, {hall be transported to one of his

Majesty’s Plantations in America for the Space of seven Years.

Persons convict- 11. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hath been, or, before the Commencement of this

d under forrrer Act, shall be, convicted under any Statute now in Force, for unlawfully hunting, courting, killing,

taking, or carrying away, any Deer out of any Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock,

So Penalties, Ac. Wood, or inclosed Ground, shall be subject and liable to the several Pains and Penalties by such Statute

provided, in like Manner as if this Act had not been made; and in case any such Offender shall, after the

Commencement of this Act, be guilty and convicted of any of the aforesaid Offences against this AcJt

(ihe legal Proof of such first or former Conviction having been first made), every such Person shall he

deemed and adjudged to have committed a second Offence against this Act, in like Manner as if this Act

had

