C. 41, 42. Anno deciroo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774*

Suing of Rights

to Bobirs Poll*

title., ice.

Publick Act.

and may, by and out of the said Trust-monies and Premises, retain to and reimburse themselves all Costs*

Charges, and Expences, that they rcl'pe£lively shall and may sustain, expend, or be put unto, in and

about the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them repoled, and the Execution and Management thereof,

or any-ways touching or concerning the fame.

VliL Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and

their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except his Majesty, rhis Heirs

and Successors), all such Ellate, Right, Title, incereit. Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand what-

soever, of, in, to, or out of the said Estates and Premises hereby vested as aforesaid, every or any Part

thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing this AS, or could or might have had and

enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

iX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, a Publick

Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever*

without specially pleading the same*

CAP. XLI.

An Act for further continuing so much of two Acts, made in the sixth and thirteenth Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain free

Ports in the I (land of Jamaica.

W1 HEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

Atx co. 3. c jy (intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands trf Jamaica and Dominica,

4 for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting certain Duties

4 to defray the Expences of opening? maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports \ for ascertaining the

4 Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the J'aid IJ1 and of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for

4 securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said If and into any other British Colony ;) which was to

4 continue in Force until the first Day of September, one thousand leven hundred and seventy-three, and

4 from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the

and Act 13 4 thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was amended, and such Parts thereof as relate to the said

Ceo. 3. 4 Island of Jamaica were continued until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

4 four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the further Con-

4 tinuance of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the Island of Jamaica, will be highly beneficial to

the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

Mtinued, so far rity of the fame. That the said Acis, and every Thing therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the

a« they relate to said Island of Jamaica, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, until the first Day of November,

Jamaica, until onc thousand Icven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

Nov.i, i7So, liament.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Coim*

tries, into Great Britain or Ireland , and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain

Sum.

Prembic. 4 \X7 HEREAS onsiderable Quantities of old Silver Coin of this Realm, or Coin purporting to

such, greatly below the Standard of the Mint in Weight, have been lately imported into this

4 Kingdom, and it is expedient that some Provision should now be made to prevent a Practice which may

4 be carried on at this Time, to the very great Detriment of the Publick be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after

^fter June 1, the first Day of juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, all Silver Coin of this Realm, or any

ofttmKin ^om Money purporting to be the Silver Coin of this Realm, which is not of the cftahliftied Standard of the Mint

or purposing so *n Weight and Finenefs, shall be prohibited to be imported or brought into the Kingdoms of Great Britain

to be, not of the or Ireland f/ovn Foreign Countries; and if any Silver Coin being, or purporting to be, the Coin of this

establUhed Sun- Realm, exceeding in Amount the Sum of five Pounds, shall be found, by any Officer of his Majesty’s

dard, prohibi cd Customs, on board any Ship or Vefl'el, in any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek, or in any Boat, Barge,

into thii°KUi«r. dr other Vessel, upon the Water, within the said Kingdoms, or in the Custody of any Person coming

dom; difetfly from the Waterside, or upon the Information of one or more Person or Persons in any House,

and aft fuchCoin Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, Room, or other Place, on a Search there made in such Manner as in and by

fruod in Shipv an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act

°n Search, for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs % is mentioned and directed, if such

14Car”*, to be Search is made in Great Britain, or according to the Manner directed by any Act of Parliament made in

seized, and com- Ireland, relative to the fearebing for uncustomed and prohibited Goods in that Kingdom, if such Search is

mitted to the made there, it shall and may b: lawful for such Officer to flop and put such Coin in his Majesty’s Custom-

Ciiftomhivjfe house Warehouse, in the Port next to the Place where such Stop shall be made: And if it shall appear*

i^*febKUc i upon Examination there, to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, of the said Port or

CoiaUthceftL. P^cc> such Siver Coin is of the established Standard of the Mint in Weight and Finenefs, the fame

$ shall*

