212

‘Directors and

Goverrors of the

Watch to meet

annually, or

ofieacr j

and to make

Rules and Or-

der!.

Trustees to ap-

point Collectors;

and allow them

6 d. per Pound.

Collectors to

find Security.

Trecntors of

CoikCtors to de

liver np Papers,

A c. on pain of

iorfeiiini 501.

Ore in ;

'i f 1 * rr.r rt t^ l<

r * t d f • i h .U-

fell me i»!;.

Goods of Loci-

£ers in any

C. 90. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774^

rities thereby enacted and given to the said Trustees elected and chosen, and to be elected and chosen, in-

and for the (aft-mentioned Liberty, were herein expressed, enacted, and given, to the said Vestrymen for

the said united Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomjbury, to be by them, or any

seven or more of them, used and exercised in their said united Parishes, and to the Trustees, to be elected

and chosen as aforesaid, in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, to be by them, or any five or

more of them, and to the Trustees to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, in and for the said Precinct of the

Savoy, to be by them, or any three or more of them, used and exercised within the said Parish of Saint

Mary k Strand and the said Precinct of the Savoy respectively.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Directors or Governors of the Watch for the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes>

and the Trustees to be elected and chosen in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, if they, or ther

Majority of them, shall agree and so think fit, to assemble and meet together, attended by the Vestry

Clerks of both the said Parishes, annually or oftener, in the Vestry-room of the said Parish of Saint Clement

Danes, by general Summons of the Whole of them, or other Notice, to be agreed upon at the Time or

Times in and by the said Statute of the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, appointed for the

making general Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Government of the Nightly Watch and Beadles

within the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes ; and the said Directors, or Governors and Trustees, or the

major Part of them, so assembled, may and {hall, if they shall so think fit, join together, and, as one Body,

make and set down, in Writing, such and the lame Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be observed by

the Constables, and by tke Nightly Watch and Beadles of and in both the said Parishes of Saint Clement

Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, as well all such I arts thereof as are and lie in the Duchy of Lancaster, i;i

the County of Middlesex, as in the Liberty of IFeJlminster, during their respective Times of watching, as

at every such Meeting shall be agreed gpon by the major Part of such Directors, or Governors, and Truf-

tees, then and there assembled; and to cause Copies or Transeripts of such Rules, Orders, and Regula-

tions, to be fairly written or printed, and signed by both the said Vestry Clerks, to be delivered to the

Constables and Beadles of the said Parishes.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Vestries, Trustees, or other

Persons, authorised to exercise the Powers of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, or any Number

of them, hereby, or by any of the said former Acts, impowered, are hereby authorised and required to

nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors of any Rate or Rates, or any Part or Parts of such Rate or

Rates; and by or out of the Rates or Assessments, to be made and collected as aforefad, to make such Al-

lowance or Allowances to such Collector or Collectors respectively, for his or their Trouble in collecting

the Hme, as they shall think fit, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, of the clear neat Monies collediecK

by such Collector or Collcdkus.

XXVII. Provided, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every such Collector who shall accept,

or agree to accept, any Allowance for collecting any such Rate or Rates, Assess’ment or Assessments, shall

£ive Security by Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Penalty, to three or more of the Vestry,

jTruiiees, Directors, or Governors, or other Persons hereby or by the said former Acts authorised to exe-

cute the Powers of this Act, and of the said former Acts respectively, or to such other Person or Persons as

shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, well and faithfully to account for and pay the Monies by

them collected, or otherwise received, to such Person or Persons as the said Vestries, Trustees, or other

Persons, authorised as aforesaid, or a Majority of them, assembled at any of their Meetings, {hall autho-

rife and direct to receive the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person, appointed to receive or collect any Money

by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts, shall die, before he shall have fully paid and satisfied

all the Monies by him received by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts ; then, and in every

such Cafe, the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Reprefenrative or Reprelentatives, of every such

Person so dying as aforesaid, {hall, within forty Days after they {hall be required so to do, deliver up to

the said Vestries, Trustees, or other Person authorised by them to receive the tame, all Rates, Assessments*

Books, Papers, and all other Things concerning his said Oftice, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty

Pounds, over and above what shall be in his Hands, on refusing or neglecting to deliver the fame within

the Time before mentioned ; which said Penalty shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods

and Chattels of such Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representative or Reprelentatives, so refu-

ting and neglecting; and {hall also pay to such Person or persons as the said Vestries, Trustees, or other

Persons, authorised as aforesaid, {hall appoint to receive the same, all such Sums of Money remaining due,

which he received by virtue of his said Office at the Time of his Death ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the

fi d Vestries, Trustees, or other Persons authorised to receive the same, {hall be a good Dftcharge for the

fa d Money.

* XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any House or Tenement shall be occupied in dif-

r ft j\nt Apartments, Rooms, or Lodgings, by distindt and fepa,ate Families, Lodgers, or Inmates, anyone

or more of such Lodgers or Inmates, or any one of any such Families, or the Landlord or Owner of such

Iicu'.i* or Tenement, shall be charged with the whole Assessment or Ash-ffments to be rated and afiefled on

the said House or Tenement; and, in calc of Nonpayment, the Sum so to be a fie fled shall and may be

levied and recovered upon, from, or against, such Landlord or Owner, or any one or more of the Inhabit

nvs or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House or Tenement, in the fame or like Manner as other

L-c.s cr Sums to be ailelied by the Afihflment and Assessments directed by this A cl, or any of the said

t n\nr Act*.., to be made, or herein or in and by the said former Acts appointed to be levied and reco-

\ c r a \

XX a. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goods and Chattels of every

Peril, n, being in any House let furniftud, or any separate Apartment, Room, or Lodging, in any House

let

e

