6o6

C. 53*

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

or harbouring

any of the Poor

who bare ab-

le ended, &c.

Penalty on Per-

Tons opposing

the Execution

of this A&.

Cr minions not

to bequashed for

wtiktof Form.

Form of Cost-

vi&iocw

laid Guardians at Tome such Weekly Meeting or in case any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive,

entertain, keep, or conceal, any of the said Poor under the Care of the said Guardians, who shall have

absconded, eloped, or defefted from the said House ot Industry without the Privity and Consent of the

said Guardians, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being convicted of any of the Offences

afore said, on his or her own Confession in Writing, or upon the Oath of any one Witness before any one

Justice of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the said Ijle of Wight, shall for-

feit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and besides the Value of the Goods,

Cattle, Chattels, Apparel, or Materials, so bought, received, or taken, into his, her, or their Custody,

to be estimated at the Price the fame were originally bought for when new for the Use of the said Cor-

poration.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, by open Force and Violence, hinder, or

endeavour to hinder, the lawful Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities veiled in any of the

Officers, or Members of this Corporation, by virtue of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted, on Oath

of one Witness, before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division of the Ijle

of Wight, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds,

nor lets than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the said Corporation, to be levied by Distress and Sale; and

if sufficiem Distress cannot be found, every such Person shall be committed to the House of Correction

at Newport, within the said liland^ and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar

Months

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Conviction and Convictions for any Penalty

whatsoever, in pursuance of this Act, and in anywise relating to the said Corporation, shall be drawn up

in the following Manner, or in Words to the fame Effect, and shall not be quashed, or vacated, or any

Advantage taken thereof, for want of Form.

Fenaltle* tf»4

Forfeitures how

to be recovered*

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter

Sedions j

whose Deter-

mination shall

be final.

Justices to pro-

ceed on Com-

plaint of Di-

rectors, dec.

Governors or

Steads may

ft aJ Peace Of-

ficer?. '

: on the

for

Day of in the Year

is [or are] convicted before

[Specifying the Offence and

T/U of nngbt,} « I) E it remembered, That

Falls as the Cafe shall be.]

Given under ' Hand and Seal, [or Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year aforesaid.9

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted, directed, and

made payable to the Use of the said Corporation, as are herein mentioned and expressed (except in such Cafes

where it is hereby otherwise ordered) and also all such other pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever,

which shall be inflicted and appointed by any Bye-law or Ordinance to be made by the said Corporation, pur*,

suant to the Power hereby given, shall and may be severally recovered, and are hereby directed and impower-

ed to be severally recovered, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person having in*

curred any such Forfeitures, and being thereof convicted, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the

Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, acting for the

Division of the Ijle of Wight, together with the Costs of Distress, to be ascertained by such Justices (who

are hereby severally impowered and required, upon the Application of any Person, by Order of the said

Directors and acting Guardians, to issue and grant such Warrant or Warrants, in case such Penalty or.

Forfeiture shall not be paid, or Notice of Appeal given, within ten Days after such Conviction ;) and in.

case such sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justices, by

Warrant under their Hands and Seals, upon the like Application, to apprehend any such Offender or Of-

fenders , and by virtue of such Warrant tocause such Offender to be committed to the House of Correction

at Newport, in the Ijle of Wight, for such Space of Time as such Justices by such Warrant shall appoint,

not exceeding three Months, unless he or they shall sooner pay such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with

the Charges attending the Proceedings against him or them, to be ascertained by such Justices, as afore-

said.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes of Penalties and Forfeitures given by

this Act, to be levied by Distress and Sale, on Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices (except

where an Appeal is expressly taken away by the Provisions of this Act), it shall and may be lawful for

any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, to appeal to the next General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County at Winchejlery against such Conviction, on

giving Notice to the Directors and acting Guardians of such Appeal, and entering into a Recognizance

of ten Pounds, with sufficient Sureties, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said

County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the Jfe of IVighty upon Condition to prosecute such

Appeal; and, in case the said Conviction shall be confirmed, to pay the Costs and Charges of the said

Directors and acting Guardians attending such Appeal, to be allowed by such Justices; and the Justices ac

such Session assembled shall and may hear and finally determine such Appeal, and may mitigate, or set

aside, such Penalties, in such Manner, and award such reasonable Costs to either Party, as they shall

think proper.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where one or more

Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are impowered, by the Laws now in being, to proceed on the Com-

plaint of the Churchwaidens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, or of any of them, it

shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby

required to proceed on the Complaint of any of the said Directors or acting Guardians, Governors or

Stewards for the Time being, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Com-

plaint had been made by such Churchwardens, or Overseers, or any of them: And, for the better and

more easy Execution of the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, all Warrants issued by any

Justice

