A.D. 1774. .Anno decimo quarto,CrEOftGJi III*

C. 91J 219

men, See. to be

mcred among

the Records of

Premises, and for whose Use, the fame is or are received9 to such Person as fluff. pay any such Sum or

Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authqrlty aforesaid, That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sen- Vefdia*«nd

tences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings, of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Tuftices, Decree* of dm

as aforesaid, respectively, and Juries, as relate to or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Court of Alder#

spent?, so to be purqhafed as aforesaid ; and a{I Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank

shall give for any Sum or Sum? of paid ioCo the Bank, in coefequence of any such Verdicft and __________

Judgment, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or General tbc/aid Court,

Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of MiddUfe*, or the said County of Surrey^ as the Cafe shall

happen to be 5 and the (add Verdifls, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, and other Proceedings,

<hafi be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever * and the feme, or true *nd to be deemed

Copies thereof, shall be deemqd and taken to be good and c€ectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Evidcact.

Courts of Daw or Equity whatsoever; and all Pcjrfoos (ba)l and may have Recoinfe to the feme gratis^

*nd take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, pot exceeding .two hundred Words, Sixpence, and so

proportionally for any greater or lesser Number of Words ; and immediately after finch Vcrdi£fs, Judge-

ments, Sentence?, Decrees, Orders, and other PxoceediiMs of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen,

or tuftices, as aforesaid, respectively,. and Juries, apd cf Inch Receipt or Receipt* of the said C a (liter or

Cashiers, as aforesaid* all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Twft, Property, Qaim, and Demand,

in Law and Equity, of the Person or Perfotw for whose Use such Money shall be paid jn, to, and out of

the said Lands, Tenement?. Hereditaments, and Premises* shall vjeft.in the said Mayor, and Commonalty,

and Citizensj and they flfell be deemed in Law to be in the actual Pofibffion thereof, to all Intents and

Purposes whadoever, a? fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Preimfes bad

actually conveyed the feme by Lease and Relgafe, Bargain and Sale iorolled, Feoffment with Livery ant)

S^ifin. Fine and Recovery, or apy. other lepl Conveyance whatihever and such Payment shall not only

bar all Right, Tide, Inhered, Claim* and Demand, of the Person or Persona to whose Use such Pay-

ments were made, hut ajfp shall extend to^ and be deemed and conftnued to ;bar the Dower and Dowers

9f the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estate* Tail, in Rieverfioa or Remainder,

against dte Issue and Issues of such Person and Peifoniu and every Person claiming tinder them, as effec-

tually a? a Fine or Recovery would do, if levied or fufftred .by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

VIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, Court of Mtr-

after such Payment into the Bank, and Entry of the.Receipt aforesaid, at the Petition of any Person of ®*r

Persons in Pofleilion of such-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to place out or invest, or to cause to y^VonGo.

be placed out or invested, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in feme of the publick vernmentSeau

Funds, or on Government Security, at Interest, in the Name or Names of any Person or. Persons audio- nty.

tifed and appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and

assign the fame to such Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Con-

veyances thereof i and, in the mean time, in Trust, to pay the foterest' and Dividends arising therefrom

to such person or Persons who was or were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the said Pay-

ment into the Bank*

IX. Provided always, and it. is hereby enacted* That all and every Person or Persons, who would be Perron* intltki

intided to recoycr the mesne Profits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case to recover in-

the fame had not been so conveyed to, or veiled in, the said Mayor* and Commonalty, and Citizens as *&ioa

aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to trife from such Interests and Dividends, as 0

aforesaidi by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same;

and the said Court of Mayor.and Aldermen are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Order, as

aforesaid, on the Bank, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall

be necessary, in order to the fame being so invested in publick Securities; and the said Mayor, and Com-

mopahy, and Citizens, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any

Court of Law or Equity for the Money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than accord-

ing to the Purport and true Meaning of this A&.

X. And be it. further enacted. That in case any Feme-covert is or shall be seised in Fee-simple, or ^e™\co™rt

ip Tail General or Special, of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, as fe,f-a ,n Fec-

aforefakfe by the feld Mayos, and Gommonalty, and Citizens, or of any Interest in the fame, to her fepa- her Purchase-

ip Tail General or Special, of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, as

aforesaid, by the feld Mayor, and Gommonalty, and Citizens, or of any Interest in the fame, to her fepa- herPu’rchae-

rate Use, fifoe from,the Controid or intermeddling of her Hu(band,xhe Purchase-money arising from the monry paid to

Sale of such Estate, or Interest of such Feme-covert, on the Conveyance of such Estate or Interest to whomiheftuU

the fefo Mayor, and Commonalty* and Citizens, shall be paid cither to the Husband of such Feme-covert,

at her Request, or to such Person or Person* as (he shall, by Writing under her Hand, nominate to

xesjeeive *he fame, in Trust, to be reiavefted in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and

settled for such Use, Estate, and Interest, as the said Feme-covert had in the Premises so purchased by the

ibid Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens*.

XI. And be it further ena<Sed by the Authority aforesaid, That the principal Money arising from Purchasemoney

the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* which &all be purchased for any of the Purposes ot ^ndst° be

of this A«£t, of or from any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or bole, Feoffees in*

Trust, Guardians, Coranpittecs, or.other Tru(foe9> or from any Femercovertv(hall be paid to such Persons as «awoiuu * "

they shall respectively nominate io receive the feme, in Trust, with all convenient Speed then afterwards

to be reipvefted in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and

settled to, and upon, and subject to the likeUfes, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, a*

the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament?, which shall be purchased from them jefpedlively by the said

Mayor, and Commonalty/ and Citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at '

% - F f a the

