174 C.78.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

ners any Time

within 6 Years,

on Demand :

but if Sa’e of

old Materials be

infuflicient. Ow

tiers or Occu-

piers to make

good the Defici-

ency.

Landlords to al

low Deficiencies

paid by the Te-

nants.

Precinct, or Place, be appointed, then such Overplus shall be added to the Monies raised and collected by

virtue of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, and accounted

for as such.'

Overplus arising LXXI. Provided nevertheless, That any such Owner % his or her Executors or Administrators, shall and

be ah*d Sao to may» at any Time or Times within~the Term of_six Years then afterwards, be intitLd to have and re-

ceive such Overplus from the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of such Parish,

Precincft, or Place, within ten Days after Demand thereof personally made by such Owner, his or her

Executors or Administrators; and every such Churchwarden or Overseer is hereby required to pay the ,

fame accordingly out of any Monies raised, or to be raised, by any Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor,

and shall be allowed the Payment thereof in any Account to oe by hsm madeT with the Vestry, Inhabitants,

and Parishioners of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, or the future Overseer or Overseers thereof: And

if it happens that the Monies arising by such Sale shall fall short. andare deficient to repay and satisfy"all

such Charges, then such Deficiency mall, trom 1'ime to Time, he paid by the Owner or Owners of every

such House or Building, if known, and to be met with ; and if such Owner or Owners, on Demand

thereof, neglecSt or refuse; to pay the fame, then such Deficiency may be levied by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal of the Mayor of the said City of London for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for

the fame City, or under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middle-

!exy or County of Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of his Majesty’s Tower of London

Vs the Cafe shall be), by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, if any

such can be found : And if no such Owner or Owners can be met with, or, being met with, shall not on

Demand pay the said Deficiency, and no sufficient Distress of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels can be

mer with wherefrom such Deficiency of such Costs and Charges may be levied and recovered; then the

Person or Persons who shall at any Time then after occupy any such House or Building, or the Ground

where the lame Hood, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay TnJHeduSTthe fame out of the Rent

thereof; and if he, (he, or they, neglect or refuse to pay such Deficiency of Charges, then the fame shall,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or any other

Justice of the Peace for the fame City, or under the Hands and Seals of two or more such Justices of the

Peace as aforesaid, be levied by Distress and Sale of* the Goods and Chattels of any Occupier or Occupiers

of the Premises, together with the Costs of every such Distress and Sale ; and the Owner or Owners of the

Premises is and are hereby required to allow to every such Occupier or Occupiers all such Deficiencies and

Charges which he, (he, or they, shall so pay, or which shall be recovered or levied by Distress and Sale

from him, her, or them, as aforesaid * out of any Rent which shall become due for the said Premises, or any

Part thereof; and every Occupier paying any such Deficiency and Charges shall be acquitted and discharged

for so much Money as he, (he, or they, so pay, in the same Manner as if the fame had been actually paid

to such Person or persons to whom his, her, or their Rents were due, and should have been paid ; and all

Money received or recovered on the Account aforesaid, for or in respect of any such House or Building

within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City, and

be by him, from Time to Time, placed to the Credit of the Cacti of the said City of London; and all

Money on the Account aforesaid from Time to Time received or recovered, for or in respect of any such

House or Building in any Part of the Limits aforesaid, other than the said City of London, and the Liber-

ties thereof, shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the Parish,

Precintf, or Place, where such House or Building so presented is situated, and shall be placed to the Ac-

count of the said Parish, in Aid of such or a like Kate or Fund, out of which the Expences and Charges fp

received or recovered were originally disbursed.

4 LXXII. And whereas the distilling Turpentine, and the drawing off the Oil of Turpentine and Rosin

4 by distilling Turpentine, and the boiling the said Oil and Turpentine together for making Varnish, within

4 the Limits aforesaid, may prove of dangerous Consequence to the Neighbourhood where every such

4 Practice is used :* For preventing thereof For the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That

from and after the fafd twenty-fourth Day of June, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to distjl

or boil any Turpentine, or to draw any Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by distilling Turpentine, or to boil

any Oil and Turpentine together, above the Quantity of ten Gallons at one Time, of all or any of the

said Commodities, within the Limits aforesaid, in any Workhouse or Place contiguous to any other Build-

ing, or in any Place nearer to any other Building than the Distance of fifty Feet, at the least, upon Pain

that every Person offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred

Pounds ; every of which Forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherem-no

Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety

whereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, wherein the Offence ww-coni-

mitted, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

LXXIII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to pi event Shipwrights,Barge-

builders, Boat-builders, or Mast-makers, or other Persons employed in building or repairing Ships, Barges,

Boats, or other Vessels, near the RiverThames^ from boiling or mixing Oil and other Materials for the

Purpose of paying Ships, Barges, Boats, or Mads.

4 LXXIV. And whereas the having a sufficient Number of Fire Engines kept in known publick Places,

4 and at convenient Distances from each other, and ready to be brought forth as Occasion may require 5

4 and the supplying such Engines with Plenty of Water; and the giving Encouragement to Engineers and

4 others to bring forth, use, and work such Engines, may tend greatly to lefTen the Mischiefs happening

4 by Fire ; and the having proper Ladders kept in known publick Places, ready to be brought forth, may

4 facilitate the Escape of the Inhabitants from Houses on Fire;’ be it enacSed by the Authority aforesaid.

That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, k shall and may be lawful to and for the Church-

wardens

Not more thab

10 Gallons of

Turpentine may

'be dim I Jed at

once in Houses

contiguous to

• others.

Penalty.

Shipwrights,'

See. excepted.

Tire Engines and

Ladders to be

kept in known

Places,

Googte*

