576

Printed Copies

of this Act to be

transmiited, by

George White

Esquire, to the

Clerics of the

Peace, Sec. in

England and

Wales, to be di-

ftributed

amongst the Juf-

tices, Sec,

Returns made

by Overseers to

be transmitted to

the Clerk of the

Parliaments.

Justice*, be-

tween the Mid-

summer Session

and G£h to,

1776, to appoint

■ Meeting, and

give Notice to

Overseers to at-

tend them, &c.

Overseers to give

in Answers and

Returns agree-

able to, and

to take the Oath

contained in, the

Schedule, See.

Justices to deli-

ver the Answera

and Returna to

High Con-

stables.

The Duty of

' High Constablea

inputting this

Ad in Execu-

tion.

Penalty for Ne-

gled thereof.

Overseers to at-

tend the Justice*

at Meetings,

and deliver, in

Writing, true

Answer3 and

Returns, Ac.

Overseers im-

yowered to take

Copies of Ac-

counts of pre-

ceding Over-

seers.

Penalty on Per-

font refuting to

deliver such Ac-

counts.

C. 40. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

4 sideration: And whereas Information of the State of the Poor, and the Nature of those Expences, may

4 be necessary to be procured in order to enable the two Houses of Parliament to judge of proper Remedies

4 to redress those Grievances 5 but it is apprehended such Information cannot be effectually obtained with-

4 out the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act shall, as soon as conveniently may be,

after the passing hereof, be transmitted, by George White, Esquire, one of the Clerks of the House of

Commons, to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Ridings,

Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Counties Corporate, in England and

Wales; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, and they are hereby required,

with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the acting Justices of the Peace

within their respective Limits; and also to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedule to this Act annexed,

to be printed and delivered to the High Constables, or other proper Officers within their refoeftive Limits,

at the Midsummer Quarter Session of the Peace in one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also to

receive the Answers and Returns made by Overseers of the Poor, pursuant to the Directions herein after

given, and transmit the fame to the Clerk of the Parliaments with all convenient Speed, in order that

the fame may be inspected by the Members of both Houses of Parliament, upon Pain of forfeiting, for

every Neglect and Default, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings.

# II. And be it further enacted, That the several Justices of the Peace, within their respective Juriflic-

tions in England and Wales, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Midsummer Session, one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-six, appoint a Time and Place or Times and Places, which Time or

Times shall be on or before the twentieth Day of Oftobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six,

for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, within their respective Ju-

rifdiftions, to attend them at such Meeting or Meetings for the Purposes of this Act, with Returns and

Answers to the Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and cause Notice thereof to be given

to such Overseers refoeftively, and also to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables,

to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior

Officers within such respective Jurisdictions, requiring their . Attendances at such Meetings for the Pur-

poses of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby also re-

quired, at such Meeting or Meetings, so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to receive and take the

Answers and Returns to be made by the Overseers of the Poor pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, and

then and there administer to them refoeftively the Oath contained in the said Schedule and such Justi-

ces, if they fee cause, may examine such Overseers upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in

such Questions and Answers, and call for the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor for the preceding

Year, if they shall fee fit, in order to explain and verify the said Accounts as shall be fhen made; and the

said Justices shall then deliver such Answers and Returns to the respective High Constables or other proper

Officers as aforesaid, in order that the fame may be by them transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace or

Town Clerks, as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the High Constables, or other proper Officers so described at*

aforesaid, within the respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions in on^

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the said Clerks

of the Peace, or Town Clerks, the said printed Schedules, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, one such

Schedule to one of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or Place, as well within Towns-

Corporate as without, within their respective Limits; and, when required by the respective Justices of

the reace as aforesaid, attend the said respective Meetings, and then and there receive the several Answers

and Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, and indorse upon the Back of each of them the Nam©

of the Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, or County Cor-

porate, wherein the Parish, Township, or Place, therein mentioned, is situate, and transmit the fame,

together with a true and perfect Lift of the Names of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Town-

ship, and Place, to whom such Schedules had been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the

Peace, and Town Clerks, at the then next Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the Adjournment

thereof, which Adjournment the Justices at such Quarter Sessions are required to make to some con-

venient Day, within one Week after the said twentieth Day of OSloher, in Cafes where such Returns

shall not be made at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default or.

Neglect in the Matters aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, and

Place, shall, and are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings,

and then and there deliver to the said Justices, in Writing signed by them, a just and true Answer and Re-

turn to the said Questions, upon Oath, as before directed; and that every Overseer making Default in

any of the Matters hereby required, shall, for every such Neglect or Default, forfeit a Sum not exceed-

ing five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom

Complaint thereof shall be made: And in order to enable the said Overseers to make Answers and Re-

turns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised and impowered to call for, inspect, and take Copies of, the

Accounts of the preceding Overseers, or so much thereof as shall be necessary; and every Person or Per-

fons, in whose Custody or Power every such Accounts shall be, shall and are hereby required to produce

and deliver such Accounts to the said Overseers, for the Purposes aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for

every Default or Neglect in the Premises, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings,

at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

