9

The TITLES of

intituled, An Act for tjhibltjbing a Houseor Houses of In-

dujlry in the Isle of Wight, yir the Reception, Mainte-

nance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several

Parishes and Places vuith in the said If and.

54« An Act to continue an Act, made in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second

(intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by

Bankrupts); and alf'o an Act, made in the fourteenth

Year of the Reign of 'his present Majesty (intituled. An

Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this

Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ire-

land, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain

Sum).

55. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity

Lands belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof.

56. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of

Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for

£aving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets,

anes, and public Parages there; and for widening

and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes,

and Passages.

57. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch-

ing, the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Mclcombe

Regis, in the County of Dorset\ and for removing all

Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances there-

in.

58. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the

twelfth Year of his present Majesty,paving, cleansing,

lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town

and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for

removing and preventing Nut fauces and Annoyances therein;

and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such

Parts of the High-street in Chatham, as are situate in the

Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other

Places adjoining or contiguous to the iaid Town.

59. An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Ports

mouth in the County of Southampton; and for explain-

ing and amending an Act, passed in the eighth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving and

cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the

said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoy-

ances therein, and for widening and rendering the fame

more commodious.

60. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving

the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leo-

nard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for

preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the

Powers of the said Add to such Part of a Lane, called

Flog-lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton-Falgate,

in the said County*

61. An Act for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and

Landmarks in or near the Port of Chefer, and for placing

Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the

said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and persons tow-

ing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of

Chefer; and for fixing the Rates payable for the fame

respectively.

62. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for fe-

veral Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent,

more efiedually to drain and improve the Lands and

Grounds within the General Tallies.

63. An Act for widening anJ improving several Streets in

the T own of Alanchtjlcr; and for opening new Streets

_ or Passages within the said Town.

64. An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, cer-

tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds called The Parts and

the STATUTES.

Alderlots, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the

County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from

the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty

of Garenton, in the County of Leicester; and for making

and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from thence,

near, or up, and into TJoe Rufhcs, at Loughborough, in

the said County.

65. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Ca-

nal, within and from certain Lands, belonging to Thomas

Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in xhe

County of IToreCjicr, to join and communicate with the

Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delph,

upon Penfnet-chafe, in the Parish of Kingfwinford, in

the County of Stafford.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Ba-

fingitoke through Popham lane, Sutton, Scotney, and

Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place

called Lobcomb-corner in the County of Wilts; and also

for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse over

Weyhill to Mullen’s Pond, in the said County of South-

ampton; as relates to the Roads from Bcff'.gstoke to

Lobcomb-corner in the County of Wilts

68. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

pasted in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road

from the Weft Cowgare, near the Town of NewcaftJe

upon Tyne, through the Wef End of Kenton, Pont

Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and

South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanf-

peck, in the County of Northumberland.

69. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the

Powers of two Acts, pasted in the third and seventeenth

Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies

next to the City of Rochefer, to Saint Dunstans Cross

near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent;

and for amending and widening the Road from the pre-

sent Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade-

corner, in the Parish of Prest on, to B ogham-cross and

Shalmsford-lane-end, in the Parish of Chilbam, in the

said County.

70. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repair-

ing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Stif-

sex, through Capel, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leather-

head, to the Watch-house in Ebbifham, in the County of

Surrey; and from Capel to Scone-street, in the Parish of

Ockley, in the said County of Surry.

71. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road

from Doncaster to the Turnpike-road which leads from

Bawtry to Retford in the Counties of York and Notting-

ham.

72. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End

Side of Lincoln-heath, to the City of Peterborough; and

from the East End of Marham-lane, to the Town of Wal-

ton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town

of Bourn, to the Town of Collterworth; and from D >n-

nington High Bridge, to the Cross-pofl, in the Parish of

Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale-

drove, to and through the Town of Oil Sleaford, to the

6 End

C.oooo[e

