614

Penalty on ob-

Itructing Paf-

fagei.

Commi/Toneri

way impound

Obfiruttiom.

Penalty on ex-

posing Gords to

Sale in the

Stree;?,

and on driving

Carriage* on the

Foot-way.

Penalty for Se-

cond and subse-

quent Offences.

Commlflioner*

may regulate

Standi of Hack-

ney ‘Coaches.

Conviction s to

be drawn ac-

cording to ’he

Form in the

Schedule.

Persons contri-

butary to the

Rates may give

Evidence or aft

as Jullicei.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered.

C. 60. Anno decimo sexto Oeorgii III. A. D. 1776.

and the said Commissioners {hall be and are hereby invested with the fame Powers and Authorities for

assessing, collecting, and levying Money for those Purposes, as if the Whole of the said Lane had been

comprised in the said former Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter,

set, fix, place, or lay, or cause or procure to be set, fixed, placed, or laid, any Calks, Package, Timber,

Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, Scaffolding, or any other Material or Thing what-

soever, (unless the fame shall be inclosed within forpe Board, to be erected in Manner and under such Re-

gulations as are prescribed by the said former Act) and shall not remove the fame within the Space of two

Hours next after Notice in Writing given by any of the Commissioners, or by any Person duly authorised

by them, every Person so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shil-

lings ; and any one of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that

Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, such Ca(k<?, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime,

Sand, Mortar, Wood, Materials, or other Things, and take or remove, or cause the fame to be taken and

removed, to the Pound, or other proper Place, within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until

the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall and do pay, to the Person in

whose Custody the fame shall be, the said Sum of five Shillings, together with the Costs and Charges of

removing and keeping the Materials or Things so removed : And in case the said Penalty and -Charges

shall not be paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure, then it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorised by

them as aforesaid, to cause the fame to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising from such Sale shall

be applied for the Purposes in the said former Act and this Act mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this

Act, give Leave or Licence to any Person or Persons to set or expose to Sale any Goods, Fish, Fruit, or

other Thing, upon the Pavements of any of the Streets or Places in the said former Act or this Act men-

tioned, or any Part thereof, adjoining or near to his, her, or their Dwelling-house or Building ; every

such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, or draw, or cause to

be run, driven, or draws, upon any Part of the Foot-pavements within the Limits of the said former

Act, or this Act, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge or Wheelbarrow, or any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or

other Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, or Beast;

upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; or shall throw or cast any Dirt, Dung, Ashes, or Rubbish,

into or upon any of the Carriage or Foot* Ways ; or shall stand with any Wheelbarrow, or erect, fix, or

bring any Stall in or upon the Pavements aforesaid ; then, and in every such Cafe, and as often as they or

any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and

convey the Person or persons so offending before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middle-

sex, who shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced

to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of such Offence*

either upon such Information as aforesaid, or upon his, her, or their own Confession, he, (he, or they so

convicted respectively, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; and in case such Offender or Of-

fenders shall not, upon such Conviction, immediately pay such Penalty, the said Justice is hereby autho-

rifed and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, according to the Form or Effect mentioned in

the Schedule hereunto annexed, to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction, or other Gaol

for the said County, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days, unless such Penalty, and the reasonable

Charges occasioned thereby, shall be sooner. paid and satisfied.

1X7 And be it further enacted, That if any Nuisance, Obstruction, or Annoyance, mentioned in the

said former Act or this present Act, shall, after the fame hath been removed, be replaced ; the Person or

Persons so replacing, or causing the fame to be replaced, being thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of ten Shillings, and the Tike Sum of ten Shillings for every subsequent Offence.

4 X. And whereas Hackney Coachmen frequently take their Stands with Coaches in such Places as to

‘ occasion considerable Obstructions both in the Carriage and Foot Ways •/ be it therefore enacted. That,

from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may direct

and regulate such Stands as they shall in their Discretion think proper within the Places mentioned in the

said former Act, and this present Act : And if any Hackney Coachman shall not comply with such Regu-

lation, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Offence.

4 XL And for the more easy and speedy Conviction or Offenders against the said former Act, and this

4 Aft/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace be-

fore whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said former Act, or this

Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto

annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That any Person or Persons whatsoever, al-

though he, (he, or they be contributary to the Rates mentioned in the said former or this present Act,

shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or other-

wife, in, about, touching, or concerning the said former Act, or this present Act, or the Matters or

Things therein or herein contained, be and be deemed a competent Witness ; and that any Justice of the

Peace for the County of ATiddlesex, may aft in the Execution of the said former and this present Act, not-

withihnding he shall pay, or be contributary to the Rates aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the

said former Act or this present Act imposed, shall or mav be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of

the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace for

the

C.

