A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgi III.

C.J4<

353

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any

of' the Justices of the Peace if although such Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act)

to hear and determine any of the said Offences, and also to hear and determine, at any Sessions of the

Peace for the said County, any Appeal that may be brought or prosecuted against any Rate or Conviction

to be made under and by the Authority of this Act, although such Justice or Justices shall have signed or

allowed such Rate, or made such Conviction j and in all Cafes where Cognizance is given by this Act to

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an

Oath to any Person or Persons for more certain Information in the Matter depending: And in all Cafes

where the Commissioners are authorised and impowered to bring or institute any Action at Law, or where

it shall be fit or necessary to prosecute any Information or Indictment touching the Premises, the fame shall

and may be brought, instituted, and prosecuted, by or in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Trea-

furers appointed by virtue of this Act; and such Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby indemnified in

every such Action or Actions, Prosecution or Prosecutions, by the Monies to be raised by virtue of

this Act.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall

think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no parti-

cular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace

at any Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, and within three Calendar Months after the

Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, twenty-

one Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Mat-

ter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into

a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties con-

ditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the

Justices at any such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being

given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall bear and finally determine the causes

and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or ap-

pealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and are authorised to do at any Quarter Sef-

lions; and the Determination of such Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and

Purposes.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this

Ad imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other wise particularly directed)

shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Place, and within his

proper Jurisdiction; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and authorised to grant, upon the

Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information ofanyoneor more credible Witness or Witnesses

upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be)

upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges

of such Distress and Sale being first dedu&ed), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for

the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not

be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and

for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and impowered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to

cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of such

County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar

Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges*

shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners to reward any Informer or Informers, as they shall think proper,

so as such Reward does not exceed one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures arising from the Informa-

tion of such Informer or Informers, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for

any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed un-

lawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of

any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrain-

ing be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be here-

after done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may

recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action on the Cafe.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of

sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any

such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such

Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such

Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay

into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders ana

Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the De-

fendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond,

Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or

only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited be-

fore them, or under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Per-

fons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable yrith any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

Vol.XH. Zt LVII. And

Commissio net*

who are Justices

mat i& in any

Appeal, Arc U

any other Ju£»

Meet.

Where Com-

misti nen are

impowered to

bring Actions,

the fame may be

instituted in the

Name of the

Treasuref.

How he ii to be

indemnified.

Person* aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Sdfionik

Penal tie* and

Forfeiture! how

to be recovered

and applied.

CommifConer*

may reward ia-

formen.

Dirt ref* not to

be deemed un-

lawful for Want

of Form.

Plaintiff not to

recover if Ten-

der of Amends

hath been made.

Writing* to be

without Stamp*.

