I

Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III.

477

A. D. 1776^

Ci 2 ^ji«

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That all and every the Barony, Manor, Mtfiuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Heredi- After Mar?,

taments, and Light-house Duties, with their several Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, heretofore *776>nrft,

given, granted, devised, settled upon, or vested in, or conveyed or limited or demised or assigned to, any Tenements, &c.

Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for, or for the Use or Benefit of the said Hospita), or given, or granted ujor

granted, or devised to the said Hospita], by any Gift, Grant, Letters Patent, Will, Letters of Admini- fonheUfe of,

stration, Act of Parliament, Indentures, Deed roll, or other Deed in Writing, or otherwise howsoever, Greenwich Ho-

and the Reverfton and Reverftons, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, shall, f£ita*» vcftfd in

from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, be diverted out of all and

every such Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the fame an<! Go~

fhalf be, and shall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon and vested in < verao*, Ac.

the said Corporation, being the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Green-

wich in the County of Kent^ their Successors and Assigns, to the Use of the said Commissioners and Go-

vernors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely discharged

of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, and Demand, as any Person or Persons what-

soever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said Barony, Manors, Messuages, Lands, .Tene-

ments, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and Light-house Duties, or in of to any Part or Parcel thereof, upon*

any Account howsoever, favc as herein after is mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May Aa *»Geb. If.

one thousand seven hundred and (eventy-six, all and every the Clauses and Powers herein before recited to rePea,#d*‘

be contained in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the -

Second ; and also so much of the Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty Kingi

George the Second, as relates to laying the Accounts of the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital

before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament; shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed^

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital* l« what Marrs

their Successors and Assigns, shall hold and enjoy all and Angular the said Barony, Manors, Messuages, «er the Barony,

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and the fame shall be and be deemed to be held of the 410

King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Majesty’s Manor of East Greenwich in the County of"40 c *'

Kent, by free and common Soccage Tenure; but nevertheless the said Barony, Manors, Messuages,.

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, shall be, and shall be deemed to be, subject to such*

Quit-rents, Crown-rents, and Dutchy-rents, issuing thereout respectively, as the fame are now respec—

tively liable to. v

4 IV. And whereas, by reason of the settling of the said Barony,.Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene--

4 ments, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital

4 in Manner aforesaid, a Doubt may be made whether the Tenants of the said Estates ought from*hence-

41 forth to do such Acts and Services, and pay such Fines and Sums as, by the Nature and Tenure of their

4 Estates, founded upon immemorial Usage and Custom or otherwise, they would be to have done and-1

4 performed and paid on the Death of any Lord thereof, in case the Settlement of the said Barony, Ma-

4 nors, Messuages, Lands, T enements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, was made to a particular Person

* only and his Heirs; Now, in order to make the like Provisions as were made by an Act of Parliament,

4 made and passed in the eleventh Year, and of the said Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his late

4 Majesty’s Reign, for obliging the Tenants of the said Estates to do such Acts and Services* and topay-

4 such Fines and Sums of Money as aforesaid,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Saucer to M

upon the Death of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve for the Benefit of hris People),' and also P'rfom^, «nd

upon the Death of every fticcellive King or Queen of this Realm, all such Acts and Services shall be done fh" Tenant*

and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money shall be paid, by the respective Tenants of the said agreeable^the

Estates, to the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Koval Hospital, as by the ancient*Tenure ancient Tenure,*

thereof^ or by any Contraft, Law, Usage, or Custom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them,

in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, ^nd Hereditaments, had continued to be or were actually

vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private Per-

fons Only, and not in their politic Capacity; and for Default of Performance of1 such Acts and Services-'

which ought so to be done and performed, and for Default df Payment of any such Fines and Sums of '

Money which ought so to be paid, such Forfeitures and Penalties shall accrue and become due; and it shall How Forfeitures*

be lawful for" the said Commissioners and Governors of the said'Royal Hospital to use and take all such *nd P«n«l*ie«

Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penalties as might be * rccow^

lawfully used or taken by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, wefe actually trefted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and

they were to be considered as private Persons only, and not in their politic Capacity; any Law, Usage, or

Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons, in All Stock An-

whose Name or Names any Stock Annuities, or other Monies, is or are now-(landing or being in Trust nuitie*, &c. in- -

for, or for the Use or Benefit of the said Hospital, or in whom any Stock Annuities, or other Monies, ^the

bath or have been inverted for, or for the Use or Benefit of the said Hospital, and the Survivors and Sur- ^ :*al° t'h£eHo~

vivor of them, or the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall, as soon as conveniently may

be after the parting this Act, artign and transfer such Stock Annuities, or other Monies as aforesaid, unto corporauon.

the said Corporation.

4 VI. And whereas divers Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits, have been given,

* granted, settled, appropriated, and established, for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital, and

4 the Maintenance thereof, in and by divers Statutes heretofore made and now in Force; and divers Modes

4 have.

