228

Board any

Goods of the

Growth, Ac. of

kid Provinces.

Shipmasters to

deliver Certifi-

cates of the doe

hading of

Goods, which

ne to be tinned

by the Coiledsr

I the Port

where landed.

After Bonds

have been de-

livered, Collec-

for to certify tbt

fame.

Goods laden da

Board before

Bond given, or

without Certifi-

cate, are to be

forfeited, with

the Ship, &c.

After Sept, i,

1775, certain^

Good* prohibit-

ed to be brought

into the Colo-

nic*,

urrfcl* without

Fraud shipped

from Great Bri-

*a#

C. 10. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Place where such Goods are intended to be laden, or taken on Board, in the Penalty of one thousand

‘ Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds,

if the Ship shall be of that or any greater Burthen, with Condition that such enumerated Goods shall not

be landed, or pot on Shore, at or upon any other Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place

whatsoever, except feme Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or some of the British Islands

in the Wffl Indies $ and that all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, so intended to be laden as afore-

said, shall not be landed or put on Shore at or upon any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or

Place whatsoever, other than and except some Port or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or

Ireland, or <ome of the British Islands of the West Indies; and with further Condition to bring a Certifi-

cate in Di (charge thereof, within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond, for such of the said Goods

as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and within six Months for such

of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of the British Islands in the West Indies; which

respective Certificates shall be under the Hands and Seals of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or

other Principal Officer of the Customs, resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed,

testifying the landing thereof; or such Bond or Bonds shall and may be discharged by Proof, upon Oath

made by credible Persons that the said Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Bond or Bonds

shall be given, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the

Customs, to whom such Bond or Bonds shall have been given, shall deliver, under his Hand and Seal of

Office^ without Ffte or Reward, to the Master of the Ship or Vessel taking in such Goods, for the Sccu*

rity of her Navigation, a Certificate that such Bond or Bonds hath or have been given, expressing therein

the Quantity ana Species of the Goods, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, and the Port or

Place for which they were entered; and if any such Goods shall be laden on Board any such Ship or Vef-

fel in any of the Provinces or Colonies in this Act before mentioned, before such Bond or Bonds shall be

given, or shall be found on Board any Ship or Vessel without the Certificate herein before directed, that

such Bond or Bonds hath or have been given, the Goods so laden, together with the Ship or Vessel, with

her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and if any Goods, so laden

as aforesaid, shall be landed or discharged at any Port or Place, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of

this Act, over and above the Penalty of the Bond or Bonds, the Shipper and Owner of such Goods, and

the Master or Person taking Charge of the Vessel on Board which they were laden, shall respectively for-

feit the full Value of the Goods so landed or discharged, to be estimated according to the highest Price or

Value which such Sort of Goods bear in the Province or Colony where and at the Time when they were

shipped and laden; which Ship and Goods may be seized ana prosecuted, or the Value of such Goods

Drofecuted for, by any Admiral, Chief Commander, or commissioned Officer of his Majesty’s Fleet or

Ships of War, or by any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, in the Manner herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and during the Continuance of this Act* no Sort

of Wines, Salt, or any Goods or Commodities whatsoever (except Horses, Victual, and Linen Cloth,

the Produce and Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence), shall be imported into any or

the said Colonies or Provinces herein before respectively mentioned, upon any Prptence whatsoever, unless ,

such Goods shall be bona fide and without Fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly

from thence, upon Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel on Board which such Goods shall be

laden; and it (nail be lawful for any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer, of his Ma-

jesty’s Fleet, or Ships of War, or any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, to seize any Ship or Vessel ar-

riving at any of the said Provinces or Colonies before mentioned^ or which shall be discovered within two

Leagues of any Shore thereof, having such Goods on Board, and the Goods laden thereon (except as

before excepted), for which the Master, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall not

Customs, certifying

w.

Act set*

extent to Goods,

Ac. necessary for

fut

Skips of War,

or Forts, Ac.;

-nor hinder the

lawful Imports*

tion of Good*

from the British

West India

Islands into the

said Colonies.

After July 10,

1775, all British

Veffehnot fitted

out from Great

Britain, Ac.hik-

ing on the Banks

ol Newfound-

land, Ac. to be

forfeited, with

theirTacklej&r.

produce a Cocket or Clearance from the Collector; or proper Officer of his Majesty’s

that the said Goods were laden on Board the said Ship or Vessel, in fooae Port of Great Britain \ any

Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or-

any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation or

carryingout from any of the Provinces or Colonies before mentioned, or the Importation mto the famo,

of any Goods or Commodities whatsoever for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty’s Ships of

War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty’s Service, or for his Majesty’s Forces, Forts, or Garrisons,

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Vi. And provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

hinder or restrain the lawful Importation into any or either of the said Provinces or Colonies herein before

mentioned, from any of the British Islands in the West Indies, of any such Goods or Commodities, being

the Growth or Produce thereof, as may now by Law be imported from thence into the said Provinces or

Colonies, or any or either of them.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel, being the

Property of the Subjects of Great Britain, not belonging to and fitted out from Great Britain or Ireland,

or the I stands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sarky Alderney, or Alan% shall be found, after the twentieth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, carrying on any Fishery, of what Nature or Kind soever,

on the Banks of Newfoundland, the Coast of Labrador, or within the River or Gulph of Saint Lawrence*

or upon the Coast or Cape Breton, or Nova Scotia, or any other Part of the Coast of North America, or

having on Board Materials for carrying on any such Ffthery, every such Ship or Vessel, with her Guns,

Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, together with the Fi£h, if any shall be found on Board,

shall be forfeited, unless the Master, or other Person, having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, do pro-

duce

