*34

vhich may be

renewed.

Perron* counter-

feiting Stamps

to futfer Death.

Terfons import-

ing such Stufts

to forfeit Inch,

and iol. for

every Piece.

PetTons felling

counterfeited

Sttfi's to fufftr

Death;

Vpon Informa-

tion of unftarrp-

rd Stuffs being

•inCustody of any

Draper j

ComnrfTioners,

or two JuOices,

may cause the

fcime to beleized.

t)ne Moie’y of

•the Prndties to

the King, and

the other to the

informer.

P*v/err, Rules,

and Penahies

now in Fcrce,

in Excise Law%

to he used iel»-

five to this Act,

Proof of the

Stuff being rna-

ruifaftured in

■Brirjin to Jic on

the Owner,

C. 72. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using the fame, to do as little Hurt or Damage as may

be to the Stuffs to be so marked or damped : And the said respective Commissioners, in providing the said

respective Seals or Stamps, shall take care that they be so contrived that the Impression thereof may be

durable, and so as the fame may be lead liable to be forged or counterfeited; and that the said Seals or

Stamps, or any of them, shall or may be allowed or renewed, from Time to Time, as his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, shall think fit: And if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, at any Time or Times

hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided

or made in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame upon any of the

Stuffs chargeable by this Act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty

•thereupon to be chargeable or payable in respect thereof, then every such Person so offending, and being

thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Gases of

Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

,IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies

Corporate, shall import or bring into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof,

any Callicoes, Muslins, or any other Goods or Stuffs whatsoever made of Linen Yarn only, or of Linen

Yarn and Cotton Wool mixed, or made wholly of Cotton Wool, wherein shall be wove in the Warp in

either or both Selvages only, through the whole or any Part of the Length of each Piece, one or more blue

Stripe or Stripes of one or more Thread or Threads ; such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate,

shall not only forfeit and lose all and every such Callicoes, Muslins, Goods, or Stuffs, which shall be so

imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, but shall

also forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for each Piece thereof; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-

after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times hereafter, fell any printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, with

a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs or Successors, all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettor*, and

Aflistants, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death

as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times hereafter, upon

Oath made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, (he, or they, have reason to suspedl or believe that

any printed, painted, (lained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, for which a Duty ought to have

been paid or charged, as aforesaid, are or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper, or other Per-

son or Persons trading or dealing therein, or for any Person or Persons for the Use oj Account of such Dra-

per or other Trader or Dealer for Sale, without having thereupon such Marks or Stamps as are by this Act

required to denote the Payment, or Charging, of the said Duties thereupon ; it shall and may be lawful.to

and for the Commissioners who shall be appointed for the Duties upon Silk, Callicoes, Linens, or Stuffs,

printed, (lained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or the major Part of them, within the Limits of the

weekly Bills of Mortality, or any two Justices of the Peace in any other Parts of the Kingdom of Great

Britain, from Time to Time, to issue their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authorising and requir-

ing any Officer or Officers for the fame Duties (with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Officer of the

Peace), in the Day-time, to search for the fame, and to open Doors, Trunks, Chells, and Package, and

to seize such Goods, and to bring them to the Office for the said Duties, next to the Place where they

shall be so seized, in order to a further Proceeding thereupon, according to this Act; and that every such

Warrant and Order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and For-

feitures, which shall be incurred as aforesaid, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his' Heirs and Successors,

and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager in Law, or more than one

Imparlance, shall be allowed ; such Information or Informations, to be entered, filed, and prosecuted in

the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of feme Officer or Officers of his

Majfifty’s Revenue of the Customs or Excise, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Im-

provement of his Majestys Revenues of Cu/loms, Excise, and Inland Duties.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by any Act, Statute, or Law

made, and now in Force, relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for

managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Excise

or Inland Duty or Duties, for and upon any Callicoes or Stuffs whatsoever, when printed, llained, painted,

or dyed, with any Colour or Colours, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be pradlifcd, used, and

put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and pav-

ing the said Duty of Three-pence for every such Yard as aforesaid, upon the said new-manufactured Stulls,

as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Cl aufes, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Question shall arise,

whether any of the said new-manufactured Stufts, wholly made of Cotton, have been manufactured in

Great Britain, the Proof of their having been manufactured in Great Britain shall lie upon the Owne? or

Owners of such Scuffs, and not upon the Prolecutor; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary not-

withstanding. 1

CAP.

