A. D. 1775* Anno decitiio qulnto Georgii Ilf, C. 46. 333

* veniencies and Defe£ta have occurred in the Execution of the said Act;’ for Remedy whereof, and

in order to amend and render the said Act more effectual, may it please your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That from and after the twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and After May 13*

seventy-nve, if any Person or Persons shall fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, m >775»

the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead,

Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tii'ced, at any Time or Times between the r^7Tweed

tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January in any Year, or between Ten of the Clock on Satur- *c. between*

day Night and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning ; or shall, at any Time or Times after the said 00. 10, and

twelfth Day of May> fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, within the Mouth or Jan-.,0> ^all

Entrance of the said River Tweed; every such Person o: Persons so fishing shall, for every such Offence, o.Tence

forfeit any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of Ceed?ngi®1.nir

the Justice or Sheriff-depute by whom such Offender or Offenders {hall be convicted, together with the left than 40*1.

Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and all other Devices made use of in fishing for any such Fish; and all *nd the Boats,

such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices, so forfeited, shall be cut to Pieces, burnt, or New, &c. to fee

otherwise destroyed, by the Direction of the Justice or Sheriff-depute by whom such Offender or Offenders deftr0Jtd*

shall be convicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ring Net, Bob Net, or any Nets or Engine*

other Engine or Device whatsoever, shall be placed in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, f°und the

Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said ?^cr,^c tobf

River Tweedy at any Time or Times between the said tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January c ro*

in any Year (the Placer or Setter of which Ring Net, Bob Net, or other Engine or Device, is unknown

and cannot be found), it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize the fame, and

with all convenient Speed to carry the fame before any Justice of the Peace, or Sheriff-depute, for the

Liberty or Place where the said Net, Engine, or other Device, shall have been found standing ; and if,

upon due Proof made thereof, the said Net or Nets, Engine, or other Device^ shall be found by the said

Justice or Sheriff-depute to have been placed in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook,

or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said River

Tweedy contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the said former and this present Act, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Justice or Sheriff-depute to cause the fame in his Presence to be cut to Pieces,

burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twelfth Day of May, if any Person or Per- P«Ton*!nwfcole

fons shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whit- Custody any Sai-

ling, at any Time or Times between the tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January^ in any Sai^be found*

Year, the Proof that such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, was not taken or killed within the rfurin^tteTime

said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice aforesaid, to

or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, between the said tenth Day of October and the prove that the

tenth Day of January, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Sal- was not

mon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, shall be found, between the said tenth Day of October and the Tweed" * 1

tenth Day of January, or otherwise such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, shall be deemed, olhcrwiie fCeh

within the Meaning of the said former Act, to have been taken or killed in the said River Tweedy or in Fish toai* be

some River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in some Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which com- deemed to have

municates with the said River Tweed; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Fish m#

shall be so found, within the Time aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, and be liable to the fame Penalty or ,the PeVlint

Penalties which he or they would have forfeited and paid, and would have been liable to by virtue of the be jiab|c tVthe

said former Act, in case he or they had taken or killed such Fish in the said River Tweedy or in some River, Penalties by the

Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in some Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with formerAct*

the said River Tweedy between the said tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace within that Part of Great Britain caljed Jnfticcf,&c.nny

Enrlandy the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, and all Justices of the «fucht noc-

Peace, or Sheriffs-depute, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy shall and may act as Justices

of the Peace, or Sheriffs-dcpute respectively, in the Execution of the said former or this present Act, for

the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where any Offender or Offenders against the said former or tl\is Fi/herie*.

present Act shall be or reside, notwithstanding such Justices or Sheri ffs-depute are interested in the Fifti-

tries of the said River Tweed.

V. And be it further er/afted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Conviction and Convictions, Ad- Cotm&Ioni

judication and Adjudications, of all and every Offender or Offenders against this Act, within that Part of Offender* to be

Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, shall Cer',sted by,he

be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom the fame shall be made, to the next £xtQuarters°*f.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place where the Offender shall be ^

convicted, and shall be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and such Conviction and Adjudica-

tion shall be in the following Form of Words, or to the like Effect (that is to say):

Tow-lt tc BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

'V 13. . a.b. was, upon the Complaint of C. D. convicted before me,

4 Dr us, specifying the Offence J in pursuance of an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his

4 Majesty King George the Third, For amending and rendering more effectual an Arty passed in the eleventh

4 Year of his present Majesty'i Reign y intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River

4 Tweed,

F~rm of Con-

viction.

