The TITLES of the STATUTES.

all Person* employed in the laidfeveral Manvfadures; and

for the better Payment of their Wages.

,15. An Act to amend and render more effectual in his

Majesty’s Dominions in America an Act, passed in the

presentSession of Parliament, intituled, An Adforpu-'

nishing Mutiny and Dfrtion, and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters, and for extending the

Privisions of the said Act to his Majesty’s Marine Forces

in America.

16V Aji Act to enable Sir Ni*el Grejley Baronet, i+r~cl \

rBou>yer GrejleyEsquire, his Son, to make and maintain

a navi;able Cut or Canal from certain Coal Mines in

Apedale to Newcastle under Lyme, in the Coumy of

Stafford.

f “r. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications with-

in the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members

and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns whose Ad millions have been omitted to be damped

according to Law, or, having been damped, have been

Jod or miHaid 5 and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly damped ; and to give further Time to

such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies

and Solicitors.

\S. An Act to redrain the Trade and Commerce of the

"Colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Vir-

ginia, and South Caiohna, to Great Britain, Ireland, and

the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Con

ditions and Limitations.

U9. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or th'

Xord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound

with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd,

and William Skyrme, a Debt due to hte Majesty from

William Williams, deceased.

jro. An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts.

passed in the sixth and tenth Yeais of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal

from the River Trent, at or near Wildcn-Firry, in the

County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Run

corn Gap.

21. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of tht

Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the

County of Middlesex, and for building a Woikhouse in

the said Parish.

22. An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society

of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Ac-

countant General of the Court of Chancery, and his

Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon

Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Re-

gider of the said Court.

23. An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better

Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish

of Saint James, Clerk etiw ell, in the County of Middlesex.

24. An Act for incorporating certain Persons, for the Re-

lief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen within

the County of Huntingdon.

25 An Act for taking down the Common Gaol of the

County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a

more commodious Situation.

t6. An Act for appointing Commissioners so* putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intitu-

led, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain* for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventyfve.

27. An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages

used in loading Coals on Board Ships at the everal Ports

of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as sit the Port* of

Newcastle, and Sunderland.

28. An Act for altering, explaining, and amending several

Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers,

Coal-bearers, and Salters.

29. An Act to repeal two Acts, made in the Parliament of

Scotland, the twenty-eighth Day of June, one thousand

six hundred and thirty-once, intituled, Act orient the

'C/JfrGregaur, and the fifteenth Day of June, one thou-

sand six hundred and ninety-three, intituled. Act for the

Justiciary in the Highlands, so far as relates to the Mac

Gregours ; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament

of the twenty-sixth Day of April, one thousand fix

hundred and sixty-one, relative to the People called Alae

Gregours.

30. An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or

(lamp the Weights to be made ufc of in weighing the

Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of

an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take

certain Fees in the Execution of his Office.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries car-

ried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Do-

minions in Eufope, and for securing the Return of the

Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said

Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fish-

ing Season.

32. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the thirty first Year

of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth. (intituled.

An Act against the eroding and maintaining of Cottages.)

33. An Act for settling Buckingham House with the Ap-

purtenances upon the Queen, in case (he shall furvire

his Majesty, in lieu of his Majesty’s Palace of Somerset

House \ for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury to fell and dispofc of Ely House in

Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by S^le

thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and

eft iblifoing publick Offices in Somerset House, and for

embanking certain Parts of the River Thames lying with-

in the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for encouraging the Manuf ifturcs of Rape

Oil, and other vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by re-

ducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds pro-

ducing Oil, imported From Ireland; and for allow ing

the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure from

Ireland to this Kingdom.

33. An Act to permit the free Importation of raw Goat

Skins into this Kingdom for a limited Time.

36. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Com-

mons to iffite his Warrants to make out new Writs for tire

Choice of Alernbers to serve in Parliament, in the Room of

such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament;

and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons

to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to

serve in Parliament, in the Room <>f such Members as

shall during the Recess of Parliament become Peers of

Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament*, and

for suspending the Execution of the said Act with re-

spect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of

Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

7. An Act to permit the Importation of painted Earthen

Ware (except Galley Tiles), the Manufacture of £*-

rope, to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the

fame with a Duty ad valorem.

38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand (even hundred and seventy-five.

39. An

