The TITLES of

Merioneth \ and to invert the Monies arising therefrom in

the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled

to the Uses of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

>7. An Act for vesting certain Ertates in the County of

Devon, late of Thomas Benfoti Esquire, deceased, in Trus-

tees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied under the

Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of cer-

tain Legacies affecting the fame Ertates.

18. An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Watts

Esquire, called South Hill, or Fisher's Lodge, in the

County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to

layout the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of

another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Half-year Lands, common Pastures, common Meadows,

Lammas Meadows, Commons, commonable Lands,

Heaths, and waste Grounds, within the Parish 0/ Tot-

tington, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

and common Fields, Crofts, Bracks, and other Half-year

Closes, in the Parishes of Beet ley. Great Bittering, and

Grefjenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty

of Sheepwalk, called Beet ley Sheepwalk; and for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and waste

.Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley.

21. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Earl

- Spencer to inclose the several open and common Fields in

the Parish of Dunton., in the County of Bucks \ and for

vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to

the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl

Spencer 5 and for making a Compensation to the Rector

- of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Mea-

dow, Paflure, and all other commonable Grounds,

within the Manor of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County

' of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open common

Fields, Pastures, and waste Grounds, called Cropredy

Field and 4ft Mead, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the

County of Oxford.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and

common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds,

and commonable Places, in the Parish of Waddefdon, in

the County of Bucks.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

Fields, Wastes, and commonable Places, of Hucklejcote

and Donning ton on the Heathy in the Parish of lbjlock, in

the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Of

waldtwijle, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Pala-

tine of Lancaster.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and commonable Grounds, within

the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's, other-

wife Sutton Bonnington, commonly called Saint Ann's

End, in the County of Nottingham.

.28. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and

Parcels of Land, called Bishop's ltchington Heath, Christ-

mas Hill, Palmer's Furze, the Olt9 and commonable

Places, within the Parish of Bishop's ltchingtoru, in the

County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Ing$, and other commonable

Lands^ and waste Grounds, within the Parish of West

Keal, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Pasture

or waste Ground, called Cottmore, and such Part of the

common Pasture or waste Ground, called Radley, as lies

Vol.XIL

the STATUTES.

within the Diflrifls of Southwell and Weflhorpe, in the

Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common

Fields, common Meadows, Pastures, and other com-

monable Lands, within the Parish of Old Stratford,

otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of War»

wick.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

and waste Grounds, called Newthorpe Great Common and

Begerley Common, in the Parish of Greaftey, in the County

of Nottingham.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and

other commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and

Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish

of Halford, and County of Warwick.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and

open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and waste

Grounds, within the Manor and ParUh of Wilsford%

otherwise Williford, in the County of Lincoln*

36. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley*

with Arabella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

37. An Act to enable Thomas Afsheton Esquire, and his

Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and

use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of WiU

Ham Smith Esquire, deceased.

38. An Act to enable the Honourable Henrietta Charlottl

Keck Spinster, and her IiTue, to take, use, and bear, the

Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of

Robert Tracy Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haefeler and

John Erich.

40. An Act for naturalizing Jacob JuUen Baumgartner.-

41. An Act for confirmingan Agreement between William1

Earl of Radnor and the President and Fellows of Queen's

College Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowlon of

Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, for the Advowson

of Great Chiverel, in the County of Wilts.

42. An Act for vesting in John Earl of Breadalbane, and

his Heirs, in Fee-simple, certain Lands, Part of his en-

tailed Estate, in the County of Argyll \ and forfettling^

in lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and

interspersed with, the said entailed Estate.

43. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canter

bury, Henry Penton Esquire, and Thomas Brandon, to

grant Building Leases, pursuant to two several Agree-

ments entered into for that Purpose.

44. An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Parlon-

age Impropriate of Sunning otherwise Sonynge, in the

Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands,.

Tithes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with

the Payment of three several perpetual yearly Rent

Charges, or annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene

and his Successors, Deans of Sarum; and for diverting

the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out

of him and nis Successors; and for vesting the fame, so-

charged, in Robert Palmer Efishire^ his Heirs and Af—

signs.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold and Leasehold’

Ertates, devised by the WiU of John ATitford Esquire,.

deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging

Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the

Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands

and Hereditaments, to be settled in Heu thereof, to the

like Uses.

46; An*

by (jOO^lC

