The TITLES of the STATUTES.'

Towi>(his> of Rudston^ m the East Riding of the County

of York.

Sc. An Act for dividing, allotting, and imclosing, the open

and common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and

Commons, within the Townihtp, Parish, and Liberties

of Ea/lony in the County of Huntingdon.

Si. An Act for dividing and inclosing Several open com-

mon Fields, common Pastures, Ings, Commons, and

other waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town ships

of Acombe and HoldgaU) in the County of the Chy of

York.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fkklft, Hills, Meadow, Pastures, Lot Grounds,

suid Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenion>

in the County of Gloucester.

83. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for dividing

and inclosing the open common Fields, common Fa£

cures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Parish of Saint Neotsf in the County of Hun-

tingdon; and for regulating the Usage and Stocking of

divers Commonable Lands and Commons within the

said Parish.

84. An Act to enable John Meadows the elder, Gentle-

man, and his Issue Male, to take, qfe, and bear, the

Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will

of Elizabeth Theobald, Widow, deceased.

8{* An Act for naturalizing Paul Bwrnamt.

86. An Act for naturalizing Lnder Hoffbam and Nicholas

Ham.

87. An Act for naturalizing ViStor Bujigny.

88. An Act for veiling the Estate of thd Honourable

William Hanger, situate in the County of Kent, entailed

by the Will of the Right Honourable Gabriel Lord Cole-

rainey in the Kingdom of Irelandy deceased, iti Trustees,

to be sold; and for applying the Monies anting by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled to the same Uses.

89. An Act for veiling one Moiety of* the Bridge built

cross Stonehouse Creeky near Plymouth Docky in the County

of Devon, in Trustees, in Trust, to raise a Moiety of

the Expences of building the fame; and also for ena-

bling certain Persons to grant Building and other Leases,

during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet,

of the respective Estates deviled to him by the Wills of

his Father and Sir William Maurice Baronet, deceased ;

and like wife for veiling certain Houses in Middlesex and

London in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same.

90. An Act for veiling the Manor of Thorngumbald, and

certain Mefl’uages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, in Thorngumbald and Pauly or one of them, in

Holdemefsy in the East Riding of the County of York)

late the Estate of Thomas Gee Esquire, deceased, in

Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the

Monies thereby arising in discharging the Incumbrances

affedingthe fame Estate; and for laying out the Residue

in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to

be settled to the same Uses.

91. An Act to enable Walter Smyth Esquire, to make and

establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderton, and

certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the

Parish of Binderton9 in the County of SuJJex9 for other

Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belong-

ing to Sir Jeames Peachy Baronet.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fieldsf Commons, Fens, and wade Grounds, in

the Parish of Timberlandy in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,

common Ings, Mesne, Inclosures, Commons, or waite

Grounds, within the Parifli of Rawmarfljy in the Wtft

Riding of the County of York. a

94. An Act for naturalizing John Michael Lange'.

95. An Act for impowerintf the most Noble Ivillidm Bhtyke

of Devenshire to make Leases of Mines and Quarries,

within the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington

and Corkey deceased, in the County of York.

96. An Act for veftiitg a Messuage and Lands, called tafl

Leach Grove (Part of the settled Estate of the R?£ht

Honourable Frederick Henry Lord Che divert by in the

County Of Gloucester) y in Trustees, in Trust, to foil and

convey the fame, pursuant to an Agreement for that

PurpoTe; and for laying out the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lantls, to be settled1 to

the like Uses.

gy. An Act to enable Sir Edward Swinbsirne Baronet, to

charge certain Moors and waste Lands, within the ra-

riflies of Edlingham and Simonbtcrne9 in the County of

Northumberland^ of either of them, late the Estate of Sir

John Swinburne Baronet, deceased, after he shall have

cultivated and improved the fame in the Manner therein

mentioned.

98. An Act for veiling divers Freehold Estates, late of

Robert Barber Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold,-

to raise Money, to be applied, under the Diredlon of

the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Lega-

cies, and Charges, charged upon and affecting the straje

and for other the Purpmes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for impawering the Judges of the Cobrt of

Section in Scotland to fell the W*hole, Or such Parts’and

Portions, of the Estate and Barony of Kinrofsx in the

County of Kinrofsy belonging to James Bruce Carflairs

Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts

affecting the feme; and for settling the Remainder of the

said Estate and Barony, in Tail, oil the'fame Persons,

and to the same Uses and Purposes, aV mentioned in a

Deed of Entail, made by. Sit IVWiam Bruce Raronet,

bearing Date the fifteenth Day of February^\ri the Year

one thousand six hundred and eighty-three.

100. An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named to

raise Money, by Sale of certain Estates of John Smithy

and James Smith his Son, in the City of Coventry, and

County of the fame City, for the Payment of Debts and

Incumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed.

101. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the

Powers of Sale and Revocation of Uses, contained i,n the

Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne

Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York)

therein comprised.

102. An Act for enabling and impowering Trustees to

accept, grant, and make. Building and other Leases,

Contracts, and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands,

and Premises, late of William Baker Esquire, deceased,

during the Minority of his Son Peter William Bakery an

Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the

Rents and Profits thereof, and all other his Personal

Estates, and the Interest, Dividends, and Proceed there-

of, and apply the fame as in the Ad mentioned; and

for other Purposes.

103. An Act for vetting the Estates late of James Colehreoke

Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent) in Trustees,

to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled

to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other

Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

104. An Act to enable the Matter and Scholars of Ballot

Collegey in the University of C\xfcrdy in their Collegiate

Capacity, to convey certain Lands and PoiTtfiions Ue-

longing

