202 C. 88. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. AVD. 1774.’

comipued wuh- imposed upon Rum, Brandy, Eau d$ Vie de Liqueur, within the said Province, and also of three Pounds

in the Province, p(r Centum ad Valorem, on dried Goods imported into, or exported from, the said Province, under the

*nd in Stead of Authority of his moil Christian Majesty, shall be, and are hereby discontinued ; and that in Lieu and in

which the fol- Stead thereof, there shall, from and after the said fifth Day ot April, one thousand seven hundred and

Inwing Duties seventy-five, be raised, levied, eolle&ed, and paid, unto his Majesty, hi? Heirs and Successors, for and

to b« paid to upon the rcfpte&ive Goods herein-after mentioned, which shall be imported or brought into any Part of

feu faj<j pr0gince, over and above all other Duties now payable in* the said Province, by any Act or Acts

of Parliament, the several Rates and Duties following \ that is to say.

The Rate*. For every Gallon of Brandy, or other Spirits, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, Three-pencef.

For every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from any of his Ma-

jelly’s Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, Sixpence.

Por every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from any other of his

Majesty’s Colonies or Dominions in America, Nine-pence,

i or every Gallon of Foreign Brandy, or other Spirits, of Foreign Manufacture, imported or brought

from Great Britain, one Shilling.

For every Gallon of Rum, or Spirits, of the Produce or Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plan-

tations in America, not in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty, imported from any other

Place, except Great Britain, one Shilling.

For every Gallon of Molasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province,

• in Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, or to his Majesty's

Subjects in the said Province, Three-pence.

For every Gallon of Molasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province,

in any other Ships or Vessels, in which the fame may be legally imported. Sixpence; and after those Rates

for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively.

to whom they

Oje to be paid,

•nd how to be

applied*

Rates deemed II* And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates and Duties*

Sterling Money charged by this Act, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be. Sterling Money of Great Britain,

of Great Britain} and shall be Collected, recovered, and paid, to the Amount of the Value of which such nominal Sums

hear ia Great Britain; and that such Monies may be received and taken according to the Proportion and

how they amt* Value of five Shillings and Sixpence the Ounce in Silver; and that the said Duties, herein-before granted,

bt levied, &c. shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules,

Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, except in such Cafes where any Alteration,

is made by this A&, as any other Duties payable to his Majesty upon Goods imported into any British

Qolony or Plantation in America are or shall be raised, levied, colletted, paid, and recovered, determined by any Act

or ACta of Parliament, as fully and eflfo&ually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,

Powers, DireCHons, Penalties, and Forfeitures, rekttrng thereto, were particularly repeated and again;

enacted in the Body of this present A&; and that all the Monies that shall arise by the saud Duties (except

the necessary Charges, of railing,'collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for

the fame), mail he paid by the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs, into the Hands of his Majesty’*

Receiver-general in the said Province for the Time being, and shall be applied, in the first, place, in

making amore certain and adequate Provision, towards defraying the Expences of the Administration of

Justice,. and of the Support of Civil Government, in the said Province; and that the Lord High Trea-

surer, or Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treafiiry, or any three or more of them for the Time being,

shall be* and is or are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by any Warrant or Warrants uoder hi*

or their Hand or Hands, tocaufofuch Money ho be applied out of the said Produce of the said Duties,

towards defraying the said Expences; and that the Residue of the said Duties {ball remain and be referred

in the.Hands of the said Receiver-general, for the future Disposition of Parliament.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the* Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods chargeable with

any of the said Duties herein-before mentioned shall. be brought into the said Province by Land Carriage,

the fame shall pass and be carried through the Port of Saint John’s, near the River Sorrel\ or if such

Goods shall be brought into the said Province by any inland Navigation, other than upon.the River Saint

Lawrence, the fame shall pais and be carried^ upon the said River Sorrel, by the said Port, and shall be

there entered with, and the said respective Rates and Duties paid for the fame, to such Officer or Officers

of his Majesty VCustoms as shall be there appointed for that Purpose} and if any such Goods coming

by Land Carriage, or inland Navigation, as aforesaid, shall pass by or beyond the said Place before

named, without Entry or Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or shall be brought into any Part of

the faidProvince, by or through any other Place whatsoever, the said Gopds shall be forfeited } and every

Person who shall be aflifling, or otherwise concerned in the bringing or removing such Goods, orto;

whose Hands the fame (halicome, knowing that they were brought or removed contrary to this A&,

shall forfeit treble the Value of such Goods, to be estimated and computed according to the best Price

that each respective Commodity bears id the Town of Quebec, at the Time such Offence shall be com-

mitted ; and allthe Horses, Cattle, Boats, Vessels,. and other Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the

Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of such Goods, iball also be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be

fefzed by any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, and prosecuted, as herein-after mentioned.

Penalties anS IV* And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Penalties and Forfeitures

Forfeitures by this A& infii&ed, shall be ftied for and prosecuted in any Court of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty,

where to be pro- having Turifdiction within the said Province, and the fame shall and may be recovered and divided in the

fccutedty,&c, same Manner and Form, and by. the same Rules and Regulations* in all Respects, as other Penalties and

Forfeitures

Regulations

with respect to

Goods brought

into the Pro-

vince chargeable

with the Duties

before men-

tioned.

^

