4^8

C. 28.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1776.

Proprietors not

to make Refer-

voir* on the

South-rad Side

of the Turnpike

road between

Dudley and

Bi icrrly—hill,

&c.

Wade Water to

be conveyed to

Mr. Fofter*

Leather-mi 11

Proprietors may

crefi Weirs, for

carrying oft’ fu-

perriuoua Water

in Timet of

Flood.

Pvovife.

Proprietors to

' erect Weirs upon

the Canal above

Pell's Mill*

No Quays, Ac.

to be made in

Mr. Fofter’s

Laud in Nager's

Airlds.

Lirection of

'I owing path

through Nager’s-

Fields*

Breadth of Ca-

ll J. Towing-

p-itht, Ac.

jtftri&td.

Power so take

V* iitr from

ivi.mt}

Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to make or use any Reservoir or Reservoirs on the South*

east Side of the Turnpike-road leading between the Town of Dudley and Brierly-hill Chapel, on Penfnet-

chafe aforesaid; or to take any Water to be raised by any Fire-engine, Machine or Level, already erected

or made, or to be erected or made, on the South-east Side of the said Turnpike-road, unless with the

Consent of the intended Company of Proprietors of the said Dudley Canal Navigation first had and ob-

tained in Writing under their Common Seal; but that nothin? herein contained shall hinder or prevent

the said Company of Proprietors of the said Stourbridge Canal Navigation from making any such Reservoir

or Reservoirs, or taking the Water to be raised from the Coal Mines by any Fire-engine, Machine, or

Level, upon or near any Part of Penfnet-chafe, in'ease the said Dudley Canal Bill shall not pals into a Law*

or the said Canal shall not be made in consequence thereof, or be hereafter discontinued.

XII. And whereas John Foster Esquire is Owner of a certain Leather-mill, situate near lVordefley, in

the Parish of Kingfwinford aforesaid, and it is apprehended that some of the Water which now runs to

c the said Mill, may be taken for the Use of the said Canal and collateral Cuts: Therefore, in order that

as little Injury may be done to the said Mill as may be/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, at

x their own Costs and Charges, to erect, and at all Times thereafter support and maintain, one or more

Weir or Weirs upon that Part of the said collateral Cuts which lies between the Reservoir to be made on

Penfnet chafey and the Black Delphy so as to turn and convey to the said Leather-mill all the waste and

superfluous Water arising from the Summit of the said Navigation, and which shall not be wanted for the

Use thereof: But nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent the said Company of Proprietors, their

Succeffois and A*ffigns, from erecting one or more Weir or Weirs on the said collateral Cuts for the Pur-

pose of carrying off the superfluous Water in Times of Flood, which otherwise might injure the said Na-

vigation, so as that such last mentioned Weir or Weirs be placed not less than one Inch higher than the

said Weirs, for conveying the said Water to the said Leather-mill: Provided also, That the Regulations

aforesaid, respecting the said Mill, shall not be construed to extend to deprive the said John Foflery his

Heirs or Assigns, of any further Satisfaction he or they may be entitled unto for the Damage which may be

done to his or their Property by diverting into the said Canal or collateral Cuts any Waters to which he

or they is or may be legally entitled; but that he or they shall have and receive Satisfaction for such Da-

mage, to be ascertained and recovered by the Ways and Means herein after provided with respect to Wa-

ters to be taken for the Use of the said Navigation.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of

Proprietors, and their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own Costs and

Charges, to erect, and at all Times thereafter to support and maintain, one or more Weir or Weirs upon

the said Canal above BelFs Mill, not more than one Inch and an Half higher than the Weirs to be made at

the Lock next below Bell's Mill, (the Lock Weirs not to ^)e more than twenty Feet wide, and the Flood

Weir or Weirs above Bell's Mill not to be less than forty Feet) so as to turn and convey into the River

Stour all the waste and superfluous Water arising from or running into the said Canal which will not be

wanted for the Use thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend

to impower the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to make or erect any Quay,

Wharf, Crane, Weighing-beam, Mill, or Warehouse, in any of the Lands belonging to the said Jobm

Fo/ln\ situate at Wordefley, in the said Parish of King fw inford, called Nager's Fields.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That the Towing-path>

through and over the Lands and Grounds1 of the said John Foster called Nager's Fields, shall not be made

on the South Side of the said collateral Cuts, unless with the Consent in Writing of the said John Po/ler9,

his Heirs or Assigns.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Land and Ground to be taken or.used for

such Canal, and collateral Cuts and Towing-paths, and the Ditches, Drains, and Fences, to separate

such Towing-paths from the adjoining Lands, shall not exreed twenty-six Yards in Breadth, except in-

such Places where the said Canal or collateral Cuts shall be respectively raised higher, or cut above five

Feet deeper, than the present Surface of the Land, and in such Places where it shall be judged necessary

for Boats and other Vessels to turn, lie, or pass each other, nor more than sixty Yards in Breadth in any

of those Places; nor shall any Land or Ground be set out, ascertained, contrafted for, and fold, for the

Purpose of making any navigable Cut, Trench, or Sluice, to convey Commodities, or other Things, to or

from the said Canal or collateral Cuts, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands-

respectively, under his or their Hands in Writing first had and obtained; nor for more than one thousand*

Yards in Length with such Consent; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XVII. And whereas the making such Canal and collateral Cuts will be of particular Advantage to the

4 Owners and Proprietors of certain Coal-mines already opened, and which may be opened, contiguous or

4 near to the said collateral Cuts; and it will be necessary for supplying the said Canal and collateral Cuts

4 with Water, that the Water to be raised by the Fire-engines, or other Machines, erected or to be erected

4 for the draining of the said Mines, should be discharged into the said Canal or collateral Cuts/ be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com-

pany of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at all

Times hereafter, to have, divert, and take, the Water to be raised or drained, by means of certain Fire-

engines already erected near to the Course of the said intended collateral Cuts, and which belong to John

Pidccck, Benjamin Brettell, and Jeremiah Brett ell, as Copartners, and to the said Jeremiah Brett ell, Thomas

Seager, and John Parker, individually, as also the Water which may be got, raised, or conveyed from or

by Means of any other Fire-engine, Machine, or Level* which now is or are, or shall or may, at any

Time or Timeq hereafter* be ete&cd, made* or opened, in or upon any Lands or Mines belonging to the

v Right

