594

Corporation to

continue the

fame;

and to enjoy the

Ground in the

Forest of Park-

hurst, See,

Present Officer*

to continue ti l

the lift Thurs-

day in June,

*77®.

Four General

Quarterly Meet-

ings to he held

erery Year.

Time and Place

of first Meeting.

Women may

aft by Prosy,

Guardians to

give in their

Qualifications y

and to defray

their own Ex-

pences.

No Guardian,

Jkc. to be cod-

cerned in any

Conmft.

Officers to be

defied at the

Fiift Meeting,

Officers to give

Security.

Manner of

f letting atting

guardians.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

Poor’s Rates, in one or more Parish or Parishes within the said Island, for Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

taments, or Tithes, occupied and enioyed by him, her, or them, at the Value of one hundred Pounds

per Annum, shall be, and are hereby declared to be. Members of the said Corporation, and Guardians of

the Poor within the said Island.

III. And be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding any Alteration made by this Act in the Consti-

tution of this Corporation, it shall continue and be one and the fame Corporation, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, with that which now exists, and has for some Time past existed, by the Name of The Guardians

of the Poor within the Isle of JVight\ and that the said Guardians of the Poor shall have, hold, and enjoy,'

the Piece or Parcel of Grpund in the Forest of Parkhurst, In the Isle of Wight^ which his Majesty, by his

Letters Patent, hath granted and demised unto them, for the Term, and lubjeA to the Rents and Cove-

nants, in the said Letters Patent specified and contained; and that the present DireAors and aAing Guar-

dians of the Poor, and their Treasurer and Clerks, and all other Officers of the said Corporation, shall be

and continue in their respeAive Offices until the last Thursday in June one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six, inclusive, unless in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal.

IV. And be it further enacted, That henceforth four General Quarterly Meetings shall be held by the

DireAors and aAing Guardians in every Year, at the Times following 5 (that is to say) Between the

Hours of Eleven and One, on the last Thursday in Juney the last Thursday in September, the last Thursday in

December, and the last Thursday in March; and that the first of the said General Quarterly Meetings shall

be held on the last Thursday in June next ensuing the passing of this Act, at the Sun Inn in Newport, and

the subsequent Meetings at such Place as the DireAors and aAing Guardians present at the preceding Ge-

neral Quarterly Meetingshall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint; and that at the said General

Quarterly Meetings, all DireAors and aAing Guardians shall have a Right, and are hereby required, if in

the said Island, to give their Attendance : Provided always, That all Women who shall be qualified to be

Guardians shall be, and are hereby authorised to aA, at the said General Quarterly Meetings by Proxy

appointed under their Hands ; and the Persons appointing such Proxies may, from l ime to Time, revoke

such Appointment; and such Proxies shall be granted to such Persons as shall be Guardians, but no more

than one such Proxy shall he granted to or received by any one Guardian whatsoever.

V. And be it further eqacted, That all and every the Guardians of the Poor aforesaid shall, at the first

Meeting at which he or she shall aA, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Clerk of the said Corpora-

tion for the Time being, an Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of his or her Qualification, and

in what Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, the fame is situate; and that the said Directors and aAing

Guardians shall, at every Meeting to be held under this Act, defray their own Charges and Expences;

and that no Person shall be capable of aAing as a DireAor or Guardian under the Authority of this Act,

during the Time he shall be concerned in, or have any ContraA for the Performance of any Work, or

supplying any Necessaries for carrying this Act into Execution, or the supporting of the said Poor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the first General Quarter!v Meeting, in June one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be elected twenty-four DireAors, thirty-six aAing Guar-

dians, one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, one Clerk, and such other Officers for the Year en-

suing, as the said Guardians shall fee necessary; all which said Persons shall be respeAively elected in

Manner following 5 (that is to say) The Guardians then assembled shall, between the Hours of Ten and

Two of the Clock of the same Day, by a Majority of Voices of such of them as shall be so assembled,

appoint some one Guardian then present to be President or Chairman of such Meeting; and such Person

so elected President or Chairman shall cause the rest of the said Guardians then assembled to proceed by

Way of Ballot to the Choice of twenty-four of the Guardians (twelve of whom shall not have been Di-

reAors the preceding Year), which twenty-four Persons so chosen shall be called Director* of the Poor within

the Isle of Wight \ and the said Guardians so assembled as aforesaid, shall by Ballot eleA and chuse one or

more other proper and substantial Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and one other sufficient

Person to be Clerk of the said Corporation of Guardians (who shall from Time to Time enter all their

Proceedings in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose), and likewise such other Officers as the said

Guardians shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act ; and the said Guardians shall and may take

Security by Bond, in a sufficient Penalty, with Sureties, from such Treasurer or Treasurers, or other

Officers, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices.

VII. And be^it further enacted, That the thirty-six aAing Guardians shall be elected in Manner fol-

lowing; (that is to say) The several Person assessed to the Poor, within their said several Parishes, shall

assemble and meet at their several and respeAive Parish Churches, at such Time as is herein after expressed,

in order to proceed to the Nomination of such Number of Persons qualified as Guardians, resident in such

Parish, (if so many can there be found, if not any Person or Persons, qualified as aforesaid, out of such

Parish) as shall be in the Proportion of one Guardian for every sixty Pounds which such Parish shall be

assessed to pay to the Poor; the Names of which Guardians so nominated shall, by the Churchwarden or

Churchwardens of the said several and respeAive Parishes, be set down in Writing, and delivered or trans-

mitted to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Corporation, at least ten Days before the said first Ge-

neral Meeting in June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six ; at which said first Meeting the said

DireAors shall set down in Writing such Number of Guardians as shall, out of the Number of thirty-six

aAing Guardians to be elected as herein after mentioned, be the just and proper Number of Guardians to

be allotted as Representatives or Representative of each such Parish, in Proportion to the Sum assessed upon

each such Parish as aforesaid ; and thereupon the said DireAors and Guardians present at such first General

Meeting shall begin with the said several Parishes in an alphabetical Order, and eleA by Ballot, out of

the whole Number of Guardians so returned by each respeAive Parish, such Number, to be the aAing

Guardian or aAing Guardians for such Parish* as shall be fa set down by the said DireAors to be the

4 proper

