C. 24*

A.D. 1775'. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III*

Warrant for Want of Distress of Goods.

1 Middlesex, To wit. To all Constables, Headboroughs, and other Peace Officers for the County of Mid*

1 dlesex, and also to the Keeper of Newgate, or of the Cafe may be.)

\JU HERE AS, in pursuance and by Authority of an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year

f W of the Reign of King George the Third, 44 For building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief

?( and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Afrri-

<c dlesex” now or late an Inhabitant, Holder, Landlord, Tenant, Occupier, or

t Enjoyer of Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Building, Tenement, or Here-

f ditament, or Part of some Building or Tenetnent, within the said Parish, was and is truly rated and

afiefted, or liable to pay the Sum of for and towards the Rate lately made

f in pursuance of the said Act: And whereas the said refuted or neglected to

4 pav the said Sum of Money to the Overseer of the Poor, pr to the Collector of the Races of the said Pa-

rim, although the fame was demanded, as appeared to us, two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

the bid County, upon Oath, whereupon we the said Justices granted our Warrant, bearing Date the

4 Day of directed to to levy the said

f Sum of on the said by Distress and Sale

of his Goods and Chattels, rendering to him the Overplus (if any): And whereas

4 one of the Constables or Headboroughs of the County of Middlesex, to whom the said

Warrant was so delivered to be executed, hath made a Return of the said Warrant, and certified to us,

That, upon Inquiry and Search, it appeareth unto him, that the said

4 had not any Goods or Chattels whereof a sufficient Distress could be had or taken to levy the said Sum of

and the said Sam is still due and unpaid, as appeareth also to us upon Oath:

f These are therefore, in his Majesty’s Name, to will and require you, and every of you, to apprehend

the foid and him safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of Newgate,

4 or the Keeper of (as the Justices shall think proper) or his Deputy, together'

4 with this Warrant: And we do also hereby command you the said Keeper, or Deputy Keeper, to re-

4 ceiye the said into your said Gaol, and him safely keep, without Bail or

-4 Mainprize, for Calendar Months (or other Time), unless such Money, and all reason*

f able Charges, shall hefooner paid.

f Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

Notice of Appeal

TN pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King

4 A George the Third, ci For building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the

44 Poor, within the ParUh of Saint James. Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex,” we do hereby give

4 you Notice,~That yre do intend to appeal to the next Sessions of the Peace, to be holden (if by Ad>- v

4 joumment, then those Words to be added) for the County of Middlesex, against the Pals, Order, Con-

4 viftion, or Determination (as the Cafe may be) of two of hi*

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, whereby they have (fating the Matter

4 tended to be appealed against.)

4 Dated the Day of

Form of Conviction.

4 BE k remembered. That on the Day of in the

4 -D Year of the Reign of King George the Think is convicted

4 before ^ ofnis Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of

4 Middlesex, by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

44 For building a Workhouse. and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the ParHh

44 of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesexof (fPeci/ying the Offence.)

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, (or my Hand and Seal,) the Day and Year aforesaid/

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of

Clergymen within the County of Huntingdon.

WHEREAS within the County of Huntingdon are many small Ecclesiastical Benefices, by reason prtimblt,

whereof it frequently happens that Clergymen of the said County die leaving their Widows and

4 Children in distressed Circumstances: And whereas divers charitable ted well-disposed Persons have

4 voluntarily subscribed towards the Relief and Support of such poor Widows and Children: And whereas

4 such Subscriptions might be enlarged, and many other Persons induced to become Sobscribers to thfe

4 Charity, by means whereof a more ample and permanent Provision might be made for such poor Wi-> v

4 dows and Children, if proper Persons were incorporated, with Powers to receive, manage, arid dispose

4 of, such charitable Donations, and to take and hold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the

4 Benefit of the said Charity may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be ilt

enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi»

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

a fame*

'

