C. 6.6, Anno decimo quarto Georgii II7» A. D. 1774*

CAP. LXVI.

fan A & for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much*

thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby conr

^tinned, and also such Clauses as relate to the construfting, printing, publishing, vend-

ing, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables * and for the more ef-

fectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Me-

thod for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation and for the

better making Experiments relating thereto.

Preamble. * 117 HERE AS an Act was made in the twelfth Year of die Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anns*

AditAmue. * W intituled. An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as Jhali discover the

A a 14 Geo. a. * Longitude at Sea \ and also another Apt was made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

* King George the Second, intituled. An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Headlands on the Coqfls if

4 Great Britain and Ireland, and the Inlands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Do*

Act 16 Geo. s. 4 lamination of the Longitude qnjl Latitude thereof \ and also another Act was made in the twenty-sixth

\ 4 Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more tjfeftual an Act, made in tbs

4 twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled* An Act for providing a publick Re-

4 ward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea* with regard to the making Expo*

4. riments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude ; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for put*

Act * Geo. 3, c ting in Execution the said Act-, and also another Act was made in the second Year of the Reign of his

* present Majesty, intituled. An Act for rendering more tjfeftual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

4 of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or

* Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, %uitk regard to making Experiments of Propofols made for

Act 3 Geo. 3. 4 discovering the Longitude; and also another Act was made in the third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled. An Act for the Encouragement of Jqhn Hayrifon to publish and make known his Invert-

Act 5 Geo. 3. 4 tion of a Machine or JVatch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea; and also two other Acts were made

4 in the fifth Year of the Reign of hi?* present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act for rendering mote.effect

4 tual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An Act for

4 providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with

,4 regard to tfje making Experiments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude \ and the other* intituled,

4 An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two /Iftsone made in the twelfth Tear of tbs. Reign of

* Queen Annfc, intituled, An Act'for providing a ptiblick Reward for such. Person or Persons as ifiaR dii-

€ cover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

* Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her

€ late Majesty Queen Anne, Intituled, An Act ’for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Perform

4 as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propofols made for dif-

c covering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commijponers for putting in Execution the said A ft;

Act xoGeo. 3. 4 and another Act was made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act

for* rendering more -effectual several Acts, fen providing a publick Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea

4 for improving the Lunar Tables cortftrufted^by the late Professor Mayer ; and for encouraging Discoveries anft

* Improvements useful to Navigation : And whereas it is highly expedient to encourage, by further Re-

A wards, such other Methods and Experiments as may conduce to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sreq*

4 and promote farther Improvements and Discoveries in Navigation; and to make more eftcftu^l Regi$-

4 lattons for the examining, trying, and judging of all Proposals, Experiments* and Improvements, re-

4 lating thereunto mayrit therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enafte4

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famt^

Afar Jane *4, That .each and every of the said recitedT Acts (save and except such Clause and Clauses in each or any of

*d AQinrV*^- ^>cm 38 relate to the Appointment or Authority of all or any of the Commissioners thereby respectively

ed, except^two” ^onstituted, and also such Clause and Clauses as relate to -the construfting, priming, pubiishing, vending*

Clauses. ?and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables), shall, from and after the twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, be, and are hereby repealed.

Sums, 11 Re- 4 II. And, for a due and sufficient Encouragement to any Person or Persons who shall discover any Mer

wards, given to ^thod or Methods for finding the said Longitude,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the first

Adtbws, i Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of each and every such Method or Methods, his qt their

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be intitled to, and have the Rewards or Sums of Money

ixerein-after mentioned ; that is to say. In case the Method proposed shall be, by Means of a Time-keeper,

the'Principles whereof have not hitherto been made publick, to the Reward or Sum of rive thousand

Pounds, if such Method determines the said Longitude to one Degree of a great Circle, or sixty geogra-

’ phical Miles ; to the Reward or Sum of seven thousand five hundred Pounds, if it determines the lame to

Two^thirds of that'Distance ; and to the Reward or bum of ten thousand Pounds, if it determines thp

fame to one Half of the said Distance: Which respective Rewards shall be due and paid ,when such Me-

thod shall have been sufficiently tried by the following Experiments and Voyages to be made and performed

- by such Persons, and under such Restrictions, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude

at Sea, respectively constituted by the above-recited Acts, or the major Part of them, shall think fit to

appoint and direct (that is to say) When and so soon as two or more Time-keepers, of the fame Con*

ftruftton.

