34-8

aos. Penalty on

laying Goous,

&c. in ihe

Street?, or ob-

iltu^ing the

fame by Car-

riage!.

Goods and Car-

riages obstruct-

the PalPge of

Streets may be

fei/rd till I’ay-

wnintof Penalty,

&c.

Tes. Pf.nlty on

driving Wheel-

barrow?, 4-c. on

the Foot Pave-

ment.

Hoards may be

erected for build-

ing or repairing

Houses,

los. Penalty

each Day, if

fitch Inclosures

be set up w ith-

out Leave.

Inhabitants to

f a etp tl e Foot

Path.every Day

{Sundays ex-

cepted).

Kou.fes to be

numbered, and

Karnes cf

Streets, ive. to

be fixed on the

Corner Houses.

5 1. Penalty on '

defacing Num-

bers or Na i cs.

Signs, 4c. to be

rosuil.ved.

Pr.nepjons, 4c,

to be rcmov'.d,

C. 54. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III, A.D. 1775.

Clerk or Surveyor for the said Commissioners of Pavement, forthwith summons the said Commissioners of

Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises into Consideration, which they are hereby authorised and

required to do at such Meeting; and also at the fame Meeting, or any adjourned or other Meeting, to ex-

ercife the several Powers and Authorities with which they are inverted^ in order that the said several Works

may be speedily and effectually done, completed, and finished.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever

shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause, or permit, or suffer to be thrown, caff, or laid, any Goods, Wares,

Merchandises, Timber, Stone, or other Materials, Allies, Duff, Dirt, Soil, or other Filth whatsoever,

before his, her, or their Dwelling house, Shop, Stable, Yard, Wharf, or other Tenement in the said

Dirtridi, nor shall place any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage in any of the said Streets*

Lanes, and Passages, so as to obstruct the free Pass age the re of, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Of-

fence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Timber,

Stone, or other Materials, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or other Things whatsoever, are set out,

placed, or laid in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places; or if any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or

other Carriage shall be placed or suffered to (land, remain, or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes,

or Places, so as to obflrudt the free Passage thereof; or in case any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Car-

riage ft)all be suffered to stand any longer than is needful and necefl'ary for loading or unloading thereof;

or if any such Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be placed or set across any Part of the said

Streets, Lanes, or Places, for any Purpose whatsoever, it shall and may be lawful, in any of the said Cafes,

for any one of the said Commissioners, or any one of their Officers, or other Person to be appointed by

them, or any of them, to remove Nufances, to seize, or cause to be seized, all such Goods, Wares, and

Merchandises, and also every such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, occasioning such

Obftmciiion, or so placed or suffered to (land, contrary to the true Meaning of this A&, together with

the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging, and remove the fame, or cause the fame to be removed, taken,

carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places to be appointed by the said Commissioners for (he im-

pounding of Goooods and Things to be seized, as aforesaid, there to remain until all Costs, Charges, and

Expences, attending the carrying away, depositing and detaining the fame, as aforesaid, as also a Sum not

exceeding twenty Shillings for each such Offence, shall be paid and discharged; and in case the said

Goods, Carriages, and Tilings so seized shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and

Charges paid, within three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Per—

fons making such Seizure to cause the fame tg be fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied,

for the Purposes of this A(SL

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or persons shall run,

drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavement of the said Streets,

Lanes, or Places, or any of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrows, or any Carriage of

other Thing whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for every such Offence, ten Shillings: And

it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to take the Person or Persons so offending

into Custody, and to lead him to a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, to-be dealt with,

pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful for any Person or Persons to erect or set up, or cause to be ereCted or set up, in any of the said

Streets, Lancs, or Places, any Scaffold, Inclosure, Poffs, Bars, or Rails, or other Matteis or Things,

for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or re-

pairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons firftobtaining Leave, under

the Hand of the Surveyor or Cleik for the Time being to the said Commissioners, for those Purposes re-

spectively: But if any Person or Persons shall ereCI or set up, or cause to be ercdled or set up, any such

Inclosures, Ports, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing, for the Purposes aforesaid, without such

Leave first had and obtained, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not

exceeding twenty Shillings for every Day such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall remain and.

continue-

XXyi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons-

inhabiting within the said Dirtridt shall sweep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot Paths

before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of fix and

nine in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted), upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Shillings for every Ne-

gleet therein.

XX VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners may order

and direct the Houses within the faiJ Streets, Lanes, and Places, to be numbered with Figures placed or

painted on the Doors or other Part of the said Houses respcCIively; and may also order and direct to be

eng: aved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or

near the End or Corner of each Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place adjoining to or be-

ginning near the said Streets, Lanes or Places r^spectlvely, hereby authorised to be paved, the Name by

which such Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place so adjoining, is usually or properly called

or known: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or de-

face, any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the

fame to be done, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and

may cause all Signs within the said Diffrict so be fixed or placed in the Front of such Houses respeiftively

where to the fame shall bffong; and also shall and may cause ail Trees, Poles, Porches, Sign-irons, Sign-

ports, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pentnoufes, Polls, Rails, Steps projecting on the Foot-ways, and Steps

i> or

