A.D. 177^. Anno decimo sexto Georgii IIL C. 37. 557

Chaleur% two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Labrador, two hun-

dred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Bristol,

To Newfoundland\ two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.—To Nova

Scotia, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Bay Chaleur y

one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Labrador, cne hundred

and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Poole,

To Newfoundland, three hundred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Nova Scctia%

one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Bay Chaleur, one hundred Tons

of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.— To Labrador, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one

hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Dartmouth,

To Newfoundland, three hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

—To Nova Scotiay one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

—To Bay Chaleur, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Qjarters of Pease.

—To Labrador, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

From the Ports of Topjkam and Tingmouthy within the Port of Exctery not exceeding in the

Whole from both Places,

To Newfoundland\ four hundred Tons of Biscuit, and six hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Nova Scotia,

two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.--To Bay Chaleur9 two hundred Tons

of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Labrador two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two*

hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Liverpoole9

To Newfoundlandy one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and thirty Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Weymouthy

To Newfoundlandy sixty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and twenty Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Chestery

To Neivfound/andy one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and twenty Quarters of Pease.

II. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled,'.

c An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn) it was (among other Things) enacted. That

4 nothing therein contained should extend to prohibit the Exportation from the Port of Londony to the

4 Island of Saint Helenay of any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding*

4 five hundred Quarters in the Whole, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants thereof, under the

4 Restrictions and upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And whereas the said Quantity of five hun-*

dred Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, is not sufficient for the necessary Use

and Consumption of the said Island of Saint Helenay and for the United East India Company’s Settle-*

4 ments in the East Indies be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Eift Ind>a Com*

patting of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said United Company to export annually from Great Britain foVxport^"^

to the said Island of Saint Helenay Bencoolcny and to their Settlements in the East Indiesy or any of them, nUaiiy 1000"

any Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding one thousand Quar-' Qmtm of

ters in the Whole, under the Restrictions and upon the Terms and Conditions in the said recited Act vvW, Flour,

provided and contained, as respecting the Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, thereby allowed to be *c: *!om 9r?at

exported to the said Island of Saint Helena j any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary. Hcl

thereof notwithstanding. coolen,’&c.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Articles The said Arti-

exported as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, {hall be subject to the like Securities at the respective Ports c,e# t°besubjea

from whence they are exported, that the fame shall not be landed or fold in any Parts whatsoever other corit^&r^n

than the respective Places for which the fame {hall be entered and declared for Exportation, and in all rY^uarion/at

other respects not altered by this Act {hall be liable to such and the like Rules, Restrictions, and Regula- dirrtUd by Act

tions *. and the Persons granting or making any false Certificate, or counterfeiting,*erasing, or falsifying any 14 Geo. III.

Certificate, or knowingly publishing such Certificate so counterfeited, erased, or falsified, shall be subject to

the fame Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said re-

cited Acts, made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall and

may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and applied, in the Manner directed by those Acts.

‘ IV. And whereas his Majesty, by an Order in Council, bearing Date the thirtieth Day of Junehft, ,

4 was pleased to order that a Quantity of Biscuit, not exceeding one thousand Tons, should be allowed

4 to be exported to Newfoundlandy Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleury and Labradory from the Date thereof, until

the twenty-fourth Day of July following, which Time was afterwards prolonged by his Majesty’s fur-

4 ther Order in Council, bearing Date the eleventh Dav of August last; and his Majesty, by another Or-

4 der in Council, bearing Date the twelfth Day of July last, was pleased to order that two hundred Tons

4 of Biscuit {hould be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, from the Port of Liverpool; and also that

fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease, should be allowed to be exported from the

4 Port of Weymouth \ and likewise two hundred Quarters of Pease from the Port of Poole; which said Or-

4 ders could not be justified according to the drift Forms of Law, and yet were so much for the Service

4 of the Public, and so necefiaiy for the Safety and Preservation of his Majesty’s Subjects in those Parts,

that the fame ought to be justified by Act of Parliament > and all Persons advising, acting under, or in

7 4 Obe-

L.

