*4-

Security.

Pnw?r to remove

them, and <p-

pomc otheri,

ai}<3 pay them

fabrics.

To allot a Pew

to the Mioifter.

The rest of the

Pews to be fjb-

je<£t to annual

Rent*, and to

such Regula-

tions, Sec.

flull be made by

the Trustees,

An »tru1 Pay

anent to be made

to the Re<£>r r,

is a Satisfaction

for his fix other

Pews in ihe old

Church.

Power af mak-

ing Rules, Or-

der s, and Regu-

lations for keep

ing the new

phu'ch, and the

said Church-

yard, Arc. in

Repair.

No undue Pre-

ference to be

taken by the

Trtrft* a v ith

ref,->e& ro the

Jetting of the

Pc vis.

N Rents or Or-

ders, Sec. to b:

altered or re-

pealed,

ercepr at a Meet-

ing of th: Trial*

ftcei.

C. 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774-*

one or more fit and able Person or Persons, if necessary, to inspect the Works intended to be carried on

under or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and alia to appoint such other Person or Persons as may

be necdlary for any of the Purposes of this A&, with such Allowances as they shall think reasonable or

proper; and shall and may take such Security as they shall think proper from the Person or Persons so to

be employed and appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, for the due Discharge or Performance of their

respetSlive Undertakings, or of the Trusts in them respe£live!y reposed: Anti that it shall and may be

lawful likewise to and for such Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any such Meeting as aforesaid,

from Time to Time, to remove such Person or Persons as may be so appointed as aforesaid, or any of

them, and to appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or of such as shall happen to

die, or may discontinue any such Office or Offices, as aforesaid, as and when they shall think fit or ne-

ceflary so to do; and also by anJ out of the Monies arising by virtue or under the Power of this Act, to

pay, or cause to be paid, such Salaries, or other Allowances, as such Trustees shall judge reasonable, for

and in consideration of the Employment and Employments, Office and Offices, of the Persons so to be ap-

pointed as la ft aforesaid respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustee6, or any five or more of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings, to set out or allot unto

or for the Rt&or or Minister of the said Parish Church for the l ime being one of the Pews to be built

or made in the said intended Church, for or in lieu of one of the seven Pews which the present Rector or

Minister of the said old Church, and his Predecessors, Rectors thereof, have for Time immemorial of

Right been intitled to have and enjoy therein, and without paying any Coinpcnfation or Satisfaction for

the fame, such new Pew not being inferior, in Point of Goodness and Convenience, to the Pew in the

said old Church, now occupied by the present Tenant of the Parfonap'? House at Clapham aforesaid; but

that the rest of the Pews and Seats in the said intended Church, fh;ll, from Time to Time, be subjedi or

liable to such annual Rems, and to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations with respect to the letting or dif-

posing thereof to or amongst the Paiifhioners of the said Parish, as Audi be rated or assessed, and made,

from Time to Time, by the said Trustees, or any five or mote of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings

as aforesaid.

4 X. And whereas the remaining fix Pews belonging to the said Rector, as aforesaid, have been usually

4 let to some of the Parishioners of the said Parish at moderate Rents, and which do now amount to the

4 annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings:, And whereas the said Rector is willing to relin-

4 guish his Claim to an Allotment of Pews in the said intended new Church, as a Compensation for his

4 said fix Pews in the said old Church, in consideration of having the clear annual Sum of twelve Pounds

and twelve Shillings secured to be paid to him and his Successors, out of the annual Rents to be reserved

and made payable to the said Trustees in respect of the said Pews in the said intended new Church;

be it therefore enacted, That from the Time the said intended new Church (lull be completed for the Ce-

lebration of Divine Service, there shall, yearly and every Year, for ever thereafter, be paid unto the said

Rector, and his Successors, in Compensation and Satisfaction of and for the said fix Pews in the said old

Church so belonging to the said Rector as aforesaid, the full annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve

Shillings, by and out of the annual Rents which shall, from Time to Time, be collected and received for

and in respect of the said Pews in the said intended new Church, as aforesaid, clear of all Taxes and De-

dudtions whatsoever; which said annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings the said Rector, and

his Successors, shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to have, receive, demand, and take, of and from

the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be the Collector or Collectors of the Rents of the

said Pews in the said intended new Church; and every Payment so made by such Collector or Collectors

shall be allowed 10 him or them by the said Trustees, as a full Discharge for the Sum of twelve Pounds

and twelve Shillings, in the Account of Monies which shall by him or them be collected for the Rents

of the Pews in the said intended new Church as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, or any five or mote of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings, likewise to make such

Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the keeping of the said intended Church, and the Fence or Wall

by which the Area cncompnffing the fame shall be inclosed, and other the Appurtenances thereunto be-

longing, and also the said Church-yard or Cemetery, and the said North Aide or Place,^so to be appro-

priated and used for the performing of Funeral Service, as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, in good

and sufficient Repair, and decent Order or Condition; and also such other Rules, Orders, and Regula-

tions, in and concerning the Premises, or any of them, as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, fha!l appear reasonable, necessary, and convenient.

XU. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no undue Preference what-

soever shall be had or taken by the said Trustees, or any of them, with respect to the letting or dif-

posing of the said Pews or Scats; and that in the 11tting or disposing of any such Pews or Seats to or in

favour of any of the faiJ Trustees, such Trustee shall be, and he is hereby excluded from interfering or

giving any Vote or Voice therein; and that no such Rents for Pews or Seats, or Rules, Orders, and Regula-

tions so to be made as aforesaid, shall be in Force until confirmed by the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, not being interested as aforesaid, at the next or some subsequent publick Meeting or Meetings to

be had in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid; and that no such Rents of Pews or for Seats, nor any Rules,

Orders, or Regulations, when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be repealed or altered, except at

a like Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden as aforesaid; and that such Trustees, or any five or more

of them, assembled at such Meeting, shall be, and they arc hereby authorised and impowered, from Time

to Time, to 2ker such Rents, Rates, or Fees, and to repeal or alter such Rules, Orders, and Regulations,

or any Part thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

3 XIII. And

