460

Walter Taylor

to grant Li-

cences, Sec. on

certain Condi-

tions.

Public Alt.

Prom the passing

■of this Alt till

Match 15,1777,

Merchant Ships,

Sec. may be na-

vigated with

3-4ths Foreign-

ers.

This Alt not to

retrain his Ma-

jesty’a Royal

Proclamation,

Ac.

C. 19, 20, 21. Anno decimo (exto Georgii III.- A.D. 1776.

MIL And whereas sundry Persons licensed by the said Walter Taylor are now under Contract to supply

c his Majesty’s Navy and Ordnance with such Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, paying for such Licence cer-

4 tain Rates for every hundred Pounds for which such Wares shall be fold, in consideration of his inspect-

4 ing the Engines, Tools, and Instruments used therein, and ordering and direfling the Repairs thereof:

4 And whereas the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, or the Principal Officers of the Ordnance,

4 may from Time to Time hereafter think proper to contrast with the fame or other Persons for the Supply

4 of his Majesty’s Navy or Ordnance with the said Articles/ be it further enacted, That it shall not be

lawful for him the said Walter Taylor, his Executors, Administrators, orAffigns, to refuse such Licence

as may be required from him or them, to any Person or Persons for whom the fame shall be demanded or

required by the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, or by the principal Officers of Ordnance for

the Supply of his Majesty’s Navy or Ordnance, or to demand or take any further Profit or Advantage on

granting such Licence, beyond the Rate of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds for which such

Blocks, Sheavers, or Pins, shall be fold, in pursuance of such Contrast.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-six.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of

War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

1 TTOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and oti

4 J/ board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels / be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven,

and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which (hatl

be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

seven, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the

Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship or other Trading

Ship or VefleJ, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or

of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized Subjects,

so as the Number of such foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at

any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship or other Trading Ship or Vessel 5 and that One-

fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be, at all Times, Natives or his Majesty’s natu-

ralized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved

and excepted); one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation)y or any

other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effefl

of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue

of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Supply

of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majestys Ships of Wary and on board Merchant Ships, and other

Trading Ships and Privateers)•

CAP. XXL

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

making navigable the River Stroud-water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near

Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town (f Stroud, in the same County; and for giving other Powers*

for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid.

€< Act 1 Geo. II. for making navigable the River Stroud-water, recited. Act ^z Geo. II. for amending,

44 &c. the former Act; whereby other Persons were impowered to make the said Navigation within a

44 limited Time, or to forfeit all Engines, Machines, &c. Article of Subscription entered into by the

44 present Undertakers, Dec. 8, 1774., recited. Commissioners under the former Act appointed new Un-

44 dert.kers, to make the Navigation, who have begun the fame. Undertakers for completing the

44 Navigation appointed, and incorporated. Their Name and Powers. The Manner in which the

44 Navigation shall be made. Company of Proprietors may open Drains, &c. for carrying off waftc Water.

44 Trenches not to be made through Dwelling-houses, Gardens, &c. Company to make Arches, £sY#

44 to drain the adjoining Lands, and keep them in good Repair. Company to separate the Towing-paths

44 from adjoining Lands, £sV. In case Company neglect to erect Gates, Bridges, on Side of Towing-

44 path. Occupiers of adjacent Lands may do it, at the Expence of the Company. Penalty if the Com-

44 pany make Default in Payment. In case the Bridges, provided by Direction of the Commissioners,

44 are inefficient, the Land Owners may provide more at their own Expence, foas the Navigation be not

44 obstructed.

