274

Pier nnc! Wharfs

t h :ir&raliie with

■i!'" Fjya er.t cf

iot. per Anni-in

<( r the Groui.d

-purt haled.

Trolees to pay

the {aid iol. per

A rum m out v.f

theTolls.

Trustees may

opurchafi; Other

Xonds«

Bodies Politick,

or other Persons

under Incapa-

city, impowered

to convey Lands,

£tc«

feoffeea in

Trust, Sec, -in-

demnified for io

doing.

<If Persons fuf-

•tain Damage by

Neglect or De-

fault, Trustees

Tray settle the

Recompence 5

but if such Per-

font be difT-itis-

fied, a Jury to

besummoned*

Jurymen may be

challenged;

and Witnesses

anay be exarnin-

C. '62. Anno decimo quinto Georgii UJ* A. D. 1775.

as their absolute Estate and Property, for the Purposes of this Act, for ever, free from all Charges, In-

cumbrances, and Estates whatsoever, subject only to the said annual Sum of ten Pounds.

6 VII. And that in Consideration thereof,* be it further enacted, That the said Pier and Wharfs, and

the Tolls and Duties hereby laid and jmposed, shall, in the first Place, be liable to and charged with the

clear annual Sum of ten Pounds, to be paid and payable to the present and future Owners of the said an-

cient Dues and Pieces of Ground herein before described, for ever, at two Days or Times in the Year,

by equal Portions, that is to say, the twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December

in every Year, the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on such of the said Days as shall first hap-

pen after the parting of this Act; and that the Person or Persons, the Pofleflors of Nanfwbydden and Ma-

nors of Mcvagiffey, who for the Time being shall be intitled to the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, shall

have and be intitled to all such Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the fame as are ufuilty

given in the Cafes of Rent-charge.

‘ VIII. And, for the more regular and punctual Payment of the said annual Sum of ten Pounds,* be it

further enabled. That the said Trustees, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby authorised and

directed, from Time to Time, as the said annual Sum shall become due, to pay the fame out of the said

Trull Monies then or which shall afterwards first come to their Hands, any Thing in this Act contained

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power

and Authority to agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any other Buildings, Houses,

Grounds, or Estates, as they shall find necessary for, them to be possessed of, or to be removed, or other-

wife employed, for the better Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

X. 4 And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, FeoF-

* fees in Trust, Infants, Femes-covert, or others disabled by Law to grant or convey the Inheritance in

4 Lands, may be seised of Lands and Tenements which may be necessary to be conveyed and made use of

4 for the Purposes of this Act;* be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes-

covert, or other Ccftuique Trusts, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or

shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and

agree with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at their publick Meeting or Meetings, from

Time to Time to be appointed for the Sale of, and to convey to the said Trustees, or their Suc-

ceflors, for such valuable Consideration as shall be bona fide agreed upon, such Buildings, Houses, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, adjudged

necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid ; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Con-

veyances, which shall be bona fide made for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be good and effectual' in Law to

all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That all reoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons aforesaid, are and shall be hereby indemnified for

what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, fuftaio any

Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Hereditaments, or Property, by the Execution of any of the Power*

of this Act, by any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Trustees, or of the Workmen employed therein, or

otherwise, in every such Cafe, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power, from

Time to Time, and at all Times, to settle and agree upon such Recompence and Satisfaction to he made

for the fame to the Person or Persons injured or aggrieved, as they shall judge (it and reasonaMe to be paid,

out of the Monies arising or to be raised in pursuance or by virtue of this Act; but if it shall happen that

the Person or Persons making Complaint of such Losses or Damages shall dislike or be dissatisfied with such

Recompence and Satisfaction, in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or

more of them, and they are hereby required and impowered, from Time to Time, upon Request in Writ-

ing to be made or given to them, or any five or more of them, by such Person or Persons injured or ag-

grieved as aforesaid, to issue out their Warrantor Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff

for the Time being of the said County of Cornwall, requiring such Sheriff to impanhel, summon, and

return, and the said Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return, a Jury of

twenty-four able and sufficient Men, qualified according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to be re-

turned for Trials of IiTues joined in his Majesty’s Courts at JVcftminficr, to appear before the said Trustees,

or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in and by such Warrant or Warrants shall be

appointed, and alfoto return IiTues upon every Person so impannelled and returned the Sum of forty Shil-

lings, which shall be duly estreated and levied ; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen ap-

pearing, such Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by,

or that can speedily be procured toattend that Service, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve ;

and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen:

And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, by Warrant or Warrants

under their Hands and Seals, from TimetoTime, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before

them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in

question: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may authorise and order the said Jury, or

any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter in question; which Jury, upon their

Oaths, to be administered by the said Trustee, (which Oaths, and also proper Oaths to such Person or

Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses before the said Trustees, the said

Trustees, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), shall inquire how far the

said

e

G. ogl

