6i6

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III

A. D. 1776,

C. 6r.

. ♦ '

Preattbfer

A A 8 Ells, re-

cited.

Trustees ap«

pointed.

Trustees to be

sworn as to their

Qualifications.

The Oath.

Penalty on Per-

fens acting not

being duly qua-

lified.

First General

Meeting of

TruAces.

CAP. LXI.

An Act forerefting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near the Port of

Chester^ and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said

Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and

from the City of Chester; and for fixing the Rates payable for the fame respectively.

4 TWHEREAS a.considerable Trade is carried on from the Port of Chester to foreign Parts, and

4 VV coastways ; and a Number of Vessels, as well as his Majesty’s Yacht, arc frequently employed in

4 conveying Passengers between Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the Navigation of the said Port

4 from the City of Chester to the Sea hath been much improved at a great Expence ; notwithstanding

* which, in dark and tempestuous Nights, the fame is (till very difficult, precarious, and uncertain, and

4 the Lives and Properties of many of his Majesty's Subjects have been loft: And whereas, if proper

4 Lighthouses and Landmarks were erected at convenient Places within or near the said Port, and Buoys

4 placed upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port, and other Improvements made

4 therein, the Navigation of the said Port would be rendered more safe, commodious, and certain, for all

4 trading Ships and Vessels, and also for his Majesty’s Ships of War: And whereas, by virtue of an Act

4 of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of our late Soveieign Queen Elizabeth, (intituled,

4 An All concerning Sea-marks, and Mariners) the MLfter,; Wardens, and Afliliants, of the Trinity-house

4 of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, are impowered to erect and set up such and so many Beacons,

4 Marks and Signs, for the Sea, in such Places of the Sea-shore Uplands near the Sea-coasts, or Fore-

4 lands of the Sea, only for Sea-marks, as to them shall irem meet; and by Letters Patent under the

4,"Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the elevent 1 Day of June, in the thirty-sixth Year of the

*' Reign of the said late Queen, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage, and the foie Right and Power of

4 making, setting up, placing, continuing, renewing, and maintaining, of all Beacons, Buoys, Marks,'

4 and Signs, for the Sea, and all Fees, Profirs, Advantages, Emoluments, Rights, and Appurtenances,'

4 due, payable, appertaining, or belonging thereto, or for or in respect thereof, are vested in them ; and

4 the said Corporation have conferited that the Lighthouses, Buoys, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, herein

4 after authorised to be erected and placed, shall and may be erected, placed, and maintained, according

4 to the Directions of this Act;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the City of

Chester, for the Time being, the Commander of his Majesty’s Yacht for the Time b ing, the Pilot of hisr

Majesty’s Yacht for the Time being, the Collector and Surveyor of the Port of Chjler for the Time

being, and also every other Person for the Time being resident in the City of Chester, or in the County,

of Chester ox Flint, who shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be seised of a real Estate of,

the annual Value of one hundred Pounds, or possessed of a personal Efhite to the Amount or Value o&

tw,o thousand Pounds, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Trustees for putting in^xecu-*

tion all and every the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, given and granted in and by this Act; and that

no Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Exc-*

cution of this Act.

II. Provided, That no Person or Persons (except the said Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City*

of Chester for the Time being, the Commander of his Majesty’s Yacht for the Time being, the Pilot of

his Majesty’s Yacht for the Time being, or the Collector or Surveyor of the Port of Chester for the Time

being) shall act as a Trustee or Trustees under this Act in any Cafe (except in administering ihe Oath

to any other of the said Trustees) until he or they shall have first taken and subsciihed the following Oath,

before any three or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer

the fame to any other of the said Trustees; to wit,

4 T A. B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, seised

4 of a real Estate of the annual Value of one hundred rounds, or possessed of a personal Estate to the

4 Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds. So help meG O D.'

And if any Person hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to act, shall nevertheless presume to act con-

trary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall, for every such OlFence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be

recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe,

Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eftbin, Protection; or Wager of Law, or more than one

Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and such Person acting as a Trustee, so sued or prosecuted in respect of his

Qualification,- shall prove, upon the Trial of the Suit or Cause, that he is duly qualified as herein before

is directed, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, without any other Proof or Evi->

dence on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Exe-

cution of this Act. ^

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first General Meeting of the Trustees for

putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the Town-hall in the City cf Chester* within two Months

next after the passing of this Act; and that a Notice, signed by three of the said Trustees, signifying the

Day

