338

Justices, on

Proof of Notice

given, to proceed

in a fummarjr

Way, and their

Determination

to be final.

Note*, Bills of

Exchange, Scc,

issued before

Tone *4, 1775,

for left than

not. to be pay*

able on Demand.

If Persona refuse

Payment of such

Bills, Sec. for

three Days,

Justices, on

Complaint of

the Holders, may

1. summon them,

and on their Ap-

pearance or De-

fault, Ac. shall

proceed to deter-

mine the Com-

plaint, and a-

ward Payment,

and such Costs,

as to such Juf-

tices shall ft cm

meet.

On Refofal to

pay, Sum and

Costs to be le-

vied by Distress.

No Proceedings

for enforcing

Payment, Arc. to

he qualhed for

want of Form,

Ac.

No Per (on to be

proceeded against

unlefa Informa-

tion be made on

Oath before a

Justice.

JLimitation of

Anions.

Central Issue.

^Treble Costs.

Continuance of

this Act.

Publick Act.

C. 51. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1775.

Justices at such Quarter Sessions (which Notice of Appeal being not less than four Days before the Trial

thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby impowered to give); and the said Justices at such Session, upon

due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear

and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs

to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Deter-

mination of such Quarter Session {hall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and immediately after the patting

of this A ft, all and every such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, for

the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money less than the Sum of twenty Shillings, apd being negotiable

or transferable, as shall have issued previous to the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall be, syid they

are hereby declared and adjudged to be, payable upon Demand > any Terms, Restrictions, or Conditions,

therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person liable to the Payment of

any of such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as last aforesaid, shall

cegleft or fail to make full Payment in Money of the Sum or Sums for which such Notes, Bills of Ex-

change, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, shall be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof

as shall be or remain due thereon respectively, by the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by

the Holder or Holders of such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, it

shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding*

City, Division, or Place, where the Person or Persons respectively so refilling to pay any of such Notes,

Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as last aforesaid, shall or may happen to be

or reside, and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required, upon Complaint made by the Holder or

Holders thereof, to summon the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made ; and after

his, her, or their Appearance, or in Default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath (and which Oath such

Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered to admrmfter), of such Summons or Warning having been

fiven, such Justice or Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such

urn to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively liable to the Payment of every such Note, Bill of

Exchange, Draught, or Undertaking, in Writing, to the Holder or Holders thereof, as shall appear to

such Justice or Justices to be due thereon, together with such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of

twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse

or neglect to pay or satisfy such Sum of Money, as upon such Complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged,

upon the fame being demanded, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and

Seal or Hands and Seals, cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party so

neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale,

returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

X. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any

Offender or Offenders against this Act, or for enforcing Payment of such Notes, Bills of Exchange,

Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as aforesaid, as have issued previous to the patting of this Act,

with Costs as aforesaid, mall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari* or any

other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of fiis Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XI. Provided also, That no Person shall be proceeded against for any of the Offences against this Act as

aforesaid, unless Information shall be ftiade thereof upon Oath before some Justice of the Peace for the

County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Offence shall be committed, within twenty Days after

such Offence shall be committed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, such Action

or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not

afterwards; and the fame, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought within the County where the

Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit

shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial

to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if

the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time

limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore-mentioned, then the

Jury shall fin8 for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfutt,

or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if

upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant

or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force only for the Term of five Years,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be.taken and allowed to be a Publick Act in all

Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

p

CAP.

Goog e

