The TITLES of the STATUTES.

69* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden otherwise Cuttef-

den, in the Parish of Bredon, in the County of Wor-

after.

;©. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fens,

Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Sfuadring, and in Opuadring

Hundred, in the County of Lincoln.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinjley, in the

Parish of Greaftey, in the County of Nottingham.

72* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-

tain Stinted Pasture, called Stockham Marsh, in the Pa-

rish of BremhiU, in the County of Wilts $ and for exo-

nerating certain old inclosures within the said Parish

from the Payment of Tithes.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

and Commonable Places, of Long Itchington, and Bajcote,

in the County of Warwick.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cum Bound, in the

County of Nottingham.

75. An Act for divining and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Giounds, within the Parish of Knap-

welly in the County of Cambridge.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish

and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of North-

ampton.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field and Commonable Land, lying within the

Townships, Liberties, and Rrecinfts of Upper Tadmar-

ton and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford.

78* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within

the Han lets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea

Marston, in the County of IVarwick; and also certain

Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton,

in the Parish of Curdvjoith, in the said County.

75. An Act for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open

and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Com-

mon Downs, called Southcott and Kepnell Downy Work

Downy and other Commonable Places ; and also for di-

viding and inclosing Pew fey Common, in the Parish of

PewJejy in the County of iPilts.

go* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds,

in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford.

$1. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of

Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons

and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Kildale,

in the County of York.

$2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds,

within the Towtiship, Liberties, and Precincts of Clay-

deny in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pa-

rish of Todnam otherwise Todenham, in the County of

Gloucester.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called

Alnham Moor or Alnham Common, and also the Infield

Grounds of the Township of Alnham, in the Pariin of

Alnhamy in the County of Northumberland.

6

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable

Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties

of Spaldwick withUpthorpe. in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene Mer-

chant W'ith full an a Greene, otherwise Judge, his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act for naturalizing Levina Benjamina G00drieke.

88. An Act for rendering effectual a Proposal, or Agree-

ment, made between the Duke of Buccleugh and the

Lord Bishop of Winchester, for exchanging and enfran-

chifing certain Leasehold and Copyhold Lands and He-

reditaments, in the Parish and Manor of Adderbury, in

the County of Oxford; and for enabling the said Bishop

to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned.

89. An Act for appointing new Trustees, to carry into

Execution an Act, passed in the eighth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more ef-

fectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majest\, intituled, An Atf

for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of Washington

Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for fa~

tisfying the Incumbrances and Portions ajfcCling the fames

and the rest of the settled Estate, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned, in the Room and Stead of those ap-

pointed by the said Act, who are desirous of resigning

the Trust thereby reposed in them.

90. An Act for the Sale and Enfranchisement of certain

Copyhold Tenements and Premises, in the Parish of

Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estate be-

longing to the Free Grammar School there, for the Pur-

pose of erecting a publick Cloth Hall, and making Ave-

nues or Passages thereto ; and for applying the Purchase

Money for the Benefit of the said School.

91. An Act to confirm several Building Leases, already

granted by the Right Honourable the Earl of Sefton, of

the Kingdom of Ireland, of Part of his settled Estates in

the County of Lancaster ; and to enable him during his

Life, and after his Decease the Trustee during the Mi-

nority of any Infant, to grant other Building and* Im-

proving Leases \ and for other Purposes in the said Act

mentioned.

92. An Act for vesting certain Lands at Hadley, in the

Parish of Wellington, in the County of Salop, devised by

the Will of the Reverend Joshua Pulfora Clerk, de-

ceased, in Joshua Freeman and his Heirs.

93. An Act to enable the Reverend Edmund Hodjhon,

Rest or of Sjennithorne, in the County of York, to ex-

change the Tithes of the Townships of Hamby and Sptn-

nit borne, for Lands in the Parish of G over ham, in the

County of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, te

be settled to the fame Ules.

94. An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the

Powers granted by an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah

Eaton deceased, and by her devised to the Provo ft, Fellows,

and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the University of

Oxford, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the

Purchase of Fee Simple Estates; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned; and for indemnifying the acting Trus-

tee or Trustees, appointed under the said Act, for hav-

ing expended a larger Sum of Money than allowed by

that Act ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Wootion IVawen otherwise

Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

