A.D. .1774

C. 49,

9*

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for regulating Madhouses*

c WHEREAS many great and dangerous Abuses frequently arise from the present State of Houses

VV kept for the Reception of Lunaticks, for want of Regulations with respect vto the Persons keep-

4 ing such Houses, the Admission of Patients into them, and the Visitation by proper Persons of the said

4 Houses and Patients: And whereas the Law, as it now (lands, is insufficient for preventing or discover-

ing (kich Abuses ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and

after the twentieth Day of November 9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, if any Person or Per-

fons, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ the Dominion of Wales9 or Town of Berivick upon

*7weed9 shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, conceal* harbour, entertain, or confine, in any House or

Place, kept for the Reception of Lunaticks, more than one Lunatick, at any one Time, without having

such Licence for that Purpose, as is herein-after directed (except such Lunaticks as are committed by the

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the (jreat

Seal for the Time being), every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five

hundred Pounds,

4 II. And, in order that proper Persons may be appointed for vifiting such Houses as shall he licensed and

4 kept for the Reception of Lunaticks, within the Cities of London and Westmins\er9 and within seven Miles

4 of the fame, and within the County of Middlesexj be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

the President and Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians in London for the Time being, at a General

Meeting of the said College, to be held upon the last Day of September, or if that Day falls upon Sunday,

then upon the fird Day of Oftober9 in every Year, shall elect nve Fellows of the said College for granting

such Licences as aforesaid, within the said Cities of London and Westmin(ler9 and within seven Miles of the

fame, and within the said County of Middlesex9 according to the Directions of this Act; and the said five

Fellows, so elected, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Commissioners for granting such Licences

within the Limits aforesaid, for the Year then next ensuing; provided that two, at lead, of the said Fel-

lows, to be so elected, shall be Persons who have not aftea as Commissioners for the preceding Year 5 and

that no Person whatsoever shall be capable of being elected, or of acting as a Commissioner, for more than

three Years successively.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case, at any Time of Election, there shall not be found a suffi-

eient Number of fellows qualified or willing to act as Commissioners, the said President and Fellows

are hereby required, upon every such Deficiency, to elect one or more from among the Licentiates to top-

ply the fame,.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any of the Commissioners,

to be elected as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act, the said President is hereby required to call a Meeting

of the said Fellows, within fourteen Days next after such Death or Refusal shall be known to the said Pre-

sident, in order to elect a Commissioner in the Room of every Commissioner who shall so die, or refuse to

aft*, and every Commissioner, so to be elected, shall be, and is hereby veiled with the fame Power and

Authority, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall be chosen was vested

with.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be elected a Commissioner to act within the

Cities of London and Ir ejflminjhr* and within seven Miles of the fame, and within the County of Middlesex9

as aforesaid, shall, within ten Days after such Election, take the following Oath; (that is to say)

4 T A. B. dofwear. That I will faithfully and impartially execute all the Trusts committed untome, by

4 A virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

4 intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses; and that I will not, directly or indirectly, give Notice, or

4 cause Notice to be given to the Keeper, or Person having the Care of any House or Place licensed for the

4 Reception of Lunaticks, of the Time of Visitation of such House or Place.

So help me GOD.'

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for the President of the College of Physicians for the Time being to

administer to every such Commissioner, so to be elected as aforesaid, upon the Day he shall be so elected,

or within ten Days afterwards: And in case any Person who shall be elected a Commissioner as aforesaid,

and who shall be summoned by the President of the said College to attend the said President to take the said

Oath, at such Time as shall be mentioned in such Summons, shall refuse or neglect to attend, or attend-

ing, shall refuse to take the said Oath, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be applied to the

Use of the said College.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, so to be elected

as aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall meet in the Hall, or some other convenient Place in the

said College, as often as they (bail think fit, so as such Meetings do not interfere with the Meetings of the

Board of Censors, nor with any other General Meeting of the College of Physicians; and that at all

Meetings of the said Commissioners to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, the Commissioner who is of

the longed (landing in the College shall be the Chairman.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said College for the Time being shall be the

Tieafuw for the Purposes of this Aft9 and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

N 2 shall)

Preamble,

After Nov.” *,

1774, if any

Ferfen conceal

more than one

Lunatick with-

out Licence, he

{hall forfeitjcol*

R oyal College of

Physicians in

London, on the

la ft Day of Sept,

yearly, may el ft

five Fellow 1 for

granting Licen-

ces, See.

who are declared

to be Com m if-

fionerr for that

Purpose.

If a sufficient

Number of Fel-

lows be not qua-

lified, See, a Li-

centiate may

aft. Sec.

In case of Death,

Sec. President to

caH a Meeting

for the Election

of another Com-

missioner*

Every Commis-

fioner to take

the following

Oath*

Commissionera

not attending,

or refusing to

talce the Oath,

forfeit 5I.

Comm flionera

Meetings to be

In the College

Hall, See.

Treasurer of tho

Crliege to be

Trcauieifortbe

