A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii IN. C. 28.

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not, nor shall any of them, be

obliged by virtue of this Act to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any

Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained, or supposed to

be sustained, by virtue of this Act, unless Application hath been or shall be made in relation thereto, by

or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns,

or to their known Agent or Agents, or to some Collector or Collectors of the Tolls arising from the said

Navigation in the County where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, within the Space of six Calendar

Months next after the Time such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or

committing thereof shall have ceafod.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons, who, in any Examinations

to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or any of them,

or before any Justices of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame ; and, upon Conviction

thereof, shall be subject to such Punishments and Difaualifications as any Person or Persons can or may

be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm*

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That upon Payment of such Sum or

Sums of Money, or annual Rent, as shall be contrafted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined

and adjusted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or assessed by such Juries in Manner

respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, to the Proprietors

thereof, or other Persons intitled to receive such Money or Rent respectively, or legal Tender thereof

made to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, or to the principal Officer or Officers

of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, at any Time after the fame shall have been so agreed

for, determined, or assessed ; or if he, she, or they cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept such Money

or Rent, upon Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more

of them, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, for the Use of, and to be paid upon Demand,

without Fee or Reward, to such Proprietors or Persons respectively as aforesaid ; then, and in such Cafe,

such Lands and Grounds respectively, and the Fee-firople and Inheritance thereof, shall from thenceforth

be veiled fn, and become for ever the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors ,

and Assigns, to and for the Use of the said Navigation, but to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever ;

and it shall and may be lawful taand for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns,

their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the fame, and to dig, cut, trench,

sough, and remove. Earth, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, and all other Obstructions, for the

making, using, maintaining, and repairing the said Canal, and collateral Cuts, and Towing-paths on the

Sides thereof, in or upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Satisfaction shall be

deemed or act'efled as aforesaid, and thereupon to make, erect, or do, any Works, Matters, or Things, for

the effecting and carrying on the said Navigation, and for the supporting and maintaining the fame, as

the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall think requisite ; and to have, use, and

enjoy the fame, to and for their own Use and Benefit, for the Purposes of the said Navigation ; and this

Act shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said Commissioners, as the said Company of Proprietors,

their Successors and Assigns, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, for what they or any of them

shall do by virtue of the rowers hereby granted.

XXyill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Determinations of the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, which shall be submitted to and acquiesced in by the Parties

concerned* and also the said Verdicts and Judgments (being first signed by five or more of the Commission-

ers who shall be present at the making of such Determinations, or the taking of such Verdicts, and pro-

nouncing such Judgments respectively; shall be transfmitted to, and kept by, the respective Clerks or the

Peace, amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Counties of Stafford or JVor-

ujler respectively* a9 the Cafe shall require, and shall be deemed to be Records of the said Quarter Sessions

to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed 'to be good Evidence

in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, as also the Inrolments of

such Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, as are herein-before mentioned, paying for each

Inspection the Sum of one Shilling, and to take Copies thereof without Stamps, paying for every Copy,

not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any less Number of

Words; and immediately on such Payment, and Entry of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, De-

crees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court and Juries, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use

such Money or Kent shall be jpaid, in, to, -and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Pre-

mises, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and they shall respec-

tively be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes what-

soever, as* fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed

the fame to them by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, bine

and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right,

Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment shall be made,

but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and

Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates and Interests, either in Rever-

fion or Remainder, against the Issue or Issues of such Person and Persons, and all and every other Person

and Persons whomsoever, as effectually as a Fine and Recovery, or either of them would do, if levied or

suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Sums of Money which are to be

paiu to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to any Feoffees in

8 Trust,

493

No Complaints

to be made to

Commissioners,

until Applica-

tion hath been

made to Pro-

prietors.

Penalty Mi giv»

ing false Evi-

dence.

Upon Payment

or Tender of

Monies agreed

on for Purchase

of Lands, dec.

the said Lands

verted in Pro-

prietors,

who may enter

on the fame,

Determinations,

Verdicts, See. to

be recorded.

and Lands so be-

come vrrtrd in

the Company.

Ptirchife-m'-

nies to be laid

cut so the Lmc

Ufta, Ac.

