2go

Archdeacon of

Huntingdon ex-

changed from the

Trust of a Lc^

gacy given b/

the lare Reve-

rend Mr. Orem.

The Name* of

Subscribers /hall

be entered in a

Book, with the

Sum* subscribed,

Ac.

Xxpencea of this

Aei how to be

yaid.

Lim’tatlon of

AS ion*.

General Issue.

Treble Costs,

Foblick Act.

C. 24. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

c say), As to the Sum of one thousand Pounds (Part of the said two thousand Pounds reduced Bank

Annuities) upon Trust, that he the said Charles jennery and his Successors for thoTime being, Arch-

c deacons of Huntingdon, should pay, apply, and dispose of the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of the

€ said Sum of one thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities, as the fame should become due, and be re-

4 ceived, as an Increase or Augmentation of the annual Subscription, which was then carried on by the

4 Gentlemen and Clergy of the said County of Huntingdon, for the Benefit of distrefled Widows and Or-

4 phans of such Clergymen as were at any Time theretofore possessed of a Living or Benefice in the said

4 County; and if the said Subscription should fail or be discontinued, then upon this further Trust, that

the said Charles Jenner> and the succeeding Archdeacons of Huntingdon for the Time being, should pay,

‘ apply, and dispose of the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of the said one thousand Pounds reduced

Bank Annuities, as the fame should arise and become due, to such three necessitous and distrefled Wi-

dows of Clergymen, who should have been resident in the said County, as the said Archdeacon and his

Successors for the Time being should think fit, to be equally divided between them; and if at any Time

4 there should not be three such Widows living in the said County, then upon Trust to pay and apply

the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of the said one thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities, orf#

4 much thereof as should not be disposed of to the Widows of Clergymen in Manner before directed, to

such necessitous Maiden Daughters of deceased beneficed Clergymen who should have lived in the said

c County, in such Shares and Proportions as he the said Charles Jenner> and the succeeding Archdeacons

of Huntingdon for the Time being, should think fit: And whereas the said Beatrix Shaw is now the

c only surviving Sifter-in-law of the said Testator, the said Mary Gardner being long since dead: And

whereas the Reverend Michael Tyson (the present Archdeacon of Huntingdon) is desirous of resigning

the said Trust to the Governors of the said Charity incorporated by this Act, in case he shall be enabled

4 so to do ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said one thousand Pounds

reduced Bank Annuities shall, from and immediately after the Death of the said Beatrix Shaw, be trans-

ferred by the Executors.of the said James Orem deceased, unto, and the fame shall be and is hereby veiled

for ever in, th_e Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen

within the said County of Huntingdon, incorporated by this Act, and the Interest, Dividends, and Pro-

duce, which shall, after such Transfer, arise therefrom, shall be paid and applied by the said Governors,

to and for the charitable Purposes in the said Will mentioned, and to no other Use^ Trust, Intent, or

Purpose whatsoever; and that after such Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, the Executors under the

Will of the said James Orem shall be discharged from so much of the Trusts in the said Will as relates tQ

the said one thousand Pounds. \

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governors shall, from

Time to Time, cause to be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, the Names of the Persons who

shall subscribe or contribute, give, devise, or appoint, any Money, or any Real or Personal Estate, or

other Matters or Things whatsoever, towards the Charity hereby established, with the Sums of Money,

Goods, Chattels, Estates, or other Things, by them respectively contributed, given, limited, appointed,

or devised, to the End that a perpetual Memorial may be maae of the Benefaftions of all such well-

disposed Persons: And the Treasurers of the said Corporation, and each of them for the Time being,

shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, upon receiving any Money or other Profits for

the Purposes aforesaid, to give proper^Receipts and Acquittances for the fame; and all such Receipts and

Acquittances (halt be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons to whom they shall be given,

for all such Money, or other Matters therein specined.

IX. And be ^further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tha't the Charges and Expences of pro-

curing and obtaining this Act shall be, in the first place, paid out of any Monies already subscribed or

given for the charitable Purposes herein before mentioned, or which shall hereafter be subscribed, given,

or bequeathed, to the said Corporation for the Benefit of the said Charity.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfort

or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, that

Action or Suit shall be brought within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and

not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County of Huntingdon, and not elsewhere; and the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act,

and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if it shall appear to be done

in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited in that

Behalf, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue

his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment

be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble,

Colts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in,

other Cafes by Law. ‘

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged*

and t..ken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

c.

