■ \

s

$8+

Credit of Loan

granted to his

Majesty for

i,000,coo!.

Treaf'jry may

raise the fame

by Loans or Ex-

chequer Bills, in

like Manner as

is prescribed by

the Malt Act of

this Section, con-

cerning Loans,

Ac.

The Clauses, Ac.

In the said Act

relating to Loans

or Exchequer

Bills,

(Exception)

extended to the

Loans, See, to be

made in ptsr-

fuance of this

Act.

Principal ard

Interest, wiib

Charges, to be

paid out of the

next Supplies,

and if none fuf-

ficient be grant-

ed before July 5,

1777, then to

be paid out of

the Sinking

Fund;

k

and the Monies

so ifioed to be

replaced out of

the first Sup-

plies.

The Bank ins-

powered to ad-

vance on the

said Credit of

Loan any Sums

not exceeding

J,coo,oooo I.

Q. -4*5*:

Ahbo dedm6 fextd Geoiumi HE A. D.' 1776.

• -which may he of the'vlmaft Importance* and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if

4 proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeit them^ is desirous that Wc will T

4 enable your Majesty to defray-any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of

4 Military Services*, so# the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fixi and at the Exigency of

* Affairs may require ; and.that your Majesty, having judged it expedient to issue your Royal Proclama-

4 tion, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the fourteenth Year of your Reign, for calling in

4 and recoining the Remainder of the deficient Gold Coin, doubts not but that we w*H enable your Ma-

4 Jefty to make good the Charges which shall be incurred in that Service, and which cannot at this Time

4 be ascertained; have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of One Million for thbfe

4 Purposes and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted* and be it enacted

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the fame.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants

under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and impower the Commissioners of his Majesty*s TreaCiiry

now or fair the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for.the Time being,

at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, to

cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty’s Exchequer from any Per ion or Persons,

Natives or Foreigners, Body ot Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be

made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together,

in the Whole, the said Sum of One Million, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and.Order, and ao-

cording to the fame or like Rules and Drrc&ions, as in and by an Act of this present Section of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for. continuing and granting .to. his Majesty certain Duties upon-Malt, Mum> tydert and

Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six^ are enabled and prescribed con-

cerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,' all’and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said lad-men-

tioned A6tj seUtii^g to the Loans or Exchequer tBills authorised to be made by the fame Act (extepr such

Clauds as 4o charge jhe fame on the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such Clauses as limit the

Rate of Interest to be paid fof *the'Forbearance~of' Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be ap-

plied and extended- to'the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in purfuanefe^of this A61, as fully said

effectually, to all Intents and Pujpofcs, as if the fame Loans or Exchequer Bilty badbeeiLaingiQally au-

thorifed by the said last-mentioned A61, or as if (he said several Clauses uf Provi£oe$ had beep particularly

repeated and re~ena6ted in the Body of this A61. -

III. And be it further enacted by the "Authority aforesaid,* That all such'Loans Or Exchequer Bills*

together with the Interest, Premium, Rate* and Charges", incident to or attending the feme, shall be* and,

arc hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or Supplies,

which shall be granted in the next Section of Parliament ; and in ease sufficient Aids or Supplies for tnaC

Purpdfe, shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven*

then all, the said LoanS or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, $nd Charges incident to,

or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, rat any Ttm^

or Times at or after the said fifth Day of Ju!y, {hall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the

Surpluses, E^ccfTes, Overplus-monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The.

Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular life or

Ufesljy any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) ;'and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall

and may he iftucd and applied, as foofi as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards

paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, and

Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off*, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for

that rurpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to he payable on Demand to the re fpc£tive Proprietors

(hereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be so

issued out of the said Surpluses, ExccfTcs, Overplus-monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking

Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted In

Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall ahd may be lawful

for th* Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Manner,

at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this A61, any Sum or Sums of

Money, not exceeding in (he Whole the Sum of One Million; any Thing in an Act, made in the fifth

and sixth Years of the Reign of King William abd Queen Mary, intituled, An At7 for granting to their

Ala] i'fucs fever a I Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vesselsy and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors,

far securing certain Reeompences and Advantages in the J'aid ASl mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily

advance the Sum cf One million five hundred thousand Pounds, toward carrying on the War against France*

to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP.

L.

