33& C. 49, 50, 51. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1775.

fer£onS IDODint* V A M J Ua 1 <> Itn A (mm an/] off An A n n A! nn r *V>

PerCpns ippoint-

rd to be Over-

seers of the Dufy,

Ac. by this Act.

ProToft, Bailiet,

l£c. to makeup

Accounts an-

nually,

and to gWe No-

tice of the Meet-

ing of the Over-

feert, and that

the Account if

deposited in the

Town Clerk*

Office, Arc.

Publjtk Ad*

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this pre-

sent Act, Sir John Anflruther of Anftruther Baronet, Philip Anflruther the younger of Anjlruthcr Esquire*

John Anflruther Esquire, second Son to Sir John Anftruther Baronet, Robert Fall Esquire, John Lumjdaine

of Blanairn Esquire, and Andrew Johnston of Rennayhill Esquire, the Knight of the Shire to serve in Pa-

liament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Time

being for the Distridt of Boroughs whereof Anftruther Eqfler is one, or any three or more of them, shall

be and are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in Place

and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the above recited Act; and (nail have, and are hereby veiled

with, the fame Powers, and under the fame Regulations, as are in and by the said above-recited Act

granted and given to the said former Overseers, as well as all the other Powers hereby made and given ,

any Thing in the said former Act or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Vi. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the rrovoft, Baillies, and

Council, of the said Town of Anftruther Eqfler, and their Successors for the Time being, shall, and they

are hereby directed and required to (late and make up, annually, to the twenty-fourth Day of June in

each Year, an Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, under and by virtue of' the said recited and

of this present Act, and to leave and depolit the Account, so annually dated and made up (signed and

certified by the Provod or elded Baillie for the Time being), at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said

Borough of Anftruther Easter, open for the Inspection of every Person having an Intered in the fame,

three Weeks at lead before the fird Wednesday of August in every Year; and also to give cdidlal Notices,

in the usual Manner, at the Church Door of Anftruther Easter, on each of the two Sundays immediately,

preceding the fird Wednesday of August in every Year, for the annual Meeting upon such fird Wednesday

of August respectively of the Overseers by this Act appointed, and with Notice of the Depositation at the

Town Clerk’s Office of the Account for the preceding Year open for the Inspection of the said Overseers,

and of every other Person having an Intered in the fame,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed and

held to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts of Great Britain,

and by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge \

and for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Church of Saint rigors in the said Town.

CAP. L.

/ An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesext

to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon for

? the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish ; and for providing an additional Burial

Ground for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. LI.

An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under

a limited Sum, within that Part o(Great Britain called England.

Piwn.tlc. 4 TWHEREAS various Notes, Bills of Exchange, and Draughts for Money for very small Sums,

4 VV have for some Time pad been circulated or negotiated in lieu of Cash within that Part of Great

4 Britain called England, to the great Prejudice of Trade and Publick Credit; and many of such Bills and

4 Draughts being payable under certain Terms and Restrictions, which the poorer Sort of Manufacturers,

4 Artificers, Labourers, and others, cannot comply with otherwise than by being subject to great Ex-

4 tortion and Abufcbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

After June 24, frmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange,

17Jior ^NotcT or Oughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, being negotiable or transferable, for the Payment of any Sum

&c. for Jets than or Sums of Money less than the Sum of twenty Shillings in the Whole, which shall be made or issued at

,oi. 10 be of iw> any Time from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five,

Lffcft. shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, absolutely void and of no Efiedt, any Law, Statute,

Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Perrons utterinf j[, And jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Biiu^Tie^ Time or Times from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

tlia* 20s. &c. five, by any Art, Device, or Means whatsoever, publish or utter any such Notes, Bills, Draughts, or

dull lorfeit not Engagements, as aforesaid, fora less Sum than twenty Shillings, or on which less than the Sum of twenty

exceeding zo 1. Shillings shall be due, and which shall be in any wise negotiable, or shall negotiate the fame; every such

nor Uu iLan 51. per|on frail forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor left

than five Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted. That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be con-

vidled as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following

(that is so say);

Form of Con-

TltOvO,

J?E it remembered. That on the

) A. B. having appeared before

Day of in the Year of our Lord

me, or us, one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace (as

tie Cash maybe) for the County, Riding, Diilri^t, Division, City, Borough, or Town (as the Cafe maV

* bejf

