A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 26. 483

the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of

the Peace for the said County of Surrey, upon Complaint made to him by one oh more credible Witness or

Witnesses, to summon before him the Person or Persons who shall be complained of for doing such Da-

mage; and such Justice may thereupon award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for

such Damage as to him shall appear reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the Party or Parties

to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within three Days after Demand thereof, such Justice

may cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering

the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable

Charges of such Distress and Sale.

4 XXV. And, for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution,’ be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more Trusteesmay

of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time (if they think fit)tocon- con:raft for

tract with any Person or Persons for lighting the said Villages, and the Roads and other Places within the j^ht‘nR die ViU-

Limits of this Act; all which Contracts shall specify the Number of Lamps to be set up, and how long agC3’ c*

and in what Manner the fame shall be kept burning, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Pe-

nalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance of such Contract or Contradts; and the fame shall be

signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contradling to

perform such Works; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and im-

powered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works, as they shall so contract and

agree for, out of any of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made, raised* or collected, by virtue; of

this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who If Contraftr not

shall enter into such Contract with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for performing any of duly fulfilled,

the Works before mentioned, and who shall not well and Efficiently perform the fame, according to the

true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contradts, and within the Time limited thereby, that then bciucd»

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in the Name of their

Clerk or Treasurer, to bring an Action of Debt in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster

, against any Person or Persons so contracting and making Default as aforesaid, for the Penalty or Penalties

which shall be contained in such Contract or Contradts; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them (upon Proof of such Contract or Contradts having been entered into and not performed), shall be

intitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties; and the fame, when recovered, shall be applied

towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, Polls, Property of

and other Furniture thereof, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of the Arms and Lamp*,&c.ve(U

Accoutrements for the Watchmen and Pacrole, and also of the Watch-boxes to be erected as aforesaid, in the Tru(V

shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the said Trustees; and they, or any five or more of them, are teev

hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name

of the<r Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Cafe-

may require), aL'ainst any Person or Persons who shall break, spoil, injure, damage, (teal, take, or carry

away, any of the said Lamps, Lamp-irons, Ports, or other Furniture, or any of the Watch-boxes, or the

Arms or Accoutrements of any of the said Watchmen.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Trustees, or any five or more of All Bufinef*

them, arc impowered to do any Act whatsoever by virtue of this Act, other than and except the Weekly (*ceptase*-

Meetings for the Purposes aforesaid, the fame shall be done at some public Meeting of the said Trustees Jonc at ubl!

to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and whenever it shall happen, at any such Meet- Meeting*?. *C

ing, that there shall be an Equality of Votes of the said Trustees then present, the Chairman in every

such Cafe shall have the Casting-vote.

XXIX. Provided always, That two Trustees shall be Efficient to meet for the Purpose of Adjournment How to proceed

only; and in case it shall at any Time happen that no Adjournment of the Trustees shall be made ac- in cafeof no Ad»

cording to the Directions of this Act, that then, and in every such Cafe, as often as it shall so happen, it juriinBent»-

shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to meet at any House or Place

within the said Villages, or either of them (ten Days Notice in Writing being first affixed upon the Church

Door of Camberwell, appointing the Time and Place of such Meeting); and the said Trustees, or any

five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to meet pursuant to such Notice,

and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time adjourn to such Time

and Place as they dial 1 think fit.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for anyTrustee appointed, or to be Trofteet wha

appointed, to put this Act in Execution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County 1?such%or

of Surrey, to aeft as a Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction for putting in Execution the several Purposes^V

Powers and Amhoriries granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Trustee. , tfei* Atf.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judg- 'waitings to he

ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of withoui

Money, or other Writing wha tever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or charge-

able with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think Persons np^i'cv-

him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Rate or Afi'efTment to be made as aforesaid, he, (lie, or they, ed may appeal to

shall notwithstanding be obliged to pay such Rate or Assessment, and then, upon an Appeal to the General «he QuarterS*f«

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Surrey next after the Payment of such irm8*

Rate or Affiftment, or next after the making the Distress for such Rate or Assessment (fourteen Days Notice

.of such Appeal being first given to the said Trustees), it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the

Peace,

