530 C. 33. Anno decimo fexfo Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

Thi» Act not

extend to Tim-

ber brought

coastwise j

nor to prevent

landing at pri-

vate Wharf*,

*c.

Duties now pay-

able on the Im-

portation of cer-

tain Article*,

&c. to continue

soon being land-

ed at the new

Quij.

Kate* to be paid

for storing of

Good*, tec.

Mayor and Juf-

tices may lower

the Rates, &c#

Tar, Pitch, ice,

nr t to be left on

the Q^ay longer

than (even Dajs

after gauging.

Piece of Ground

to be appointed

for laying up

Balks, Mails,

&c.

IV- Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Tim-

ber, Planks, or Boards, brought coastwise into the said Port; but that the fame shall and may be landed

on that Part of the present Quay (commonly called The Back of Bristol) in the same Manner as such Tim-

ber hath been usually landed there.

V. Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent

any Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners of any Timber, Planks, or Boards,

Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, or Turpentine, or any of the Commodities herein before recited, or

his or their Agent, Factor, or Consignee, from landing or unlading the fame, or any Part thereof, at any

private Quay or Wharf within the said Port, where the fame may now, or at any Time hereafter (by

Consent of the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs within the said Port), be landed or unloaded, nor

to prevent any such Person or Persons from landing or unlading any of the said Articles at the present

Quay within the said City of Bristol) such Person producing a Certificate, under the Hands of any two of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Bristol, to the proper Officer

of his Majesty’s Customs within the said Port of Bristol (such Certificate to be grounded on the Oath of

the Party applying for the fame), that, at the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, a Birth or Place could not

be had fit for such Ship or Vessel to lie in for landing and unlading such Articles as aforesaid upon the said

new-intended Quay; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties which are now due and

payable for Wharfage, Tonnage, Tannage, Plankage, and the Duties commonly called The Town Duties*

and all other Duties and Customs whatsoever now payable in the said Port of Bristol on the Arrival of any

Ship or Vessel at the Quay or Back of Bristol, or on the Importation of Timber (including Mahogany);

flanks, or Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, or any of the Commodities afore*

said, shall (till continue due and payable, and shall be paid to the several Persons who now are, or here*

after shall be, intitled to the fame, for all Ships and Vessels which shall arrive at the said intended Quay;

and for all Timber (including Mahogany), Planks, and Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and

Turpentine, and all other the Commodities aforesaid which shall be landed on the said new-intended Quay

in the said Parish of Clifton, in like Manner as if the said Ships or Vessels had arrived at the Quay or Back

of Bristol) or as if the said Goods had been landed on either of the present Quays, within the said City of

Bristol \ and also that the Rates which are now due and payable, or which shall be hereafter settled, for

Jadingor unlading such Goods or Merchandise on the present Quays within the said City of Bristol, shall

be paid for the lading or unlading the fame on the said new-intended Quay in the said Parish of Clifton.

4 VIL And, in order to defray the Expence of making, building, maintaining, and supporting, the

4 said new Quay, and the Storehouses, Warehouses, Yards, Sheds, and Places, to be built and made for

* the Purposes aforesaid / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said

twenty-fourth Day .of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be paid to the said

Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol

(oyer and above the Charge for piling Deals and other Goods usually piled, and other Labour now usually

paid for in the said Port of Bristol), by the Proprietors of such Goods, for all such Timber (including

Mahogany), Planks, and Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, and other the

Commodities aforesaid, as the Owner, or Person having the Care thereof, shall chuse to have stored or

placed in the said Storehouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Yards, oi^Places, to be built and made as aforesaid,

the several Rates ascertained in the Schedule inserted at the End of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Justices of the said

City of Bristol and County of the fame City, in their Court of Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the

said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to

Time (for good and sufficient Cause), to lower the said Rates hereby granted, or any of them, and from

Time to Time, for such good Cause, to raise again the said Rates, or any of them, provided the said Rates

do never exceed the Rates authorised to be taken by virtue of this Act; and the said Mayor and Justices,

in their said Court of Quarter Session, shall have Power and Authority to make Rules, Orders, and Re-

gulations, for the better Management of the said new-intended Quay in the said Parish of Clifton, and to

settle equal and reasonable Rates for Labour, as well by Horses, Carts, and Carriages, as by Men, to be

done thereat; and if any Person or Persons shall take or demand more than the Rates so to be settled, he,

she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person

or Persons whomsoever to leave on the said new-intended Quay any Tar, Pitch, Rosin, or Turpentine,

for any longer Time than seven Days after the fame shall be gauged or pa fled by the proper Officer or Of-

ficers of his Majesty’s Customs; and in case any Person or Persons shall leave any of the said Articles upon

the said Quay, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, that then, and as often as such Cafe shall

happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society

aforesaid, by their Agents or Servants for the Time being, to house or store all such Tar, Pitch, Rosin,

and Turpentine, in the Warehouses, Storehouses, or Places, to be provided for that Purpose as aforesaid ;

and the like Rates shall be paid as if the Owner thereof had directed the fame to be stored or housed by the

said Society.

4 X. And, in order to prevent Inconveniencies from Balks, Mads, Spats, Timber, Planks, or other

* Articles not usually piled, being suffered to remain on the said new-intended Quay/ be it further cr.nfted

by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Society of Merchants shall set out and appoint from l ime to

Time one or more Piece or Pieces of the Ground adjoining the said new-intended Quay* within the Meads

called Rownbam's Meads* for laying and placing Balks, Marts, Spars, and Timber (including Mahogany'*,

and also Planks of the Thickness of three Inches or upwards, and of the Length of twenty-five Feet or

9 upwards.

by c.

