A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 2 r.

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the fiid

Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Nomination and Appoint-

ment of Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and to the several Powers and Authorities

by the said Act vested in the said Governors and Directors, when so appointed, and to the previous Con-

sent of the Vestrymen of the said Parish being given before any Money should be applied for the Purpose

of erecting any Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor within the said Parish, or such Workhouse

crested, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Vestrymen of the said Parish, nominated and appointed in and

by virtue of the said Act, or any nine or more of them, shall meet in the Vestry-room, at the Court-house

in the said Parish, on the second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, and shall also meet on some

Day in the Month of February* which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-ftx, and shall, in like Manner, meet on some Day in the Month ol February in every succeeding

Year, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon (publick Notice of such

Meeting being given in and upon the Church and Chapels of the said Parish, in Manner in the said Act

directed); and shall at such first Meeting next after the passing of this Act, and at such Meeting in the

Month of February in every succeeding Year, annually, nominate and appoint thirty (ubftantial and dif-

creet Persons, whom they the said Vestrymen shall make Choice of, which said thirty substantial and

discreet Persons, nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be and be called Directors and Guardians of

the Poor of the said Parish, for carrying into Execution the several Powers given and intrusted to them by

this Act, until other Directors and Guardians shall in like Manner be appointed in their Room.

III. Provided, always. That in case nine or more Vestrymen shall not attend at such first or any sub-

fetjuent Meetings, the Vestry Clerk shall and is hereby authorised and impowered to- adjourn such Meet-

ing to some future Day, not exceeding seven Days from the Day when such Meeting was first appointed

to.be held, giving the Notice directed by the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, in regard to the Meeting of such Vestrymen.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the

Time being, each and every of them, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Directors and Guar-

dians of the Poor within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall have full Power and Autho-

rity, together with the several Directors and Guardians, to be from Time to Time nominated and

appointed as herein mentioned, to act as such to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been elcfted and

chosen by the Vestrymen of the said Parish, in Manner and Form prescribed by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted. That the said Directors and Guardians of the Poor, nominated and ap-

pointed as aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, shall at their first Meeting next after their Appointment

in pursuance of this Act, and at their first Meeting after their annual Appointment in every succeeding

Year (which Meetings the said Vestrymen are hereby directed and required to direct and appoint), divide

themselves into fix distinct Committees, each of the said Committees to consist of five Directors and Guar-

dians, and shall then fix and establish an annual Rule or Rotation for the Attendance of each of the said

Committees; and one of the said Committees shall meet on a certain Day, to be appointed by the said

Directors and Guardians, in every Week, and shall attend weekly for so long Time as shall by the said

Rotation be fixed and established ; and afterwards the next Committee on such Rotation shall attend weekly,

in like Manner, until such annual Rotation shall be perfect and complete; and such Committees, so ap-

pointed, shall, at such their Meetings, carry this Act into Execution.

VI. Provided always, That no Business transacted by the said Committees, nor any Orders made by

them, shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless five or more Directors or Guardians be present at such

Committee.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all or any of the said Directors and

Guardians may, if they think fit, attend any such Weekly Meetings, so to be appointed as aforesaid, and

.may aft, proceed, and vote, at any such Meeting, in such Manner as if he or they were on the Committee

then attending in Rotation.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk to the said Directors and

Guardians shall, two Days previous to every such Weekly Meeting, give Notice, in Writing, or printed,

to every Director and Guardian, being a Member of such Committee, whose Turn it shall or maybe to

attend according to the Rotation so fixed and established, such Notice, expressing that such Director and

Guardian is upon such Committee \ and shall likewise, at the fame Time, give Notice of such Meeting

of the Committee to each and every Director and Guardian of the Poor not being on such Committee.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being a Vestryman,

nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, who shall be appointed a Director and Guardian of the Poor, in Manner before mentioned, shall

neglect or refuse to take upon himself or aft in such Office, and shall neglect to attend on any of the said

Weekly Committees to which he shall be appointed, according to the Rule or Rotation so to be fixed and

established, either in Person, or by one of the said Directors and Guardians as and for his Substitute, for

the Space of one Year, such Neglect and Refusal shall be taken and deemed to be a Refusal to act, within

the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and such Vestryman shall from thenceforth ceale to be a Vestryman,

in like Manner as is provided in the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for Vestrymen who

shall neglect to attend the Vestry Meetings for the Space of two Years.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians,

b* fore they take upon themselves the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given them by this

Act, save and except the Power of administering to one another the Oath herein after directed and pre-

feribed, shall severally take the following Oath; that is to say,

' I A. B.

l6

Part of Act

8 Geo. Ill re-

lating to the

Appointment of

Governors, Arc.

repealed.

Time end Place

of the first and

fubfrqu nt

Meetings of -

Vdliyracn,

who are annual-

ly to appoint Di-

rectors andGuar-

dians.

On Non-attend-

ance of Vefiry-

men, Meetings

may be adjourn*

ed.

Churchwardens

to be D.rcftora

and Guardians.

Direct rs and

Guardians to di-

vide themselvea

into Commit-

tees,

and establish’l

Kule for At-

tendance,

No Orders of

Committees va-

lid, unless five

Directors or

Guardians art

present.-

All the Direc-

tors and Guar-

dians may attend

Weekly Com-

mittees.

Cleric to Turn-

men Weekly

Commitu es.

If any Vestry-

trian be appoint-

ed a Director and

Guardian, ai*d

refuse to act, &e.

for one Year, to

cetfe to be a

VeilrynuJi.

Directors so-1.

Guardians, t"

fore they aV, to

take the fallow-

ing Oafh.

