15°

and fiold a Stef-

fi)* there for

Discharge tf

Prisoner*.

Justices for the

County of Sur-

rey may a fl'e Bi-

ble at rhcTown-

ha'l of South-

wark for admi-

jiifle/ing Oaths,

&c,

Those who are

Prisoners for

their Fees, or

other Demands

of the Gaoler or

©ifirer, to be

discharged.

Debtors to the

Crown, and Pri-

foners who owe

above 20001. to

one Person, un-

leTs the Cred:

tors consent, are

excluded the Be-

nefit of this Act.

Creditor oppof-

ing Prisoner*

Discharge, to

allow him 3 s.

6d. per Week.

On Non-pay-

ment for two

Week?, Prisoner

to be discharged.

Determination

of the Justices

Co be final with

respect to the

Retention of

any Prisoner;

wnlefs the Pri-

for.er get rid of

the Ooirftion

for which they

refused his Dif*

charge.

The Justices, on

Proof by two

Witness of

Objection being

removed, &c.

may discharge

such Prisoner.

Difrharges to be

obtained by

August I, 1776.

Persons feifedof

an Estate Tail,

claiming the

Benefit of this

Act, are to de-

liver up the Same

to the Credi

tors.

PicviCo.

C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

!or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sef*

ions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near

thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment

ftom their respective Quarter Section, from Time to Time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners

therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

4 XL. And whereas the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which

4 will happen after the passing of this Act, will be in the County, and upwards of twenty Miles from

4 any of the said Prisons be it thereiore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be

holden for the County of Surrey next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith

to adjourn the said Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southrvark, for the Purpose of ariment*

ftering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said

County wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such refijedtrve Prisoner or

Prisoners confined therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions, of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Debtors and others, who were in

Prison on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand (even hundred and seven ty-four,

or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rent*,

or any other Demands due, or claimed, as due to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Pnfon respectively, or to any

other Officer of any such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, flic, or

they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, Pek-

ing his or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt with which he or (lie shall stand

charged at the Suit of the Crown, if the Discharge of Fuch Prisoner is opposed by Council, but if not

opposed, then the said Prisoner to be discharged, he complying, in all other Respects, to the Direction*

of this Act; or shall be charged by any Body Politick or Corporate, or by any one Person, on or before

the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fout, in any Sum exceeding

the Sum of two thousand Pounds, befidesInterest and Costs, and whose Discharge shall be in Court of-

posed by such Body Politick or Corporate, or one Person: And if any such Body Politick or Corporate,

Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding two thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the

Discharge of such Prisoner, and shall infill that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol, that then, and in

such Cafe, Fuch Body Politick or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors, opposing the said Prisoner’s DH-

charge as aforesaid, (nail, at his, her, or their proper Costs and Charges, allow and pay, in the Whole,

Fuch a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding four Shillings, nor less than three Shil-

lings and Sixpence per Week, in such Manner as the said Justices, in their General Quarter Session, or

Fome Adjournment thereof, shall order; and, upon Non-payment of the fame for the Space-of two

Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in frheir General Quarter Session, held a*

aforesaid, shall be discharged, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

4 XLIII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble

4 in attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the

4 Discharge of Prisoners clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after

4 having been before one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, conftantiy

4 gave tre(h Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be dib

€ charged to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes what-

ever, the Determination of the Justices in Session, or Adjournment, shall be final to all Intents and Pur-

poses, unless the Prisoner shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objec-

tions for which they refused his Discharge; and, that the fame may he clear and certain, the Justices ane

hereby required to (late the Objections why Fuch Prisoner’s Discharge is refused by them; and, in all

Cafes whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session, or Ad*

journment, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them by two or more

credible Witncifes (and which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer), of each Objection or Ob-

jeclions being removed, and on Proof of Notice lerved, at lead ten Days previous to such Application

on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the

Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and

if they shall thru be of Opinion the said Prisoner is in titled to the Benefit of this Act, to order him to be

discharged, he taking the Oath, and in all other Rcfpedts conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, That every Fugitive or Fugitives, intitled, or to be in titled, to the Benefit of

this Act, shall obtain their respective Discharges on or before the first Day of August, one thousand Feven

hundred and seventy-six, or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act.

4 XLV. AnJ wheieas it may happen that Feveral Persons, who may claim and be intitled to the Be-

* nefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail, in some Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or

4 Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expedtant, they have, by Law, Power to

4 defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a common Recovery or common Recove-

4 ries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or Copyhold

4 Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be oeli-

4 vered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors;* be it theefore eti dt-

cd by the Authority ^forefaiJ, That in every such Cafe, such Person or Persons, Fo seised as aforesaid,

and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of, this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whit-

soever in Law, he deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, in Fee: Provided the Fame shall be delivered up to the Creditor ox Cred tors

of

