54-8

No Fee to b* ,

tilceo fot re-

ceiving or pay-

ing Conttibu-

t'On-mouies, or

for issuing Re-

ceipts, on Pe-

nalty of *ol.

Central I Hue,

Treble Cofie.

Ifoamble.

Boundaries of

the fix Stems

•lcertaioed.

Poles to be e-

re£)e6, to distin-

euilh the Boun-

mriu of some of

the Stems.

C 35, 36. Anno deeimo sexto (jBorgi! III. A. D. 1776.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shal! be demanded or

taken of any of his Majesty’s Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution-monies, or any of

them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the fame, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said

several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pur-

fiiance of this Act, upon Pain that any Offender, or Person offending by taking or demanding any such

Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs

of Suit; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at U'ejlminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or

Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat if any Person or Persons shall be sued,

molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, in his, her,

or their Defence or Defences ; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judg-

ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise* then such Defendant or

Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXV.

'An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six. 1,500,000/.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard-fishery carried on withia

the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

‘ ^ITZHERE AS a Pilchard-fishery hath for many Years been carried on in the Bay of Saint Ives, in

4 VV tharCounty of Cornwall, and the carrying on and Improvement thereof is of great Importance to

4 this Nation, by increasing the Trade and Navigation thereof, and being a Nursery for Seamen, and

c otherwise a Means of employing and providing for a Number of industrious poor People : And whereas

4 the said Fishery hath hitherto been conduced and carried on according to, and regulated by, certain

4 Customs or Regulations which have from Time to Time been devised by the Fiftiermen and Fishcurers

4 concerned and employed in the said Fishery, which by mutual Consent have been observed and complied

* with; several of which Customs or Regulations are by Experience found proper to be strictly observed

• and continued in Force; and others improper to be any longer pur filed or observed: And whereas of

4 late Years the Number of Adventurers in the said Fishery, and the Craft employed therein, hath been

4 greatly increased, and in several Instances many of the aforesaid Customs or Regulations, which are raoft

4 propter to be observed, have been infringed and disregarded, and several unwarrantable Practices have

4 been introduced into such Fishery, and used by the Fiftiermen employed therein, whereby great Lodes

4 and Inconveniencies have happened to divers Persons, and the said Fishery hath been muen prejudiced :

4 For Remedy whereof, and for the better Preservation of the said Fishery, and for preventing the (idling

4 within the said Bay of Saint Ives with unfizeable and improper Nets, and for ascertaining the Times ana

4 Seasons, and Manner of fishing, within the said Bay, and for the regulating the said Fishery, and .re-

4 forming Abuses therein5’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That the fix several Stems or Stations for taking Fish within the said

Bay of Saint Ives respectively, called or known by the Names of Carrick Gladden, The Poll, The Leigh,

Porthminster, Pedn Olver, and Carrick Leggoe otherwise Cam Crotvze Stems, shall, from and immediately

after the passing of this Act, be deemed and taken to be bounded and limited in Manner herein after par-

ticularly mentioned ; that is to say. The Carrick Gladden Stem is to be unlimited towards the South, and

towards the East, and to extend towards the North as far as the Marks or Boundaries herein after directed

to be set up and erected in Porth Repta River; The Poll Stem is to extend towards the North from the

said Marks or Boundaries in Porth Repta River aforesaid, as far as the North Side of a certain Hedge or

Fence, being the fourth Fence from a House called The Signal-house, on Porthminster Hill, to the South-

ward of the said House 5 The Leigh Stem is to extend towards the North from the End of The Poll Stem,

according to the Boundary herein before mentioned, as far as the Carrick Rock opposite Porthminster Point 5

the Porthminster Stem is to extend towards the North from the said Carrick Rocky as far as the Marks or

Boundaries which are already fixed and erected on the Banks of Porthminster River ; the Pedn Olver Sten\

is to extend towards the North from the said Marks or Boundaries on the Banks of Porthminster River, as

far as the South Corner of the Church-yard in the Town of Saint Ives; and the Carrick Leigoe or Earn

Crowze Stem is to extend towards the South from the aforesaid South Corner of the said Church* yard, and

to be unlimited towards the North.

II. And be it further enacted, That within the Spare of one Calendar Month after the passing of this

Act, Poles, or other proper and sufficient Marks, {hall be erected and fixed up in Porth Repta River, and

the other Places aforesaid, for the better distinguishing and ascertaining the Exrent, Boundaries, or Limits,

of fuel of the said fix several Stems or Stations, for taking Fifti within the said Kay of Saint Ivesy as ter-

minate at or are bounded by the several Places last herein before mentioned; an 1 also that the Expences

Of erecting such Poles, or other proper and sufficient Marks, and keeping up and maintaining the fame,

shall now, and at all Times hereafter, be paid and borne by all the Partnerships or Companies that now sre

