A.D. 1775;

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 23. 285

of this Act, or contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may at all convenient Times peruse and

infipeft without Fee or Reward.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or

Governors, or any nine or more of them, to let, fell, and dispose of so much of the said Lands and He-

reditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, as shall not be necessary or used for enlarging the present

Workhouse, or building a new one, for the best Price that can be got for the fame; and in case a new

Workhouse shall be erected, the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, as aforesaid,

may also let or fell the oldr Workhouse, and the Land thereunto belonging; and the Money arising by

any or either of those Ways or Means shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the then Church-

wardens of the said Parish are hereby authorised and required to lease and convey such Lands and Here-

ditaments accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors shall, at all their Meetings

under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party

or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or want

of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a

Trespasser or 1 respaflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the

Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full

Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

LXVII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregu-

larity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf

of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Tref-

pass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been

made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the

Court where fuph Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of

Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had,

made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay

Money into Court.

LXVIII. And b2 it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or

themselves, aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Justice or Justices

of the Peace acting therein, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at

any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or any Adjournment

thereof within two Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellant nrft giving,

or cauhng to be given, ten Days Notice in.Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Guardians or

Governors for the Time being, or to the Justice or other Person by whose Act or Acts such Person or

Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such

Appeal, and within two Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of

the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide

the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sef-

fions, or Adjournment thereof; which said Justices at or in such Sessions, upon due Proof of Notice

being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes

and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or ap-

pealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices dial) be finaf,

binding, and conclusive: And on all Appeals from Rates, the Justices shall amend the fame in such

Manner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief, without altering such Rates with respect to other Per-

fons mentioned in the fame; but if, upon Appeal from the whole Rate, it shall be found necessary to C6t

aside the fame, then they shall order a new Rate to be made.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or

other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any

Guardian or Guardians, Governor or Governors* or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before

them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only flgned by, any Person or Persons

whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty

whatsoever.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Guardians or Gover-

nors, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; and such Or-

ders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such

Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be

produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any

Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or orher*Matter or Thing to be done or

transacted, in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or

be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons acting under the Direction and Authority of the said Guardians and Governors, for any Thing

dome in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk

to the said Guardians or Governors; or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made

to the Party or Parties aggrieved; or after three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which

such

Guardian* may

let or fell Over* -

plus Lands.

Governors, &e£

to defray their

own Expences.

Dill rest not to*

be deemed un-

lawful for want

of Form.

Plaintiff not to

recover, if Ten-

der of Amends

be made*

Perrons think*

ing themselves

aggrieved may

appeal to the

Quarter Scftent*

Justice* Powers

concerning Ap-

peals from Rates,

Writing* not to

be charged with

Stamp-duty,

Proceedings to

be entered in

Books.

Proceeding* not1

to be quaftisd

for want of

Form.

Limitation of

Actions.

