*24 C. 6i—*&4» Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774;

4 ther the said Innkeepers and Victuallers can at present carry on their Trades or Callings without intur-

4 ring the Pains, Penalties, and Disabilitiea imposed and inffided by several Acts of Parliament for fell-

• ing Ale, Beer, Wine, and Spirituous Liquors, without Licences, which may involve themfclyes and

? Families in utter Ruin, although they have not been guilty of any Fault or Neglect on their Part: To

1 the End therefore that the said Innkeepers and Victuallers may be indemnified, and carry on their said

* Trades or Callings, without being subject to such Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities, as aforesaid,' may

it please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

The Licences Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Licences granted to the Innkeepers

'fr“tedjf‘ *773 and Victuallers of the Hunared or Division of Godley, in the County of Surrey, on the said first Day. of

thePurpose*or Septemberr one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame are hereby

MprcflcdT declared to be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the several Purposes therein respectively expressed,

and to all other Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

All Soiti com- II. And be it further enacted l^y the Authority aforesaid, That all personal Actions and Suits, In-

sneoccd u»ioft distmems, Informations, and all Prpfecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have beep or shall be

ofG«ney,efor* prosecuted or commenced against any of the said Innkeepers or Victuallers, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine,

selling Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, without a proper Licence, since the said first Day of September, one thoufan^l seven

Wine*,&c.fmce hundred and seventy-lkree, be, are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this Act.

*773» •rchtre- HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person shall be in-

No*P«son>U)be to* orreceive any Benefit or Indemnification from, this Act, unless he shall, before the tenth Day

intitled to this of jvfyi one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or before the Expiration of the Term for which

Benefit, unless their present Licences are respectively granted, apply for and obtain such Licence or Licences as are by

he obtains a le- Law required for the felling of Wine or Spirituous Liquors 5 which Licence or Licences his Majesty’s Com*

gal Lienee be- missioners of Excise, and his Majesty’s Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps

17745 7 IO* on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and all other Person$ authorised and impowered by them respectively,

which the Com- are hereby authorised and required to grant, in the same Manner as the fame ought to have been granted

missioner* of Ex- in case the said Licences for selling Ale and Beer had been originally good, valid, and effectual in the

rife >nd Sump Law as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken

to be a Publick Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

Duties are re-

quired to grant.

Fubikk Act.

An Act to explain and amend two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses

within the City and County of the City of Exony for the better employing and maintaining the Poor

there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said

Acts into Execution.

Fseambk.

o

CAP. LXIL

An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor’s Rates, within

the Parifttes of Saint (Tiles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloom/bury, in the County of Middbjtx.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Air^ at Carlton, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

CAP. LX IV.

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled.

An AR to regulate the Importation and Exportation-of Corn)> as relates to the Method of

ascertaining the Prices of Com and Grain exported.

f XT /HEREAS by an Act* made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, Are Aftto regulate the

4 VV Importation and Exportation of Corn)% it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That the several

* Prices at which certain Species of Corn and Grain, therein enumerated, (nail be prohibited to be ex-

4 ported from this Kingdom, and also that the Prices at which the respective Bounties'granted by the

4 said Act are to be allowed upon the Exportation of certain Species of Corn and Grain, shall be afeer-

* tained according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament, for ascertaining the Rate$

4 and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as directed by the said recited Act: And whereas th^

4 Prices, with respect to Corn and Grain imported into that Part of Great Briterin~cb\\ed England^ tVcrks*

4 and the Town of Berivick upon Tweed, are, by the several Acts now in Force, directed to be ascertaineq

* at every Quarter Sessions for the respective Counties within the same ; which Prices being so ascertainedj

* cannot he altered until the next succeeding Quarter Sessions, although the Prices of Corn and Grain ma

5

4 in the mean Time, be either very much increased or diminiftied: And whereas, by the aforesaid Ai

4 made in the last Session of Parliament, the Prices of Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, in that Part of Great

4 Britain called Scotland, are to be ascertained by the Sheriff or Steward Deputes, or their Substirutes, oF

4 the several Counties within which there are Ports, or Places, for the Importation and Exportation of

* Goods and Merchandises, four Times in the Year ; that is to say, upon the first Day of November, first

4 Day of February, first Day of May, and first Day of Augujly in Manner therein directed, which Prices

