2$2

Person* whd

have naviga'cJ

Boat», See, and

incurred Peail-

tie « re (petting

»hitc Lines, Sec,

indemnified

from such Pe-

nalties ;

except Peaslciei

already paid.

Haw the fifing

of the Water to

the Injury ef

Lands is to be

prevented*

Penalty rol. on

Neglect of Re-

gulation! pre-

scribed*

Lock Owners

Shall not alt as

Commissioners

for setting Wa-

ter Marks*

Persont think-

ing them felvet

aggrieved may

appeal to the

Quarter Sessiona*

PoblkkAa*

Preamble.

Clause in Art

15 Lar. II. le-

aned.

C. 12, Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1775.

the same Manner as the said Penalty or Forfeiture is, by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present

Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who hath or have

navigated, or caused to be navigated, any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, drawing more than three Feet

of Water, or not having the said white Line on each aide thereof, before the passing of this Act, {hall

be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, under or by virtue of the said Act of

the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, or otherwise howsoever; but that all and every such Person and

Persons shall be, and they are hereby indemnified from all and every Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and

Forfeitures, by them, or any of them, incurred, by reason of such Draught of Water having exceeded

the Depth of three Feet appointed by the said Act, or by reason of his or their not having the said

white Line on each Side of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel j except Penalties and Forfeitures already

paid.

4 IV. And whereas by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Com-

4 missioners are impowered to fix a Mark or Marks at each Lock or Weir, below or above which Mark

4 or Marks no Owner or Occupier of any Lock or Weir shall knowing or designedly let the Water fall

4 or rife, unless authorised so to do, in Manner directed by the said Act : And whereas, flnee the passing

4 of the said Act, great Damages have been sustained by the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and

4 Grounds, occasioned by the Owners and Occupiers of the several Locks, Weirs, Bucks, and Flood-

* gates, or their Agents and Servants, ueglcfting to draw and keep open the fame when the Water is

4 risen to the Gauge and Level fixed and appointed by and under the Authority of the said Act;9 be it

therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That when and so often as the Water shall be raised

to and be level with the High-water Marks, which shall, from Time to Time, be set and appointed by

the Commissioners in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, the Tenants or Occupiers for the Timer

being of the several old Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Dams, and Flood-gates, in and upon the said Rivers, or

either of them, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be intruded with the Opening an®

Shutting of the fame, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, open such old Locks, Weirs, Bucks,'

Dams, and Flood-gates, and keep open the fame, till the Water is funk below the High-water Maikr

so set and appointed : And in case such Tenant or Occupier, or Person intruded with the Opening and

Shutting of such old Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Dams, or Flood-gates, shall neglect or refuse to open or

keep open the fame, as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oatn of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for either of the Countie*

in which such old Lock, Weir, Buck, Dam, or Flood-gate, shall happen to be, or before any two of

the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of the said Act of the eleventh Year of

his present Majesty (such Commissioners having nrd duly qualified themselves under the said Act), every*

such Person and Persons so neglectingor refuting, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit

the Sum of ten Pounds; to be levied ny Didrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War*

rant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of such

two Commissioners, as aforesaid, and to be applied and disposea of for the Use of the said Navigation.

V. And, for the preventing any Fraud or Abuse in setting the said Water Marks, be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid. That no Owner or Proprietor, Tenant or Occupier of any old Lock, Weir,

Buck, Dam, or Flood-gate, upon either of the said Rivers, shall act as a Commissioner under the said

Acts of Parliament, or either of them, for the Purpose of setting or appointing the said Water Marks,

or any or either of them, under the like Penalty or Forfeiture which he or they would have been subject

or liable to for acting under any Disqualification contained in the said Act of the eleventh Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign ; and to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the same Manner as such Penalty

or Forfeiture under the said last-mentioned Act is thereby directed to be recovered, levied, and applied,

and not otherwise.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons Hull think him, her,

or themselves aggrieved, by reason of any Penalty or Forfeiture being levied in purftiance of this Act, he,

file, or they* mall have, and be intitled to, the fame Benefit of Appeal to the Justices of Peace, aflem-

bled at any Quarter Sessions, as is allowed in and by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present

Majesty, in any Cafe where Penalties and Forfeitures are thereby inflicted.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, ana

other Persons whatsoever, without fpcciaily pleading the same*

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners, acting by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-ieventh

Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving

the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels and divers

Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, to charge further Taxes upon the

said North Level, and the said adjoining Lands*

4 1X7 HERE AS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

* VV (intituled. An Afl for draining the^ Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level), it was (amongst

4 other Things) enacted. That JFiUiam Eail of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of Francis

4 Earl of Bedford and the said Earl IVtlham, or either of them, their Heirs and AfSgns, in such Manner

4 as in the said Act is contained, should be a Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, and

4 have

5

