A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 64. 389

Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several how the Court is

Payments', then, upon the first Default or f ailure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, to pr ce«d oa

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance *ai urc*

of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the

whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Cost> as to them

shall seem reasonable; to be recovered by the fame Process, and in like Manner as is herein before provided

for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed ; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept so be issued upon in every Precept

any {Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issued upon ,ny

ifl'ues the fame shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and BsfCjjl on>cierk

decreed to be paid : And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded,* shall, be- £0cftf

fore any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, (he, or they, is, are, or shall be taken and condition* on

apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their imprisonment, pay, or cause to which Execu-

be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of t»on* may be

Money and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over fuPcrftded.

such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the

Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings and Six-

pence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison ; then, and in such

Cafe and Cafes, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or

Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of either of the said If Serjeants wil-

Courts, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, *n

cause or fuifer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods removed

of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its due Effect, thCy are to pay

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in the Debt and

Court, upon Complaint, and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness Cost*.

or Witnesses, t > order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was

awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof Dy the fame Method and Means as

are herein before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Commissioner*

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this A&, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Ef- f° talc« the foU

sea i (that is to say,) - lowins 0ith‘

* T A. B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the belt of my Judg- The Oath*

c A meot, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an

* A <St of Parliament For the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the

* County of Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party. /

4 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the Clerk of either of the said Courts, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such

•Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of either

the said Courts shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered, in the Register of the said Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited

and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by th- Clerks or Serjeants, -or their Successors, for their several

and respective Services in the Execution of this Act ; (that is to say,] -

Memorial ther$»

of to be register-*

ed.

Clerk* and Ser-

jeant* Fee*

To the CLERKS.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence":—For issuing every Summons, Sixpence:—For every Subpoena, Six-

pence : — For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Three-pence :—For every Hearing or

Trial, Sixpence For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff^ or Defendant, Three-pence :—For every Or-

der, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence :—For a Nonsuit, Sixpence:—For every Search in the Books, Three-

pence:—For paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more: —

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence For

every Attachment, Sixpence For every Execution, Sixpence:—For every Warrant of Commitment for

an Infulror Misbehvaiour in the Court, or to the Commissioners Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one*

Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Spalding or

Iiolheacbr and attending the Court with the Return thereof. Sixpence ; if out of either of the said Towns, -

Three pence more for every Mile For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny :

—For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling ;»

if out of Town, Three pence more for every Mile:—For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delin-

quent, to Prison, Sixpence more for every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of each of the said Courts in Tifeleof Fee* to

fotne conlpicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said be hung of in

Cofumissioners shall meet, so that all Perious .concerned may fee and examine the fame. theCauit ho»(*r

XX. A»d^

