A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 62.

tended Cut or Drain, for any other Purpose whatsoever than for draining and improving the several Lands

and Grounds within the General Tallies, between Fordwich-bridge and Sandivich-bavcn aforesaid.

4 III. And whereas a Cut is already nearly made and completed, through certain Lands of "John Lord

4 Viscount Dudley and Ward, at Stonar aforesaid, between the River Stour and Sandwich-haven, into which

4 Cut a Penstock or Drain from the Salt-works belonging to the said Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward

4 empties itself, and it is necessary for the said Salt-works that the said Penstock or Drain Oiould always

4 remain free and open : And whereas the said Commissioners of Sewers may think proper to make use of

4 the said Cut for the Purposes of this AS,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no

Work shall be done or made, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, which shall in anywise prevent or

obftuft the free Courl'e of the Water through the said Penstock from the Salt-works at Stonar, but that

the fame shall have a free Passage into the said Cut, and shall be under the foie Direction and Management

of the Owner or Occupier of the said Salt-works for the Time being.

4 IV. And whereas it may be necessary for making the said Cut or Drain at or near Stonar aforesaid, to

4 make use of Part of the Lands belonging to Jofias Wordfivorth Esquire, in the Parish of Minster: And

4 whereas the said Jofias Wcrdsworth is willing that such Part or Parts of seven Acres of his Land lying

4 next and adjoining to Stonar aforesaid (not exceeding three Acres thereof in the Whole) as shall be

4 wanted by the said Commissioners of Sewers, may be made use of by them for making the said Cut or

4 Drain, and such other Works as shall be necessary to be made or used for the Purpose only of draining

4 the Lands and Grounds within the said General rallies, upon making a reasonable Compensation to him

4 for the fame/ be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers to purchase and make use of any Part or Parts of the said seven

Acres of the said Lands of the said jofias Wordfiworth, in the said Parish of Minster (not exceeding three

Acres thereof in the Whole), which shall be wanted for making the said Cut or Drain, or any Part or

Parts thereof, or for making or erecting any Works which the said Commissioners of Sewers shall think

necessary to be made or erected for the Purpose only of draining and improving the Lands and Grounds

within the said General Vallies,

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or

impower the said Commissioners of Sewers, or their Agents, Workmen, pr Servants, to take or use any

other Part or Parts of the Lands of the said "Jofias Wordfiworth than as aforesaid, without the Consent in

Wruing for that Purpose of the said fiofias Wordfiworth, his Heirs or Assigns, first had and obtained. ’

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Cut or Drain mall be made at or near the Salt-

woiks at Stonar aforesaid, the Bank on the South Side of the said Cut or Drain from the said River Stour

to Sandwich-haven aforesaid, along by the Salt-works, shall be the Property of the Owner of the Land

whereon the fame now is or may be made; and the fame shall and may from Time to Time be repaired,

enlarged, and made use of (but without Prejudice to the said Cut or Drain, or the Works therein or be-

longing to the fame) by the Owner or Owners thereof, without any Interruption or Hindrance from or

by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person whomsoever : Provided always, That nothing

herein contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the said Commissioners of Sewers, or their Agents or

Workmen, from coming, going, passing, and repassing, on, over, and from the said Bank, to make, re-

pair,' or amend, any of their Works in, upon, or adjoining to the said Cut or Drain, as often as Occasion

shall require, the said Commissioners of Sewers making good all Damages which shall be done to the said

Banks by their said Agents or Servants in making, repairing, or amending, the Works aforesaid.

4 VII. And whereas it will be necessary, for the Accommodation of Passengers, that a Bridge should be

4 built over the said intended Cut or Drain / be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners

t>f Sewers shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to erect and build, or cause to be erected or

built, a good and substantial Carriage-bridge where the said intended Cut or Drain erodes or interfefts the

Road leading from the Town of Sandwich to the Isle ofi Thanet, or within ten Yards of the lame ; and that

<he Passage or Road over the said Bridge shall be made, and at all Times remain, fourteen Feet broad at

the least; and the said Bridge shall be free to all Persons whomsoever j and that no Person shall be subject

or liable to the Payment of any Toll or Pontage whatsoever for passing or repassing over the said Bridge,

cither on Foot, or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or any other Thing whatsoever; and that the ifx-

pences attending the building the said Bridge shall be defrayed out of such Money as shall be raised and

received by virtue of this Act; and the said Bridge shall at all Times thereafter be repaired, supported,

•and maintained, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, and the Expences thereof defrayed out of the Scots

and Sums of Money hereafter to be raised by them within the said General Vallies : Provided always, That

•the said Commissioners of Sewers shall not make the said Cut, or any Part thereof, in or across the said

Road, until such Time as they shall have made and perfected such Bridge, or shall have made or left a

convenient Passage for Accommodation of his Majesty’s Subjects using the said Road.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

/aid Commissioners of Sewers, at their first or any other General Session, or at any Adjournment thereof

,which shall he holden next after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time yearly, or otherwise,

-during the Term of seven Years, to be computed from the Time of passing of this Act, to assess, rate,

*ax, and charge, or scot, for the Purpose of doing and executing such Works, Matters, and Things, as

are by this Act authorised and directed to be done, all and every the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or

Occupiers, or either of them, of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds within the said General Tallies,

which now arc, or shall be hereafter, legally fcotteil to the said General Tallies by the said Commissioners

of Sewers, in such Rates or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of two

Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, in any one Year, according to the fame Rates and Proportions which

:they now are or hereafter may be fcotted to the said General Tallies, and not otherwise, and to levy the

/ame; so as the said Occupiers, or any of them, shall not be subject or liable to pay any greater Share or

t Vol. XII. 4 M Proportion

631

Free Coarse of

Water to be pre-

ferred through

the Drain from

Lord Dudley*

Salt-works.

Commissioners

of Sewers may

make Use of

Part of Mr.

Wordsworth*!

Lands.

Proviso, relating

to the rest af

Mr. Werdf-

worth’s Lands.

Banks on the

South Side the

Cut to be the

Property of the

Owner of the

Lands whereon

the fame ftuM be

made.

Commissionert

of Sewers to

erect a Bridge

across the Road,

leading from

Sandwich to the

Me of Thanet.

Bridge to he free.

Commissioners

irn powered to

make Rates for

draining the Ge-

nial Vallies }

not eaceeding

it, 6d per

*cre in one

Year.

