43° C. 66. Anno Hecimo quinto Georgii IIL, A. D. 1775.

this AS; rand that they the said Dike Reeves and Officers, after reimbursing themselves such Sums of

Mohey so laid out and expended as aforesaid, shall pay the Overplus of such Rates, Taxes, and AffeiL

ments (except as before excepted), to the CoJleSor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Rates,

Taxes, and Assessments, to belaid by force and virtue of this AS, and to be by them applied to and for

the Purposes thereof: Provided, that the fame be colleSed and received by the said Dike Keeves and Of-

ficers of Sewers within fix CalendarMonths after the patting of this AS.

# XXXIII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid. That if any ASion, Suit, or Informa-

tion, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance

of this AS, or in the Execution of any of the'Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such ASion or

Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the FaS committed, and not afterwards,

and shall be laid, had, and brought in the said ljle of£ly% or in the County of Cambridge 5 and that the

Defendant or Defendants in such ASion or ASions, Suit or Suits, shall and may plead the General Ittfue,

and if in Replevin justify*and avow by virtue of this AS, as Persons aSing by Authority of Commissioners

of Sewers are enabled to do, and shall and may, without Specially pleading the same, other than as afore-

said, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this AS and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the

fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this AS : And if the fame shall appear to have been io

done, or if any such ASion or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the

fame, or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Liberty than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall

.find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants ; or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or

forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their ASion or ASions, Suit or Suits; or if a VerdiS

shall pais, or upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given again!! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; that

then, or in any of these Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble

Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for the fame as where Costs by Law are awarded.

ReimingRigbts XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaSed, That this AS, or any Thing herein con*

'*a*nc<* shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lefien, diminish, alter, or take away any

0 oeatoraLev . cf tkc Rjgj,t8> Powers, or Authorities, veiled in the Governor, Bailiffs, or Commonalty, of the Com-

' ipany of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs,

and Conservators, by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled. An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens$ called Bed ford Level, or by virtue

-of any other AS or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which,

by virtue of the said AS of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other AS or Statute what-

soever, now are veiled in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or Governor, Bailiffs, and Con-

servators. or any of them, shall, for ever hereafter, remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bai-

liffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully

And amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this AS had never been made.

Poblnk Act. XXXv. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That this AS shall be deemed, taken,

and allowed to be a Publick AS; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take

4 Notice thereof as fitch, without specially pleading the same*

‘Limitation of

Aftiom.

^General IiToe.

“Treble Coftt.

\

