The T I TLES of the STATUTE S.

longing to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and

Radnor, to William Pierce Hall, and John Woodhouse,

Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of

Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held

by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts,

therein mentioned.

ioe. An Act for confirming to the resident Freemen or

Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen

or Burgenes, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne* their

full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of The Town Moore,

Castle Leazes* and Nuns Moor* within the Liberties of

the said Town, for two Milch Cows each, in such

Manner as has been used ; and for .improving the Her-

bage of the said Town Moor* Cajile Leazes, and Nuns

Moor* respectively.

^o6. An Act for dividing and inclofin? the Commons, or

Waites, called or known by the Names of Wedmore

Moor* Churchland Moor* Tadam and Teel Moor* and

Mudgeky Moor* within the Parish of Wedmore* in the

County of Somerset.

107. An Act for confirming and eitablilhing the Division,

Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges of

certain Lands, in Balmbrough* Shoeflon* and Sunderland,

in the County of Northumberland, made between the fe-

veral Persons interested therein ; and for appointing Ar-

bitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of

the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland* in the said

County, to a Trad of disputed Ground lying contiguous

to the said Manors.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, anc

other commonable Lands, of and within the Parish ant

Liberties of Hellidon* in the County of Northampton.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, common Heath, common Pastures, com-

mon Meadows, and other commonable Lands, of anc

1 within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollowell* in

the Parish of Guilfiorougbin the County of North-

ampton*

tio. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon Fields, Meadows, commonable Lands and Com-

mons, within the Manor and Township of Graff ham* in

the County of Huntingdon.

111. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Popham,

Gentleman, with Ann Tate Whitefide, his now Wife;

and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

112. An Act to enable George Dicker dine Esquire, and his

Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice

Fellowe* and to bear the Arms of Fellovje* pursuant to the

Will of Rice Fellowe Esquire, deceased.

113. An Act to enable the Trustees named in a certain Act

of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving fur-

ther Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parlia-

ment , made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty* intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the

Will of the late General Pul ten ey, and other Trustees-ap-^

pointed by this At7, to purchase and exchange Lands and

Grounds in the Manor of Bath wick, in the County of So-

merfet, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways

to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built ever the

River Avbn, in the said County; and also to impotver the

Persons in Possejlion of the said Eft ate for the Time being*

under the said Will* to grant Leases of certain Lands and

Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable thefaii

Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water\

within the said Manor 0/Bath wick, to the Mayory Aider-

men* and Citizens of Bath ; and for extending the Juris-

distion of the said Mayor* Aldermen* and Citizens, over

Part of the said Manor of Bathwick 5 and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of

Leafeing, given by the said At7, to the Persons therein

named; and for other Purposes* to raise a Sum of Money

for the Purposes therein mentioned.

114. An Act for allotting and dividing the open Fields and

Commons, in the Manor of Laleham* in the Counties of

Middlesex and Surrey*

1

