356

'Penalty 4©!. 0*

Failure of a fjf*

■ ficitnt Quantity

of CojJ*.

i^roviso respift-

-ing the Purthafe

•of a Jess Quan-

tity than a Ton.

^Proviso with re-

spect to railing

the Coals to 6 s.

per Ton during

-tlit second

Term,

"Writing* not to

*"l>e charged with

-Strap-duties.

•Proceeding* not

to be quaflied

for want of

Form,

Fines and For-

feitures how to

be recovered and

applied.

How Justicet

may. proceed for

the Conviction

of Offender*

Form of Con*

viftioa.

C. 16i Anno decimo quinto Gbokgii III. A. D. 1775.

than one hundred Weight) : And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall take or receive any greater

Price or Prices respectively than as before mentioned from any such Inhabitant (knowing him to be such)

for any such Coals to be used and consumed as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the Manner

herein after mentioned : And if the said Sir Nigel Grejley and Nigel Bowyer GrcJJey, their Heirs or Afligrs,

shall, at any Time hereafter, during the respective Terms aforesaid, neglect to find and provide, on the

Wharf of the said Cut or Canal, at the Termination thereof, within or near to the said Town of Newcastle

under Lyme, a Supply of Coals sufficient for all and every the-Inhabitants of the said Town, to be used

and consumed in their own Houses, Outhouses, and Buildings, as aforesaid, at the respective Rates and

Prices aforesaid, for the Space of one Calendar Month together (unless hindered or prevented by ine-

vitable Accidents in working the said Coal Mines, or byFrofts); then, and in such Cafe, the said Sir

Nigel Grejley and Nigel Boivyer Grejley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

* pay the Sum of forty Pounds ; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned 2

And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, take the Benefit, or claim or demand the Be-*

nefit of the Provision herein before made for the Inhabitants of the said Town of Newcastle under Lyme,

or the said Part of the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, not being thereunto intitled, every such rerfon shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be also recovered, levied, and applied, in

Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXIX. Provided always, That in case any such Inhabitant shall, at any Time during the said last-*

mentioned Term of twenty-one Years, require to buy any less Quantity of Coals than a Ton, that it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Nigel Grejley and NigelBowyer Grejley, their Heirs or Assigns, to

take and receive for the fame after the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny for every hundred Weight, con*

lifting as aforesaid.

XL. Provided also, That in case it shall at any Time hereafter, during the said second Term, be made

appear to the said CommissioAers, or any seven or more of them, at a Meeting for that Purpose afferabled,

of which twenty Days Notice shall be given, in Manner herein after mentioned, specifying the Intent of

such Meeting, that the aforesaid Price of five Shillings and Sixpence a Ton shall, by the Advance of La-

bour, or other unforeseen Accidents, be inefficient to answer the Expence of getting, carrying, and

vending, the said Coals, and a reasonable Profit to the said Sir Nigel Grejley and Nigel Bowyer Grefiey,

their Heirs and Assigns; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-

sioners, or any seven or more of them, at such Meeting assembled, to give Power and Authority to the

laid Sir Nigel Grejley and Nigel Bowyer Grejley, their Heirs and Assigns, to demand and take for such Coals

as aforesaid any Sum not exceeding six Shillings a Ton, confining as aforesaid, and so in proportion as

aforesaid; and after such Power and Authority given, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir

Nigel Grejley and Nigel Bowyer Grejley, their Heirs and Assigns, to take and receive such Price or Sum a*

shall be so authorised, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Summons, Order, Determina-*

tion, Judgment, Warrant, Contract, Agreement, Bond, or other Writine whatsoever, under the Hands*

or under the Hand and Seal, of any Justices of the Peace, or of the said Com mi (Turners, or any of them,

or any other Person or Persons appointed or employed by them, or other Writing whatsoevei% made in

pursuance of the Powers given in and by this present Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp

or other Duty whatsoever; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be

q-ua&ed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, -

into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, the levying and

recovering of which said Fines and Forfeitures are not herein before particularly directed, shall be levied

by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace of the said Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, or of the said County of Stafford rerpe6tively (which

said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to hear and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and deter-

mine the fame, and may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine or Forfeiture herein

before imposed or inflicted) ; and all such respective Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this A61 imposed

and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, shall be paid into the

Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied in

Manner following, (that is to say) Two third Parts thereof for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor

of the Parish of Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, and the remaining third Part thereof for the Maintenance

apd Relief of the Poor residing within the Manor of Apedale aforesaid ; and in Default of Payment of any

of the said Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, inflicted by this Act, or if no fufllcient Distress can be found

to answer the fame, the Person or Persons offending, and liable to such Forfeitures, shall, by Warrant or

Warrants of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, or the said Bo-

rough of Newcastle under Lyme respectively, be sent to the House of Correction for such County or Borough

respectively, there to be kept in hard Labour for any Space of Time such Justice or Justices shall direct,

not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Forfeitures.

XLIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further

enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall

be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the fol-

lowing Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen; videlicet,

c TJE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

c X3 A. 5. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Borough of

? Newcastle under Lyme, or for the County of Stafford, [ specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when

6 » 4 and

