A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgm 53.

respective Par idles or Places in one Year, upon the Medium already drawn under the said recited Act,

from Easter one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to Eajiir one thousand seven hundred and

seventy.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall exempt the

Churchwardens and Overseers of the feveril PariQves and Places within the said lflc of Wight* from the

Several Duties prescribed to them by the general Laws and Statutes of the Realm; but all Churchwardens

and Overseers shall keep regular Books of Accounts, and {hall have them ready for public Inspection,

and shall regularly pass their Accounts every Year, and do all other Duties required of them by the ge-

neral Laws and Statutes of the Realm, other than and except such as are hereby transferred to the Di-

rectors and acting Guardians, any Thing in this Act to the contrary jiotwkhstanding : And in case any

Churchwarden or Overseer mall die, his Executors or Administrators shall, within forty Days aftef his

Decease, deliver over all Things concerning his Office to some Churchwarden or Overseer of the fame

Place, and shall pay, out of the Assets left by such Churchwarden or Overseer, all Sums of Money re-

maining due, which he received by virtue of his said Office, before any of his other Debts are paid and

Satisfied.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Directore or acting Guardians shall have neglected or

refused to hold any such Quarterly Meeting, or if there shall not have appeared a sufficient Number of

Directors and acting Guardians at any such Quarterly Meeting, by Means whereof such Assessments

cannot be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace for the said

County, acting in and for the Division of the said IJlt of Wight* to order such Rate to be made for the

ensuing Quarter as to them shall seem meet; and in case no such Order shall be made within one Month

from the Time when such Quarterly Meeting should have been held, the fame Proportion shall be rated,

^ffefled, and raised, in such respective Parishes and Places, by the respective Churchwardens and Overseers

of the Poor, for the ensuing Quarter, as was raised in the preceding Quarter, and shall be paid to the said

a reafurer in such Manner as is herein before mentioned, with respect to the taxing, assessing, collecting,

recovering, and paying, of the Sums assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians.

* L. And, for the more regular discharging of such Sum and Sums of Money as have been Already bor-

€ rowed under the said recited Act, or shall be hereafter borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, and the In-

* terest of the fame refoeftively,’ be it enacted, That one equal Moiety or half Part of all such Sum and

Sums of Money as {hall yearly and every Year, for the Spaceof twenty Years, (to be computed from the

First day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six) be saved out of the Rates and Assessments,

and Penalties and Forfeitures, to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and the Profits of the Work

of the Poor, and shall remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Corporation upon settling his

annual Account?, shall go and be applied, yearly and every Year during such twenty Years, towards the

paying off and discharging such Sum and Sums of Money as have been so already borrowed, or shall be

hereafte/borrowed, upon the Credit of this Act; and that the other Moiety or half Part of the Monies

which shall be so saved as aforesaid, shall yearly and every Year, during such twenty Years, be applied to

Jeffen and reduce the Rates and Assessments to be made for the Relief of the Poor within the said Island,

.below the present Average or Medium Rates, in an equal Degree, and in Proportion to the Rates which

shall be levied upon the respective Parishes within the said Island ; and, from and after the Expiration of

4he said Term of twenty Years, all and every Fuch Sum and Sums of Money as shall be saved in Manner

aforesaid, shall go and be applied, yearly and every Year, towards the paying off and discharging such

Sum and Sums of Money as have been already, or shall hereafter be, borrowed as aforesaid, until the

Whole of such Monies shall be paid off and discharged.

Li. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

every poor Person and Persons, incapable of providing for himself, herself, or themselves, and entitled by

the Law of the Land to receive Relief from any Pariln or Place within the said Island, shall be under the

Management and Government of the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor for the Time being,

and of the several Committees and Meetings of Directors and acting Guardians held by virtue of this

Act; who may, at their Discretion, at their weekly or other Meetings, order any of the poor Persons

entitled to Relief to be received and maintained within the said House of Industry, or may order Relief

to be given and allowed to any poor Persons out of the said House, as in their Discretion they shall fee

Occahon, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations,

■as shall be prescribed by any Bye-law or Bye-laws from Time to Time to be made by virtue of this

Act.

LII. And be it enacted. That all poor Children, who at any Time shall be maintained by the said

Guardians, shall be and remain under their Government till they arrive to the following Ages, (videlicet)

every Male Child till the Age of eighteen Years, and every Female Child till the Age of Sixteen Years;

and that after such refoeftive Children shall have attained the said respective Ages (or sooner, if the said

Directors and acting Guardians shall fee Occasion), they shall be discharged from the Rule and Govern-

ment of the said Guardians, and be at their own Disposal; or if the Parents, Kindred, or Friends, of

Children so maintained shall, before they arrive at the said respective Ages of eighteen and sixteen Years,

be able and willing to receive, maintain, and employ, or provide fit and proper Services for such Chil-

dren, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians (if they shall think

proper) at any of the said Quarterly or Weekly Meetings, todifmifs such Children : And that it shall and

saay be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, or any three of them, whereof two

at Jeaft shall be Directors, by and with the Consent of two of his Majesty’s Tuftices of the Peace for the

said County of Southampton, acting in and for the Division of the Ijle of Wight* at any Time before such

Children shall arrive at the respective Ages aforesaid, to bind any such Child or Children, where they

4Hz , foal!

6o.r

Churchwtrdtn%

Sec. to be liable

to the general

Lawi of the

Lants.

In case of no

Meeting! how

Rates to be

made.

Method of pty-

ing the Prin-

cipal-Money.

Poor to be under

the Government

of the Guar-

dians.

Male Children

to remiin undef

the Government

of the G Jardians

till the Age of

18; and Fe-

males till ib t

Or may be ap-

pre.nt ce<i till the

A gw* of x i.

