5i°

or throwing Grt-

tcI, &c. into

CanaJ, to forfeit

Regulation! for

Vessels passing

the Locks.

\

Penalty of 40s.

for each Of-

fence.

Canal not to be

under the Power

of Commission-

ers of Sewers.

If Company ne-

gleft to pay an-

nual Rent!, &c.

Commissioners

may appoint a

Person to receive

the Rates, and

pay the fame,

4t c«

Referration of

Rights of Lords

of Manors, dec.

relating to

Mines, dec.

•c. 28.

Anno decimo lexto Georgii Ilf. A* D. 1776.

Notice given to the Owner or Owners, Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat or Vessel so ob-

ftrufting the Passage as aforesaid, remove the fame, so as to make a free Passage for other Boats or Vessels,

every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, floating such Timber, or having the Care of such Boat

.or Vessel so obstructing the Passage as aforesaid, {hall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of

five Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall throw any Ballast, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any

Part of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, every such Person {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum

not exceeding five Pounds; which said respective Forfeitures shall be paid to the said Company of Pro-

prietors, their Successors or Assigns, to be by them applied to the Purposes of the said Navigation,

XCI. Provided always, and oe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Boatman or other

Person navigating any Boat or other Vessel upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, through any Lock to

be made thereon, {hall, in going down the fame, (but the Lower Gates of such Lock before he shall draw

the Cloughs of the Upper Gates thereof; and after he or they {hall have brought his Boat or other Vessel

into the said Lock, {hall (but the Upper Gates before he {hall draw the Cloughs of the Lower Gates there*-

of; and in all dry Seasons, when there {hall be a Scarcity of Water in the said Canal or collateral Cuts,

the Vessel going up the fame, if within Sight of, and at a Distance not exceeding three hundred Yards

below a Lock, {hall pass through the fame oefore the Vessel coming down, and then the Vessel next above

such Lock shall come down; and if there are more Vessels than one below and above any Lock at the fame

Time, in such dry Seasons, within the Distance aforesaid (which Distance {hall be distinguished by a Post

or Mark to be set up or made for that Purpose), such Vessels shall go up and come down at-such Lock

by Turns as aforesaid, until all the said Vessels going up or coming down shall have passed, by which

Means one Lock-full of Water may serve two Vessels; and. if any rerfon shall act contrary to the Rules

herein before laid down, and shall be convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon the Oath of

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, as alfothe Master or other Person having the Command of

such Boat or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of forty.Shillings.

XCII. And be it further enacted. That the said*Canal or collateral Cuts, or any Works whatsoever to

be made by virtue of this Act, {hall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of any

Commission of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Thing or any Law or Statute to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such annual Rents or Sums as shall

be agreed on between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and the Parties in-

terefted in such Lands, Grounds, Mills, Forges, or Iron Works, or which shall be so settled and afeer-

tained by the said Commissioners, or by a Jury as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Rates and Dues herein

before granted, and shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, as the

fame shall become due and payable; and in case the fame shall not be paid within twenty-one Days next

after the fame shall respectively become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint one or

more Person or Persons to receive the said Kates and Dues, and to pay the fame to such Person or Persons

to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, until such yearly Rents or Sums,

with the Costs and Charges of recovering and receiving thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; or such

Person or Persons, to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, may foe the

said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, for, and recover the fame, with Costs of Suirf

by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record ; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to

and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such

yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, and be and they, and every of them, is and are

hereby impowered to seize and distrain any Boats, Vessels, or other Goods or Effects of the said Company

of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, which shall be found upon the said Canal of collateral Cuts9

or in, upon, or about, the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works belonging thereto, and to de-

tain the fame until Payment thereof, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress; and if

such Distress shall not be redeemed within five Days after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given in

Writing, by affixing such Notice on some public Place at any of the Wharfs or Quays belonging to the

said Company of Proprietors, then such Boats, Vessels, or other Goods or Effects so distraineo, shall and

may be appraised and fold in such Manner as the Law directs in case of Distress for Rent; but the Goods

or Effects of no other Person or Persons than the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns,

shall be liable to be seized or detained by virtue of the Powers hereby given.

XCIV.' Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, prejudice, or affect the Right of any Lord

or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Common or Waste Grounds, or of any Owner or Owners of any

Lands or Grounds in, upon, or through which the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Towing-paths, Wharfs,

Quays, Trenches, Sluices, Passages, Watercourses, or Conveniencies aforesaid, or any of them, shall be

made, to the Mines,' Minerals, or Quarries, lying or being within or under the Lands or Grounds to be

set out or made use of for such Canal and collateralCuts, Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, or other Con-

veniences aforesaid, or any of them; but all such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, are hereby reserved

to such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or of such Common or Waste Grounds, and to such

Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively, their Heirs or Assigns ; and that it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, Common or Waste Grounds, or

such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively (subject to the Conditions and Restrictions

herein contained) to work all such Mines and Quarries, and to take and carry away all such Coals, Iron-

stone, and Minerals, as {hall be gotten therein, to his and their own Use ; provided that in working such

Mines and Quarries no Injury be done to the said Navigation; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding,

XCV. Provided

