44®

Anno decirno fextd> Georgii IlL

Preimble.

Act P«rl. Sc6t-

land, 1707,

recited.

A& 4 Geo. IX*

ind 10 Geo* IL

recited*

The Duty Of!

Ale and Beer

brewed, See. in

Dundee, further

continued for

*5 Yeys.

The Duty to be

levied on the

fame Personi

and in the lame

Wanner, Sec.

as mentioned in

former A£s.

C. 16.

A.D. 1776.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by three Acts of Parliament, for lay*

ing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended

within the Town of "Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes iii

the said Acts mentioned*

c X T7HE&EAS by an A St pasted in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year of our Lord one thousand

yV seven hundred and seven, an Imposition of Two Pennies Scots'’(over and above the Dufy of Ex-

cifeL was laid upon every Pint of Aje. and Beer brewed, brought in, tapped, vended, and fold, within

the Town of Dundee, ana the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for paying off and discharging such public

Debts as then had been incurred, on several Occasions, by the said Town, which Act was to have Con-

4 tinuance for the Term of twenty-four Years, to be cotpputed from the twenty fifth Day of March,

4 which was in the Year one thousand seven hundred apd seven; And whereas by another Act, passed in

the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it was enacted, That the said

Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, by the said former Ad granted,

should be further continued and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the

4 Roy?! Borough of Dundee, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and

Affigris, for the several Purposes in the said Act particularly mentioned and declared; which said last

1 mentioned Act was to continue and be in Force for and during the further Term of twenty-five Years,

to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of J[larch, ope thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, patted ict

c the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg: the Second, intituled, An Act for en~

4 larging the Term and Powers granted by two Arts of Parliament^ for laying a Duty of, Two Tunnies Scoff

4 upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the fiber lies and Sub*

4 urls thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts, and this present Act mentioned; it was enacted, Thy the said

rdcited Aas, a;id each of t^iem, and all and every the Authorities, Powers^! Articles, Rules,., Penalties*

4 rrovifoes and Clauses therein contained, (except such Clauses, Matters, and Things, as were by the said

€ last mentioned Act altered or varied) should continue and be in Force, ana be executed,from and, after

the first Day of May, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, for and during the Term

4 of twenty-nve Years by the said former Acts granted, as well for empowering 4the Magiftr^tes to pay

4 yearly out of the said Duty the Sum of sixteen Pounds thirteen Shillings andJour Pence* as an additional

rrovision to eaqh of the three Minifies of the said Town, and their Successors for thp Time being, and

4 also for other the Purposes in the said former Acts, or either of them, mentioned, as for finifoing and

4 completing the Common (fall and Gaol of the said, Town, , and for empowering the Magistrates and

4 Town Council to convert the (lofpit?! of the said Town, then used for the Reception of decayed Burgb-

4 ers, into a Workhouse for employing and jetting the popr Inhabitants of the said Town to work; and

that from and after the Expiration of, the Term by.the said former Acts granted, the fubfilting Term

4 was by the said last mentioned Act enlarged and continued for the further Term of twenty-five Years

4 from thence next ensuing, ^nd from thence to the Epd of the then next Session of Parliament, subject

and liable to the Payment of the Money then due and owing, or to be due and owing on the Credit of

the Duties by the said former Acts,. or either of them, or the said reciting Act* granted and made pay-

4 able for the rurpose§ therein njentipned and declared: Apd whereas the Money arising by the said I/uty.

4 hath been duly applied according to the Direction of the said Acts, *nd great Progress hath beenmad*

c in carrying on the Works thereby directed to be done, whereby a considerable Debt is noW owing on the

4 Credit of the said former Acts, which cannot be paid off, and the Repairs and other necessary Works by

4 the.said Acts directed to be done, carried on and completed, unlcfs1 the Terms and Power% by the said

4 former Acts granted, be enlargedmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the King’s qipft Excellent Majesty, by and with thd Advice and Consent of thp Lirda Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That the; Imposition or puty, granted apd made payable by the said recited Acts, upon Ale apd

Beer, brewed, brought in, tapped, vended and fold within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburb*

thereoF, {hall,'from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said last reciied Act granted, be; further con-

tinued, raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable to the ProVoft, Magistrates and Town Council r f the

said Borough of Dundee, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns,

for the further Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition of Duty shall,

during the additional Term by this Act granted, be raised, levied, and collected, from the same Persons,

and by the fame Means and Methods, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, apd be accounted for,

paid, and applied, to and for trie fafaeUfes and Purposes; and that the Provoft, Magistrates, and Town

Council of the said Borough of Dundee, be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the fame

Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions as are mentioned and declared in the said recited Acts;

and that the said recited Acts, and every Authority, Power, Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing

therein contained, shall be of the fame Force and EffeCl to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting,

securing, and levying the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same for the Uses and Purposes

mentioned in the said recited Acts, so far as the lame arc not already executed, for and during the l^id

additional Term of twenty-five Years, for which the fame are hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if

the said former recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-en;uSled in the Body of this pre-

sent Act (except such Clauses, Matters, and Things, as were by the said recited A£t$ ana this present

Act varied or altered). ' ,

2 III. And

e

