A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii IN. C. 61.

t

with the Imereft for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum per Jnnumy shall be fully

Day of in the Year of our

621

paid and satisfied.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the

c-Lord

Witness, C.D:

And that the Money so to be borrowed shall be iflTued, paid, and applied, for the Uses and Purposes of AntWcnof

this A&, in such Manner as is herein after directed; and that no Preference shall be given to any Person lni *'T,ney*

or Persons advancing any Part or Parts of the Money so to be borrowed, in refneft of the Priority of ad- bouo*cd*

vancing his, her, or their Part or Parts thereof, but that all such Lenders and Persons to whom such

Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Creditors on the said

Rates or Duties, and on the said Lands, Buildings, and Premises, so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in an

equal Degree one with another; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Entries or Memorials of every such

Grant or Grants, Alignment or Assignments, so to be granted and made as aforesaid, containing, the

Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money borrowed, shall be made or entered in a Book or Books

to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; which said Book or Books shall and may be

perufedatall feasonable Times by any of the said Trustees, or other Persons interested in the Premises,

without Fee or Reward: And that all and every Person and Person9, to whom any such Grant or Grants,

Alignment or Assignments, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby

granted or secured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, intereftor

Benefit, to the said Prin ipal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

by indorsing on the Back of such Grant or Security, before one credible Witness,- the following Words,

or Words to the like Purport or Effect; videlicet,

Alignments to

be entered in a

Book.

Assignments

may be traaf-

fer red.

TDo transfer this Grant or Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money thereby

€ A secured, and to all the Fntereit now due or hereafter to become due, unto C. D. of

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

Witness, £. F.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall keep or cause to

be kept and entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose, Minutes of their Proceedings; and also that

fair, just, and true Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of all Sums of Money to be collected,

received, iflTued, paid, and applied, for the Purpose of, or concerning the erecting, building, maintain-

ing, and supporting, the Lighthouse or Lighthouses, and Landmarks, and also for the several other

Things authorised to be done by virtue and in pursuance of this A<3, shall be entered and kept separately

and distin<£t]y in separate Books, and shall not be complicated or intermixed with any other Accounts

whatsoever; which said Minute-book and Books of Account shall be kept by the Clerk, Treasurer, or

some other Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for that Pur-

pose, and shall be open, at all convenient Hours of Business, to the Inspection of all Persons interested

therein.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this

A&* the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings af-

sembled, shall from Time to T5-j;ie appoint three Persons as Auditors, who shall annually inspedt and ad-

just the Treasurer’s Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of all the Monies collected, received,

levied, and paid, by virtue and in pursuance of this A&; and upon such Account or Accounts being so

audited and settled, the fame shall from Time to Time be fairly entered and transcribed in a Book to be

kept for that Purpose, and subscribed by such Auditors; which said Book shall be kept by the Treasurer

to the said Trustees for the Time being, or some other Person by them appointed to keep the

fame, for the Inspediion of all Persons interested therein; and that a General State of such Account or

Accounts shall be annually printed and publiftied.

4 XXII. And, to the Intent that the said Rates or Duties may be the better collected and received/ be it

further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs, Customer, Comp-

troller, Surveyor, Searcher, Coastwaiter, and all other Officers of the Customs whatsoever, within the

said Ports of Chester and Liverpool, their respective Deputies or Clerks, shall not, nor shall any of them,

after the Commencement of this Act, receive or grant any Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or

clear inwards or outwards any Ship, Sloop, or other Veffd, BritiJJr or foreign, liable and subject to the

Payment of the said Duties, until the fame Duties shall be fully paid or satisfied to the said Receiver or

Receivers so to be appointed by the said Trustees to receive the same; and until such respective Matter,

Owner, or other Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel subject and liable to the Payment thereof,

shall produce and shew to such Officer respectively a Receipt under the Hand of such Receiver for the

fame: And in case any such Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Coastwaiter, or

other Officer, or their Clerk, shall make Default in such his Duty aforesaid, he shall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner as the said Penalty on

Persons acting as Trustees, without being qualified, is herein before directed to be recovered.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Owner, Matter, or

other Person having or taking upon himfel/, or appearing to have or take, the Command or Charge of any

Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, charged or chargeable with the said Duties, and payable at the City and

Port of Chester, ftiail refuse lo pay the fame, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for

2 the

Form of Tradf*

fer.

'Minote-Vjoks

and Books of

Account to be

kept diltintt.

Auditors ap-

pointed to settle

the Treasurer’*

Accounts. ,

Officers of the

Customs not to

grant Cockets,

&c. till Pay-

ment of the Du-

ties:

on Penalty of

20).

In case of Non-

payment of Du-

ties at Chester,

Trustees may

disttain, &c.

