4*

Distress not un-

lawful for want

of Form,

■or the Party

distraining be

deemed a Tref-

pafler ab iaif/o.

Personi aggriev-

d may appeal to

the Quarter Scf-

fions*

fcimkition of

Action*

(toertllftti

PreMfcCHtk

9hr John Rams-

den* Trusteea

to carry thia A ft

into Execution

during bit Mi-

ofity,.

FtbCckAa;

C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

before particularly directed, shall be paid to the said Sir John Ramsden^ his Heirs or Assigns, and shall be

applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Navigation.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money

ip be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress jtfelf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Par-

ties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Forna

in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the

Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespaftefs ab initio, on account of any Irregularity

which shall afterwards be committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons ag-

grieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action

upon the Cafe.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who fha!l thfnk themselves aggrieved by

the Order or Judgment of any Justicfc or Justices of the Peace, or any of the said Commissioners, upon

account of any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, may appeal to the

Justices of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the said County of York, at their General or Quarter Sessions

of the Peace, within six Months next after such Cause 6f Appeal shall have arisen; the Penon or Persons

so appealing giving Security to the Satisfaction of the said justice qr Justices to prosecute such Appeal

with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be allowed and ascertained by the' said General or Quarter

Sessions, in case such Order or Judgment shall be affirmed; and the Justices, at such General or Quarter

Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order

therein, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as to them shall appear just \

which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeaDle by any

Writ of Certiorari^ or otherwise, into any oThis Majesty’s Courts of Record at fVe/hnirfier, or elsewhere.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, 0^ Information, OiaH be brought or com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this A ft, or in the Execution

of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions herein-before riven or granred, every such

Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and commenced within six Months next after the Fast

committed for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, and not afterwards, and shall be brought*

kid, and tried, in the County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in all fudi

Actions or Suits, may plead the Generallffue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at

any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority

of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be

brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought or laid in any other

County or Place than as aforesaid; that then, and in every or any such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants,

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or

Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, or otherwise,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Cafe-

Hiall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for Recovery of the fame as any Defendant or De-

fendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in othejr Cafes by Law.

4 LVIII. And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the ford Sir John Ramsden, and of all Persons wlw

have Estates near the said Town of Huddersfield, that the said Canal should be made and completed*

4 as soon as conveniently can be done: And whereas the said Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas

4 Ramsden Esquire, are willing to proceed in the Execution of this Act, during the Minority of the said.

4 Sir John Ramsden, in case they are authorised so to do / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas Ramsden

Esquire, or the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, and

they are hereby fully authorised and impowered (during rhe Minority of the said Sir John Ramsden), to

proceed in the Execution of this Act, and to cause the said Canal to be made, ana all other Works,

Matters, and Things, whatsoever relative thereto, to be done, performed, and executed, for the making

and completing the said Navigation, agreeable to the Directions of this Act; and all Contrafts, Agree-

ments, Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which shall be entered into, done, performed, and exe-

cuted, by the said Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas Ramsden, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators, of such Survivor, in pursuance of this Act (during the Minority of the

feid Sir John RamfdenJ, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents, Constructions, ami

Burposes whatsoever; and shall be binding upon the said Sir JohnRamfdeny his Heirs and Assigns, and upon-

all other Persons and Parties whatsoever. '

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, af Publicki

Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons. whomso*-

ever, without specially pleading the feme.

CAP-

