498

l*roprietors owy

fell their Share* j

the Modeaf

fring it.

No Sale pending

Call*.

i

Torm of Trans-

fer el Shares*

Clhrk to be ap^

pointed i

His Duty*

Penalty, fur

Default therein,

SL

Rare* to be

taken for Goods

navigated on the

CaaaJ; &c«

C. 28. Anno decirno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776*

to the Estate or Effects of such Owner deceased ; and all such Executors, Administrators, Trustees, and

Guardians, shall be indemnified against all such Infant or Infants, and other Persons whatsoever, for pay-

ing any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription 5 and

if such deceased Owner or Owners shall, not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Admini-

strator, Trustee, or Guardian, shall refuse or neglefi to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company

of Proprietors shall be and are hereby impowered and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be

Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such Owner or Owners deceased, on Condition that he,

(he, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators

of such deceased Owner, or the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant or others,

intitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner

in his or her Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such

other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the several Proprietors of such Navigation to (ell or dispose of any Share or Shares he, (he, or they shall

and may be intitled to therein, in Manner and subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; and

for that Purpose Duplicates of the Deed of Bargain and Sale or Conveyance of such Share or Shares shall

be made and executed by the Vendor and Vendee 5 one Part whereof, duly executed both by the Vendor

and Vendee, shall be delivered to the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Clerk

for the Time being, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company, and an Entry thereof shall be

made in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no more than one Shil-

ling shall be paid ; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and until such

Duplicate of such Deed shall be so delivered unto the said Committee, in order to be filed and entered as

above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Navi-

gation in respect of such purchased Share or Shares, or any Vote as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Call of such Monies shall

be made by a General Assembly or such Committee as aforesaid, no Person or Person shall fell or transfer

any Share which he, (he, or they shall then have in the said Undertaking, until the Monies payable by

such Call upon their refoe&ive Snare or Shares so to be sold shall be paid, under the Penalty of forfeiting

his, her, or their respective Shares of the said Undertaking to the said Company of Proprietors, for the

Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless the Person or Persons whh shall be Vendor or Vendors shall, at

the Time of such Transfer, pay the Money called for upon each Share so transferred, to the Treasurer of

the said Company; such Forfeiture to be notified and declared at a General Assembly in Manner herein

before directea.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sale or Transfer of the said Shares

shall be to the following EffeS, varying the Names and Descriptions of the contracting Parties as the

Nature of the Cafe may require i

4 T A. B. in Consideration of paid to me by C. I>. do hereby bargain, fell, and

4 1 transfer, to the said C. D. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

4 Share or Shares, [as the Cafe shall be] in The Stourbridge Navigation, to hold to him or her the said C. Z>.

4 his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the

4 fame Conditions, that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof: And I the said C. D. do

4 hereby agree to accept of the said ohare or Shares, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and

c Conditions. Witness our Hands and Seals the Day of in the Year of our Lord

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or the major Part of them, at any General

Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to nominate and

appoint, by Writing under their Hands, some Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks, and from

Time to Time to remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint one or more other Person or Persons in his

or their Stead 5 which Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose,

cater and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of

the said intended Navigation, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and

Proprietors of, or intitled to, any Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation, and of all the other

Acts, Proceedings, and Transadlions, of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns,

by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; and that each of the said Proprietors, Land-owners,

and other Persons interested or concerned in, or affected by, the said Navigation, shall and may, at all

convenient Times, have Recourse to, and peruse and inspedt the fame, and also the Book or Books to be

kept by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, gratis, and may upon Demand have Copies thereof, or of

any Part thereof, paying Sixpence for every two hundred Words : And if any such Clerk or Clerks shall

refuse to permit any such Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, to inspedfc or peruse such Book or

Books, or refuse to make any such Copy at the Rate aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds ; and whenever such Clerk or Clerks shall die, or quit the Service

of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall and may be lawful for the Committee of such Proprietors for

the Time being, or the major Part of them, to appoint some other fit Person in the Place of every such

Clerk dying or quitting the Service of the said Company, until the then next General Meeting, when a

Clerk shall be nominated and appointed by the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Consideration of the great Charge

and Expence the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, will be at in making, main-

taining, and supplying with Water* the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and in making and maintaining

