C. 66. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

u gation. Determinations and Verdicts to be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace; and deemed Re-

<c cords; and thereupon all Estate, Interest, &c. to be vested in the Company. Money paid to Corpo-

4< rations to be laid out by them in Purchase of other Estates; and in the mean Time to be placed out ac

Interest. Commissioners to settle the Proportions of Money to be paid to the Tenants, &fc- On De-

€i fault of Payment by the Company, Half the Duties to be liable; or the Money may be recovered at

44 Law. In case Damages and Costs be not paid out of the Rates,* the Effects of the Company to be liable.

44 If Rents and Sums of Money shall not be paid. Half the Rates to be liable; or Company may be sued

44 at Law, tifc. Penalty on Persons maliciously damaging the Works, Penalty for obstrufling the Works.

* Lands, &c. purchased in pursuance of this Act vested in the Company. Monies, Materials, &c. vested

44 in the Company. Company may raise 7,000/. amongst themselves for making the Navigation. Ap-

44 plication of the Money. 7'he Money subscribed to be divided into 70 Shares ; which shall be deemed

personal Estate. Proprietors to have a Vote for each Share, by Self or Proxy, as far as Seven Shares.

44 If the aforesaid Sum be not sufficient, 3,000/. more may be subscribed ; or Company may borrow the

44 fame, and assign the Navigation, &c. as a Security. Assignments to be entered in a Book. Assign-

44 ments may be transferred. Transfers to be entered by the Clerk. Subscribers to be paid Interest-money

44 in Preference to Dividends. Assignments to be considered as real Securities. Assignments not to con-

14 fer the Right of voting. Interest of Money borrowed to be paid yearly ; on Failure whereof Commis-

44 (loners to appoint a Receiver of the Rates, fcfr. First General Assembly of Proprietors. A Committee

44 to bechofen, to manage the Affairs of the Company for a Year, fffr. Committee to be under the

44 Controul of General Assembly. Ten Proprietors may call an occasional General Meeting. The

44 Committee to audit all Accounts of Disbursements : and to make Calls on the Proprietors ; which shall

44 be applied by the Committee. How the First Call may be recovered. Forfeitures on neglecting future

44 Calls. No Advantage to be taken of Forfeitures, till declared at a General Assembly. Company may

44 remove Committee-men, &c.; and make new Rules, Bye-laws, &c. Rules, Bye-laws, csV. under

44 Seal of the Company, to be binding on all Parties. Provision for Payment of Calls on Shares of Per-

44 fons who are dead or incapacitated. In case the deceased Owner does not leave Assets, other Persons

44 may be admitted ; paying to the Representatives the Sums theretofore advanced ; or otherwise Com-

44 pany may (ell the ohare for the Benefit of the Representatives. Proprietors may fell their Shares. The

44 Method of Sale, &c. Purchasers of Shares not entitled to vote, till they have been Proprietors fix

f4 Months. Exception. Shares may be transferred. No Person to fell after Call made, till the Call is

44 paid in. Lift of Names and Places of Abode of Proprietors to be kept; for Inspection of Proprietors.

44 The Clerk of the Company to attend Meetings of Commiflirvnerp, and enter their Proceedings in

44 Books; which shall be admitted as Evidence. Books, fcfr. to be locked up in Boxes, and kept where

44 the Company dire<Sh If Commissioners disapprove of the Clerk* Company to appoint another, &V.

44 Rates of Tonnage. Rates may be sued for; or Goods or Vessels seized and detained, tsfe. Masters of

44 Vessels to give Account of their Lading Penalty on Refusal, or giving false Account. All Persons

44 may use the private Roads made by the Company, except Towing path*; also the Navigation, Wharfs*

44 on certain Conditions. The Company to set up Gates, Bridges, If Fords spoiled, the Com-

44 pany to provide other Methods of Passage. In case any of the Works are damaged by Floods, the Com-

44 pany to repair the fame immediately, &c. without any previous Treaty with Land-owners, on Account

44 of Damage; making Compensation afterwards. Lords of Manors, or Land-owners, may provide

4‘ Wharfs, on their own Lands. Rate of Wharfage to be taken by Land-owners. Names of the

44 Owners of Vessels to be painted thereon. . Vessels to be mealurtrd by the Company and marked Pe-

44 nalty on Owners for Refusal or Neglefl. Commissioners to ascertain Distances for mooring Vessels.

44 Millers, on receiving proper Notice, l$c. are to draw up or (hut down Cloughs when necessary for

44 making the said Navigation, &c. or for the Passage of any Vcffol; on Penalty of 2c/. Penalty on

44 making Obstructions by placing Vessels. Vessels (unk to be weighed up forthwith. Penalty on floating

44 Timber, or improperly loading Vessels. Commissioners not to where interested. Commissioners

44 not to hold Places of Profit, or be otherwise interested in the Navigation. On Application of the Com-

44 pany, or Owners of Lands, &c. any three Commissioners may appoint a General Meeting. Commis-

44 sioners may adjourn. All Meetings to be public, and Questions determined by a Majority. Three

44 Commissioners may summon special Meetings upon Reaueft, for ascertaining Damages. No Meeting

41 effectual, unless previous Notice given of the Time, Place, and Business to be done. Meetings of

44 Commissioners to settle Controvernes to be held at Loughborough. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be

44 recovered. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form. Damages done in getting Mate-

44 rials, tsfr. to be paid for as soon as may be after finishing the Works. When purchased Lands are mort-

44 gaged, Company may pay the Mortgage oft', with Part of the Purchase-money; Mortgagee to give a

44 Receipt for the fame.”

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, within and from certain Lands, belonging to

Thomas Talbot Foley Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and commu-

nicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delphi upon Penfnet-chace, in the Pari Cl'

of Kingfwinford, in the County of Stafford.

44 Proprietors incorporated ; and impowered to make a navigable Canal. Line of Canal described. Re-

44 fervoirs to be made, and Fire-engines erected. General Powers of the Proprietor. Proprietors to do

44 as little Damage as maybe, and to make Satisfaction for the fame. Canal, Zyc. not to be extended

44 within a Mile of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, tffc. Reservoirs not to be m ade in certain Places.

* Certain Waters not to be diverted for the Use of the Canal. Proprietors not to make use of any Water

3 44 belonging

