354

Proceedings to

be entered in a

Book.

Books may be

read in Evidence.

Proceeding* not

to be quaihed for

Want of Form,

or removeable

by Certiorari.

Limitation of

A6ions,.

General Mae.

Tteile Costs,

Piiblick Adl«

Preamble.

A(\ 14GCO. III.

tsciNd.

C. 55, 56. - Anno decimo quinto Georgii III, A. D. 1775*

LVII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the

said Commissioners at their Meetings shall be entered in a Boole or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and

such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of the said

Commissioners assembled, as the Cafe shall require; and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be

original Orders; which laid Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts

whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touching

the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or

Thins to be done or transaded in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaflied

for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Day9

Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satis-

faction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

next after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and

every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and

Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place 5 and the Defendant

or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General IiTue, and give this

Ad and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had therepon, and the Mat-*

ter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance

and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or

if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was so brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as afore-

said, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or rendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not

be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or

Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if

a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in

such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Adioi*’

or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given

for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or

Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any De-

fendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cafes by Law.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in-

all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An An for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-

ditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse 1 and for pur chafing a Piece of Land for a

Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. LVI;

Ait Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the*'

King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the. Six Clerks of the Kings

Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Regijler and Accountant-general of the said

Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in

such, Offices; in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn,

instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane j and for other.

Eurposes*.

* TT 7 HERE AS by an Act of Parliament* passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present*

4 V V Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery,

4 and for ereftirig Offices for the Regijler and Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better preferring the

4 Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Accounts kept in such Offices \ it was (among other Things)

4 enacted, That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money mentioned in the said Act, and

4 out of the Interest produced and to be produced from such Securities, and out of the Surplus Interest

4 which should arise or be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament

4 in the said Act mentioned, and out of the Interest which should arise or be produced from Securities to

4 be purchased in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor

* of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great

c Britain for the Time being, should in his or their Discretion deem necessary, should be applied, under

4 the Direction of the said Court, in the first place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences

* attending the passing and obtaining the said Act, and then in rebuilding the said Office called The Six

4 Clerks Office, with the Offices belonging thereto, and in purchasing Ground and Houses for that Purpose,

4 if any faould be deemed necessary by the said.Court, and in providing a proper Place for transading the

•4 Buftnefs

