57 8

C. 4.1. Anna dcchco Jexto Gmmi lll. A. IX 1778.

IH. What Nbmbee of Poor have received constant

Relief during than Year, and what bar been the

Expence thereof; as near as the fame cm be cftt*

matbdf

The Number of Poor who received constant Relief

in that Year, was

The Expence of maintainingthem,. as near as the

fame can be efti mated, amounted to £.

IV. Is there a Workfcoufe in your Pariflr? If fb»

what Number of Poor will it accommodate I

.There is a* Workhouse, which will accommodate

! about Persons.

Yu What war expended in Litigations about Settle*

ments. Removals; Appeals, or other Disputes

concerning the Poori within that Year; diflan-

guifUing how much of (boh Expencesfarofe from

Dilates with PatKhee, Town ships, or Places,

nbt within the' County* Ridings Division, Pre-

craft^ Soke, Fraachife, Liberty, City, or Coun-

ty Corporate, wherein hid* Parish, Township,

« Place lay?

There was expended in Litigations, about Settle-

ments, Removals, and other Disputes concerning1

the Poor, within that Year, as near as the fame

can.be estimated, the Sum of £.

Of which there was expended in Disputes wkh Pa*

riihes, Townshipsv or Places, not within the

County, Riding, Division, Soke, Franchise, Li-

berty, City, or County Corporate, wherein such

lay the Sum of

>

Form of tbs Oaths

c \T OU (half swear, That the Answer and Return now made by you to the several Questrons contained

1 * in the Schedule thereunto annexed, is a full and true Answer to the said Questions, to the best of

* your Knowledge and Belief.*

CAP. XLI.

Pretmbk*

A a 15 GsoJIL

Sccited#

Acetal of w

AO of the Par-

liament of Ire-

land, if Geo.

HI#

An Act for granting a Bounty upon. Flax. Seed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of

the Aitftnun Netherlands* imported into Ireland* far a limited Time.

WHEREAS, determined by an Act of Parliament* made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign (intituled.

An ASt for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements nuessary for his Majesty's Forces, paid out of his

4 Alajeffs Revenues arifehg in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported fresh thence to the Places where such

4 Forces an ordered to ferae •* and for granting a Bbunty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a limited

4 Time)* reciting, That, by virtue of an Act of Parliament* made in Ireland, the third Year of his Ma-

* lefty’s Reign, a Premium or Bounty of five Shillings Hogshead is allowed and paid out of the Reve-

4 nue of that Kingdom upon the Importation of Flax Seed, which Bounty was not, at that Time, fuf-

c ficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby, and it was expedient that some farther Encourage-

4 ment should be given for a limited Time, to induce the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland* in order

* to promote and encourage the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdom; it is therefore, amoneft other

4 Things, enacted by the said recited Act, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand

4 seven hundred and seventy-fir, for and during the Space of two Years, and from thenee to the End of

4 the then next Session of Parliament, a further Bounty of five Shillings Hogshead, shall be allowed

4 for all Flax Seed imported into the Kingdom of Ireland; and that it {hall and may be lawful for the

4 Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England* or any four or more of them, for order the said

* Bounty thereby granted, to be paid by the Receiver general.of the Customs, out of any Money in his

4 Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management, to the Importer or Import-

4 ers of such FTax Seed, or to his or their Assigns, duly authorised to receive the same, upon his or the r

4 producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the

4 Customs at the Port in Ireland, where such Flax Seed was imported and landed, certifying the Numb r

4 Of Hogsheads so handed, with the Name of the Ship and Matter in which, and the Place from wfctnce,

4 and by whom* and at what Time the fame was imported, and that the Bounty granted by the before

4 mentioned Aftof Parliament,; made in Ireland* had been paid and allowed for the fame: And whereas,

4 by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland* in the sixteenrh Year of his Majesty rs Reign, intituled. An

4 AH to amend an Act* passed in the third Tear of his Majestys Reign, (intituled* 44 An Act for the continuing

44 the Encouragement riven by former Act* of Parliament, tathe Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures)*

4 a Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead is allowed, and paid out of the Revenue of that Kingdom* upon

4 the Importation of Flax Seed, of the Growth of the United Provinces* or of the Aujhian Netherlands*

4 from the first Day of January* one thousand (even hundred and seventy-six, until the nest Day of May,

4 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, subject to the several Clauses, Regulations, and Re-

4 ftrtftieas, contained in the said Act of Parliament, made in Ireland* in the third Year of his Majesty *s

4 Reign, concerning the Bounties therein given and provided : And whereas, iit order to encourage and

4 promote the Linen Manufactures in Ireland* it is deemed expedient in lilce Manner to extend the Bounty

Kluted by the said recited Act of Parliament, made in this Kingdom, in the fifteenth Year of his

ajesty’s Reign, to alt Flax Seed; of the Growth of the said United Provinces^ and of the Aujlrtan Nether-

4 lands* imported from thence into Irelandmay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;

and be k enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the tamev That a Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead shall be allowed, for all Flax Seed, of the

Growth

