3i4

ney granted for

Naval Services,

Sec, may be ap-

plied.

Saving Clause.

Conmissionertof

the Trea fury in-

demnified for

*rhat they shall

do in pursuance

of this Act.

Actiont to be

brought within

three Months,

Sec.

Defendants may

plead the Gene-

ral lflbe.

Publick Act.

Preamble.

Act la Car. II.

by Act n Geo. T.

made perpetual.

After Aug. i.

*775» when

Rape Seed shall

be above 17U

xos. per Left,

all former Duties

on such Seed im-

ported from Ire-

land shall cease;

and in lieu there-

of 1 s, per Lad

shall be paid, and

no more.

How Duties are

to be col lested,

and applied.

C. 34. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, to be sold or demised as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to ai>*

fwer the Purposes for which the fame is appropriated as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being, and he or they are hereby impowered, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands,

by or out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, for or towards

all or any of the Naval Services, and out of all or any of the Revenues arising or to arise to his Ma-

jesty, within the Receipt, Management, or Government of all or any of the several Offices erected and

established, or to be erected and established by virtue of this Act, to order and direct, from Time to Time,

such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall judge necessary for answering the Purposes aforesaid, and

carrying the Intentions of this Act into effectual Execution : Saving always to all and every Person and

Persons, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Suc-

ceflors, (other than and except the King’s most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than

such Person or Persons seised or possened) in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such

Estate, Right, Title, Interest, ana Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or might

have had, of, in, to, or out of the said Palace called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset Housey or to the

said Capital Messuage, late called Buckingham Housey and other the rremifes, or any Part thereof, before

the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been

made ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and

each and every other Person and Persons authorised by them, or any three of them, to do any Act in Ex-

ecution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby vested in them refoedively, as aforesaid, are and shall

be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of this Act: And that if any Action shall be

brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

or in relation to any of the Premises herein-before mentioned, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or

brought within three Calendar Months after the Fadt committed ; such Action shall be laid in the County

of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may

be at Liberty to plead the General KTue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without

specially pleading the same: And this Act and every Clause and Matter therein shall by all and every Judge

and other Person and Persons be construed and adjudged as largely and beneficially as can be for the Ends

and Purposes herein expressed.

XXII. And it is hereby declared to be a Publick A3 of Parliament; and all Judges, Justices, and others»

are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this

Kingdom, by reducing the Duties' on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil im-

ported from Ireland •, and for allowing the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure

from Ireland to this Kingdom.

€ ^WHEREAS by an Act, paffedinthe twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the

4 VV Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subjuly of Tonnage and Poundage, and other

4 Sums of Money payable on Merchandise exported and imported^ heavy Duties have been imposed upon Rape Seed,

€ and upon Oil extracted from Rape Seed, and other Vegetable Oils imported from Ireland, which Duties, by

4 an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, have been made

* perpetual; and the said Duties have been found by Experience to amount to a Prohibition of the Import-

* ation of the said Commodities from his Majesty’s said Kingdom of Ireland: And whereas this Kingdom, not

4 being able to supply its own Consumption, is obliged topurchafc large Quantities of Oils of different Sorts

4 from Foreigners, in the place of many of which Sorts now imported on low Duties, Oils made ih "this King-

* dotn of Rape Seed imported from Ireland might be advantageously fubstituted, and particularly for the Use

4 of the Woollen Manufa3ure: And whereas there is Reason to apprehend that there may be a Deficiency

4 in the Quantity of Whale Oil and other Fish Oil, so necessary for a Variety of Manufactures, which De-

4 ficiency may be best provided against by a Supply of Vegetable Oil to be manufactured in this King-

4 dom;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ena3ed, and be it enacted by the King’s mod

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after

the^ first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, whenever the Price of middling

British Rape Seed, at the Ports and Places where Rape Seed shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall

appear, according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and

Prices of Corn and Grain imported, to be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds and ten Shillings per

Last, all Duties heretofore imposed upon or payable on Account of any Rape Seed, or other Seed, com-

monly made use of for the Purpose of extrading Oil from the same, imported from Ireland\ shall cease,

determine, and be no longer paid ; and in lieu thereof, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, a Duty of one Shilling per Last, and no more, upon all Rape Seed, and upon all other Seeds

commonly made use of for the Purpose of extrading Oil therefrom, such Seeds being of the Growth of

Ireland^ and imported from thence into Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted. That the said Duties shall be levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such

and the same Manner, and for such and the fame Uies and Purposes, as the Dudes granted by the said Act

3 of

t^»

