A.D. 1776.

Anno decimo (exto Georgii III.

C, 61.

627

Towers or Trackers as aforesaid, and who shall in anywise neglect his or their Duty as Towers or

Trackers, or shall not conform themselves to all such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, as shall be made by

virtue of this Act for the better Government of such Towers or Trackers within the said Port of Chester :

And if any Tower or Tracker, whose Licence shall be suspended or taken away as aforesaid, shall take

upon him or themselves to tow or track any Ship or Vessel with Horses within the said Port of Chester^

such Tower or Tracker shall be liable to all such Pains and Penalties, and to be recovered' in the fame

Manner, as are provided by this Act against such Person or Persons as shall tow or track Ships or Vesselt

with Horses within the said Port ot Chester, without being full examined, approved, and licensed, as

aforesaid.

4 LV. And, in order to prevent Inconveniences that might arise for Want of a sufficient Number of

* Persons to tow or track Vessels with Hordes within the said Port of Chester as aforesaid,’ be it further

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, T hat in case of any Emergency, or extraordinary Want of 7'owers

or Trackors, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trtifttt s, or

such Person as he shall depute, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require, to lirenfe by

Writing, or verbally appoint, for one Day only at any one Time, such and so many l owers or IVackers

as shall be found necessary and useful on such Emergencies or extraordinary Want of Towers or Trackers

as aforesaid 5 and that such Towers or Trackers lo licensed or appointed shall not be liable, on the Day

for which they are so respectively appointed, to any Penalty inflicted by this Act upon Persons acting as

Towers or Trackers without being licensed by the said Trustees as aforesaid ; any Thing herein before

contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4 LVI. A.nd, for the better regulating and managing the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, Lights, Lnnd-

4 marks, and Buoys, and all other Works, Matters, and Things, authorised to be built, made, erected,

4 and done, by virtue of this Act, and for the better governing and regulating all such Pilots, and all

4 Towers and Trackers of Vessels who shall be respectively licensed to act as such within the said Port

* of Chester J be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Trustees appointed by this Act, or any nine or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly

Meetings, to be held in pursuance-of this to make, ordain, and establish, such Rules, Orders, Bye-

laws, and Regulations, for the better regulating and managing the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, Lights,.

Landmaiks, Buoys, and all other the Works, Matters, and Things, herein before mentioned relating

thereto, as to them shall seem proper and expedient; and also to make, ordain, and establish, separate

Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, for the better governing and regulating, of all such Pilots

fb to be appointed and licensed as aforesaid, and likewise to make, ordain, and establish, other separate*

Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, for the better governing and regulating of all such Towers

or Trackers so to be licensed as aforesaid : And it shall and maybe lawful for the said Trustees, or any

nine or more of them, at any such General Quarterly Meetings, from Time to Time, as Occasion may

require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regula-

tions, or any of them, as to them shall, from Time to Time, seem proper and expedient, and to fix

and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties (not exceeding five Pounds upon one Person for any one Of-

fence) for the Non-observance, Non-performance, or other Breach of all or any of the said respective

Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, or Regulations; and all such pecuniary Penalties shall and may be recovered

by such Ways and Means as are herein after directed for Recovery of any pecuniary Penalties in-!

flidled by this Act: Provided always, That none of the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, or Re-

gulations, herein before authorised to be made, be repugnant to the Laws, Statutes, or Customs, of thi»;

Realm, nor prejudicial or derogatory to any Right, Authority, or Jurisdiction, belonging to the Office

of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall

cause the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, to be printed either together or fe-

parately, as they shall think most proper, and to be hung up in some conspicuous Place at the Custom-

house for the said Port of Chester, and in the Custom house or Dock-office in Liverpool^ and shall alficK

cause Lifts of the Pilots and of the Towers or Trackers, who shall from Time to Time be respectively

licensed as aforesaid, to be printed and hung up in some conspicuous Place at the Custom house in the said'

Port of Chester, and to pay the Expences attending the fame out of any Money arising by virtue of

this Act. '

4 LVII. And, in order to prevent the setting or placing of Stake-nets, Ports, orother Obstrudtions, in

4 or across the Channels, and upon the.Banks and Shoals within the said Port of Chejier/ be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of

January one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, fix or place any Stake-nets, in, over, or across,

any of the Channels within the said Port of Chester, or in or upon the Banks and Shoals in the fame Port,

or fix or set any Post or other Obstrudtion to the Navigation within the said Port of Chester, to the Prejudice

of Ships, Boats, or Vessels, navigating to or from the said City of Chejier\ and being convidied thereof

before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or City where the Offence shall be

committed, upon the Oath of one or more Witnesses, such Person so offending shall forfeit anJ pay the.

Sfom of ten Pounds. )

4 LVIII. And, in order to prevent Matters of Ships and other Persons discharging and throwing over—

4* board Gravel, Ballast, or other Rubbish, below or within the Limits of High-water Mark within the

4 Port of Chester,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whom-

soever shall discharge or cast out of any Ship or Vessel, being within the Port of Chester, any Gravel,

Ballast, or Rubbish, (except only on the Land where Tide never flows) every such Person so offending

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, after defraying all Expences* which shall1

have been incurred by reason or on account of applying for, obtaining, and parting, this present Act of

Parliament,.

The Clerk may

appoint cxrrao —

dinary Tower*,

in Cafes of E-

mergency*.

Trustees may

make Bye-lawsyj

and alter or re*-'

peal the fame*.

Bye-Uwt, Mti.

to be printed*

Penalty on

placing Stake*

nets across the

Channels, Sec.

in the Port of:

Chester,

Penalty on dis-

charging BaJiaifc

within H gh-

wacer Mark.

Application of?

the Overplus-.,

mouey.

