420

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal

to the Quarter

Sdfioai.

Orders net to bt

quashed for want

of form.

How Offenders

may be proceed-

ed againtf r

Ho Writings td-

be chargeable

with Stamp*

totj.

Quorum of

Conmiifiaiieit*

Cimmissioners

acting not being

qualified to pay

50 U

One Moiety to

the Profc uror,

and the other

for the Works,

How Notice of

Meetings is to

be given*

Form of Con-

vision.

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775,

shall be paid into the Hahds of the Treasurer or Treassurers to the Commissioners, and applied for the Pur-

poses of this Act.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or

Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, on account of any Offence committed, or supposed to

he committed, against this Act, or any Penalty to be levied by virtue thereof, may appeal to the Justices

of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, or County of Huntingdon, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace to be held for the said Isle or County after the Cause of such Appeal shall happen; the Person or

Persons so appealing first entering into Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of

the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and pay the Costs which shall be afeer-

tained by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgment shall

be affirmed; and the said Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required

to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to either Party, as they shall think reasonable,

and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and concltifive to

all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejbminster, or elsewhere:

CIII. And be it further erfafted. That no Order or other Proceeding to be made or had, by or before

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, Avail be quaffied or va-

cated for want of Form only.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for the

said first District, or any five or more of the said Commissioners for the said other Districts, instead of le-

vying the several Rates and Assessments, and Penalties, by this Act particularly imposed, and proceeding

against the Offender or Offenders in the furnmary Manner herein before provided, or in any Cafe where

no Penalty is particularly imposed, or Method of Proceeding is herein-before particularly directed to be

pursued for any Offence against this* Act, may, at their Election, prefer, and prosecute with Effect, a

Bill or Bills of Indictment against such Offender or Offenders, or may bring an Action or Actions in the

Names of any two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Nomination, Appointment, Mortgage, Alignment,

or other Security for borrowing Money, Contract, Agreement, Information, Conviction, Judgment,

Warrant, or other Writing, under the Hand or Hands, Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Com-

mittioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, in purfu-

ance of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Juf-

tice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Transfer of any Mortgage or Security, nor any Bond taken fwm

any Officer, or his Sureties, in pursuance of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, nor any other

Writing whatsoever concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-

duty.

CVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities by

this Act granted to the Commissioners for the several Districts for embanking and draining respectively,

shall and may. in all Cafes where no particular Quorum or Number is appointed by this Act, be exe-

cuted by any three or more of the Commissioners for the first District for draining, and by any five or more

of the Commissioners for the said Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, or for the said second, third,

fourth, and fifth Districts for draining respectively, who shall and may, in all Cafes where no particular

Quorum or Number is herein appointed, execute all the Powers and Authorities of this Act in relation

to such Districts respectively.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being qualified as is in this Act directed, shall

presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such*

Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint*

or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Efloin, PrOteftion,

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove

that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other

Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the

Execution of this Act: One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other

Moiety thereof shall he applied towards carrying on the Works within the District wherein such Person

shall have acted as a Commissioner not being qualified as is in this Act directed.

, CVITI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Meeting or Meetings

of the Commissioners for any of the said respective Districts for embanking or draining shall be held by

virtue of this Act, whereof no Notice is herein-before particularly directed to be given, the said Com-

missioners for such respective Districts shall, and they are hereby required to give three Days Notice in

Writing, signed by any three or more of them respectively, of the Time and Place for holding such Meet-

ing or Meetings, in such and the same Manner as other Notices of Meetings for such respective Dif-

trifts are herein-before directed or required to be given.

c CIX. And, for the more cafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,’ be it further en-

acted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be

' convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the fol-

lowing Form of Words, as the Cafe shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect:

County of C« jp E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of

( 4 D his Majesty’s Reign, A. B. convicted before of his Majesty’s Justices of the

4 Peare for the County of by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

4 his My jetty King George the Third, For draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Ground>*, ani

Common^

^.000 le

