10 C. 7i Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D..1774..,

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament, out

of or for which any other Person before assessed toward Payment of any Rate made in pursuance of this

Act shall be removed, and such Rate shall not be paid and discharged, that then every Person so coming

into or occupying the fame Premises {hall be liable to pay such Rate, in proportion to the Timfe that such

Person shall occupy the fame, in the same Manner as if such Person so coming in or occupying had been-

originally rated or assessed in such Rate or Assessment; and which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall

be ascertained by any five or more of the said Commissioners, at their then next Meeting after Demand

made thereof.

Certain Street*, XXII. And whereas there are several Streets, Lanes, and Places, in the said Town of Cardiff^ and Liber-

untinnhabi- tics thereof» that is to say, the Streets and Lanes extending from the Gaol to the Moor Gate, as also from

tantiareof AbU the Workhouse to the Moor Gate, as also the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, which are to the South

lit/, of the Church of Saint John the Baptist, and the Workhouse and Gaol aforesaid; as also from the little.

Stone Bridge to the Great Bridge; as also from the Blind Lane to the Long Cross, and the Streets,

Lanes, and Places, lying and being to the East of the said Blind Lane, and to the North of the North

Gate of the said.Town, the Inhabitants whereof are either Unable to, defray the Expences of neur

paving, cleansing, and lighting the fame, under the Regulations of this Act, arid are desirous at present

4 to defer the new paving, cleansing* and lighting the fame be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be

lawful for the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution to order or direct any of the said

Streets, Lanes, or Places, to be new paved or repaired, cleansed or lighted, nor shall any Rate or Afieff-

ment be made on any of the Inhabitants thereof, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of paving, repair*

ing, cleansing, or lighting, any Part of the Streets, Lanes, or Places aforesaid.

ProTifo. XXill. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time hereafter/the. Proprietors or Owners and Inhabi-

tants of any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places, which are exempted from being new paved, lighted* and

cleansed, as aforesaid, shall become of Ability, and are desirous to pave, repair, light, and cleanse the fame,

and the major Part, in Number and Value, as well of the Proprietors of Estates as of the Inhabitants

living within the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, shall petition the Commissioners for executing this Act to

pave, repair* cleanse, and light, any particular Streets, Lanes, or Places, which are so exempted; then*

and from thenceforth, such particular Streets, Lanes, or Places, shall be subject to be paved, repaired*

lighted, and cleansed, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the several Streets and Lanes

which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners can or may be paved and repaired j and that, in

the mean Time, and until such Petition shall be so made* the Occupiers and Inhabitants of the said Streets*

Lanes, or Places, shall repair and cleanse the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, in the same Manner as

they usually did, and were obliged to do before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

Money maybe XXIV. 4 And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may be forthwith raised to defray the Expences

borrowed, and of making the said Gutters and Sewers, and repairing, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and

charged on the « Lanes, within the said Town and Liberties thereof, and defraying the Expences attending the procuring

Rate* 4 and passing of this Act, and other Incidents, in respect to the Execution thereof / be it further enacted*

That it shall and may be lawful for the.said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to

Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in th.eWhole?

the Sum of five hundred Pounds, at Interest, and to assign over by Writing, finned by any five or more of

the said Commissioners, all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments, as a Security for the Repayment

of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; and all such Securities may from Time to

Time be assigned and transferred in Manner herein-after directed; and such Alignments and Transfers

k shall intitle the Person to whom the fame shall be made to all principal Money, and all Interest due, and

to grow due, upon such Securities: Provided always, That no more than the Sum of five hundred Pounds

shall be due and owing at any one Time on the Credit of the said Rates and1 Assessments.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That;all Securities for any Money to be borrowed as aforesaid* shall

be in the Words following, or Words to the following Effect:

Form of Stco- c T)Y virtue of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

rily* 4 X) 44 For better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and publick Pillages, in the Town

44 of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisance*

14 and Annoyances therein We of the Commissioners, do assign to A. B. hi*

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in confide ration of the Sum of . , , from

4 this # Day of » ! ,! in the Year of our Lord, ,

4 until the said Sum of # ,* 7 , with? Interest, at the Rate,of per Cental

4 per Annum, shall be repaid, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments to be rated or assessed by virtuq

4 of the said Act, as the said Sum of ‘ , shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the

4 Credit of the fame/; ,. .

Coplciof Sccu- And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the

ritjps to be cn- Clerk of the said Commissioners; but no Money shall be borrowed aftpr the first Meeting, unless Notice

uredioBookt. for that Purpefe be given in Writing; to be affixed upon the Church Poor of the said Town, at le^ft

fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; *mj all and every Person and Persons* to whom any such

Security or Securities shall be made as aforesaid, or \v)ro shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured,

may, from Time to Time, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,

assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, of the Principal and Interest thereby

secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by the following Words of Alignment to be indorsed on

thf

1

1

