A.D. 1776* Anno declmo sexto Georgii IIL 0.59,60. 61$

Act, arising in the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rocheficr, shall be to the

General or Quarter Sessions of the said City of Rochester, and shall be finally determined at such General

or Quarter Sessions; any Thing in this Act, or in the said recited Act, contained to the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Public t Cl

Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as

such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Portsm^nth^ in the County of Southampton ; and for ex-

plaining and amending an Act, passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better

paving and cleansing the Streets and other public PafT.ges in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances*

and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious.

CAP, LX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and

other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and

for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to

such Part of a Lane, called Hog-lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton-Falgate, in the

* said County.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places in the Parish of

Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein. Power

was given to the Commissioners therein named, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, from

Time to Time, to cause, order, and direct the Streets, called Holywell-fir eety Church-end, and Part of

Kingfiand-road, and a Lane, called Hog-lancy and another Lane, called Holywell-lane, in the said Parish

of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to be paved, repaired, raised, funk, or altered, when and in such Manner

as they should think fit: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said Act,

have caused the greatest Part of the said Streets and Places to be paved, but find that the Money au-

thorised to be borrowed by the said Act is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereby intended

And whereas a small Part of the said Lane, called Hog-lane, being within the Liberty of Norton-Frigate,

in the said County of Middlesex, and not within the said Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, Doubts

have arisen whether the said Act impowers the said Commissioners to pave such Part of the said Lane as

lies within the said Liberty of Norton- Falgate, for which Reason the said Lane has not yet been paved:

And the said Act has, in several other Respects, been found ineffectual :* May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commis-

sioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said former Act, or any nine or more of them, to borrow and

raise, by the granting of one or more Annuity or Annuities, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

four thousand rounds, over and above the Sums authorised to be borrowed by the said former Act, which

they the said Commissioners shall think necessary for the Purposes of the said former Act, and this Act.

II. Provided always, That none of the said Annuities shall exceed the Rate of nine Pounds per Annum

for every hundred Pounds; and that the Whole of the Annuities to be granted in pursuance of the said

former Act; or this Act, shall not at any one Time exceed the Sum of one thousand two hundred and

sixty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to

contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, or

into the Hands of any Person by them appointed to receive the same, for the Purposes in the said former

Act and this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money (not exceeding the said Sum of four thousand

Pounds) for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during

the Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Purchaser respectively, or the natural Life of such

other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by, or on the Behalf of, such Contributor or Purchaser re-

spectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money : And every such

Contributor or Purchaser shall have the fame Security, Powers, and Authorities, for the Annuity or An-

nuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, as are given or granted to the Purchaser or Purchasers of

any Annuity or Annuities by the said former Act.

lV. And be it further enacted. That all the Monies to be raised as aforesaid shall be, and the fame are

hereby vested in the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said former Act and this Act..

V. And be it further enacted, Thit the Whole of the said Lane, called Hog-lane, shall, and the fame

}s hereby declared to be under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the

said former Act, for the Purposes in the said former Act and this Act mentioned: And the said Commis-

sioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to

Time, to cause. order, and direct the Whole of the said Lane, as well that Part thereof which lies within

the said Liberty of Norton-Falgate, as that Part which lies within the said Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-

ditch, to be paved, repaired, raised, funk, or altered, when and in such Manner as they shall think fir;

1 and

Preamble.

Act 8 Geo. Ill;

c. 33.. recited..

CommiHi'inert

impowered to

borrow the fur--

ther Sum of

4030 1..

Proviso..

Annuitiei may-

be purchased of’

Com mi Hi one n.

Potchafe-mo--

ries vet'rd in th«

Commissioners.

The WhcJe of

Hog-)jue p*t

under the Power

of the Lumnui-

fionus.

