The TITLES of the STATUTES.

for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Hert-

Jordy to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

47. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of

divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Row-

Jbam, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of

Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benja-

min Holloway Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee\

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable Sir John Shel-

ley Baronet, and the Trustees named in the Settlement

on his Marriage with Dame Wilhelmina Shelley deceased,

his late Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the

County of Sussex, coroprifed in such Settlement, in Ex-

change for* or in lieu of, other Estates belonging to the

said Sir John Shelley, in the same County.

49. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Par-

tition and Division, made by and between Sir James

Penny man Baronet, Charles Anderjon Pelham Esquire,

and Michael Newton Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Fork, Lincoln,

and Middlesex and City of London, late the Estates of

Sir Michael Warton Knight, deceased ; and for settling

and limiting the entire and specific Parts and Shares,

which, upon the said Partition and Division, have been

allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein

mentioned.

fO. An Act for vesting a Freehold Estate, late of Eliah

Harvey Esquire, deceased, called Buckhouse, otherwise

Munckham, situate in the Parishes of Woodford and Chig-

tveil, in the County of Effexy in Trustees, and their

Heirs, in Trust, to sell and convey the fame as therein

mentioned ; and for applying the Money arising by Sale

thereof for the Benent of Edward Harvey, an Infant,

his only Son, and Heir at Law; and for the other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

51. An Act tp enable Peter Legh Esquire, and the Reve-

rend Ashburnham Legh Clerk, to grant Building and Im-

proving Leases of Part of their settled Estates, within

the Counties of Lancaster and Chester.

52. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and

Middlesex, Part of the settled Estates of Meliora Diccon-

sony the Wife of William Dicconfon Esquire, in Truf-

tees, to be sold ; and for inverting the Money arising by

such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be settled to the same Uses.

53. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Ca-

thedra] Church of Worcefiery and Rowland Berkeley

Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of certain

Lands and Tithes, in the Parish of Cotheridge9 in the

County of Worcester.

34. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Elizabeth Smarty an

Infant, in the Counties of Durham and Northumber-

land,.

55. An Act to subject and charge the Prebend Manor of

Mych Miltony in the County of Oxfordy and the Lands,

, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging,

with the Payment of two several perpetual yearly Rent

Charges, or annual Payments, to the Reverend John

Wheel lony and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Pre-

bend of Mych Milton aforesaid ; and for diverting the

Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his

Successors, and for vesting the fame, so charged, in the

Reverend Charles Sturgesy his Heirs and Assigns.

56. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of

Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate

of Ednamy in the County of Roxburghy formerly be-

longing to James Dickson Esquire, deceased, and now to

Captain William Dickjotiy as shall be sufficient for Pity*

ment of the Debts afteding the fame.

57. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Wil-

liam Peacocke Esquire, and Emma his Wife, in the Parish

of Llanedwarty in the County of Anglefeay in the said

William Peacockiy in Fee Simple, and for settling an

Estate of the said William Peacocke, in the Parish of Per>~

mynyddy in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu

thereof.

98. An Act for veftingthe Fee Simple and Inheritance of

the Estates late of Robert Doyne Esquire, deceased, in

Trustees, in Trust, to sell and dispose of so much there-

of as may be sufficient to pay oft and discharge all the

Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances aftedrog the

said Estates; and for the other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

59. An Act for vesting the Estates of Edmund Bull Esquire,

in the County of Hertford, and City of Londony in

Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and In-

cumbrances ; and other Purposes therein expressed.

6o« An Act for vesting in the Reverend William Peacock

and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands,

and the Tithes, of the Parish of Daiby Wijke, and Gaf~

f rton otherwise Yafferton, in the Coanty of York 5 and

for settling certain Freehold Estates of the said William

Peacock in him and his Succellbrs, Redors of the said

Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

61. An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, in the

Counties of Berks and Wilts, devised by the Will of

William Pitt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be set-

tled, in lieu thereof, to such of the Uses limited or de-

vised by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of

taking Efted.

62. An Act to enable Mordecai Greene Esquire, and Mary

his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement made

for and on the Behalf of Alice Bland Widow, deceased,

with Ralph Milner; and also to grant Building and Re-

pairing Leases of such Parts of the Estates of the said

Alice Bland, as lie in or near the Town of Manchester,

and also Leases for twenty-one Years, of other the E-

states late of the said Alice Bland.

63. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estates,.

entailed by the Will of William Lock Esquire, deceased,

inTrufteis, to be sold; and for purchasing other E-

states, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the An-

nuities and other Charges thereon; and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

64. An Act for vesting the settled Estates devised by the

Will of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale

in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, to be settled to the like Uses.

65. An Act for vesting certain Parts of divers Messuages,

Wharfs, and Hereditaments, callMountague Chfey in

the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell the

fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act for vesting the several Estates of the late Samuel

Heming Esquire, lituate in Jamaica, in Trustees, in

Trust, to sell the same, for the Payment of the Incum-

brances thereon, and of his Debts; and for other Pur-

* poses.

67. An Act for inclosing and improving several Grounds,

in the Parish of Sledmirey in the East Riding of the

County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in

the Parish of Hicklingy in the County of Nottingham.

69. Aa

