A.D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 13.

35

Annual Rent!

how recover-

able.

Rate of Tcai

nage.

Person or Persons sustaining such Damage, are hereby authorised and required to issue their Warrant or

Warrants, under *heir Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of York, authorising and'impow-

cring such Sheriff to levy and raise the Damages, so determined and assessed, by Distress and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, together with such reasonable

Charges as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, in such Warrant, direct and

appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed upon,

Cr settled and ascertained as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable on the Rates or Dues arising by virtue

of this Act, and {hall be paid by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or A feigns, as the fame shall become

due and payable: And in case of Nonpayment thereof within twenty Days next after the fame (lull become

due, and a Demand thereof made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby autho-

rised and required, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to

receive one Moiety of the said Rates or Dues, and to pay the fame to such Person or Persons to whom such

yearly Rents or Sums {hall be due and unpaid, as aforesaid, until such yearly Rents or Sums, with the Coffs

and Charges of recovering and receiving the fame, {hall be fully satisfied and paid; orotherwilc the said

yearly Rents or Sums may be sued for and recovered, with Coffs, by Action of Debt, in any of his Ma-

iefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster ; or, at the Election of the Parties intitled thereto respectively, may

be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Sir John Ramflen% his Heirs or

Assigns, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cafes of Distress for Rent; but so, neverthelds, that the

Goods and Chattels of no other Person or Persons than the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, be

seized or detained by virtue of the Powers hereby given.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, in consideration of the Expences of making and maintaining the

said Canal, and of carrying this Act Into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir John

Ramsden^ his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, toafk, demand, recover,

and to take, to and for his and their own proper Use and Behoof, for Tonnage, for all Goods, Wares,

Merchandise, Commodities, or other Things whatsoever, which {hall be navigated, carried, or conveyed,

upon or along the said Canal, such Rates and Dues (over and above what {hall or may be paid for the

Freight or Carriage thereof) as the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, {hall think fit, not exceed-

ing the Rates and Dues following ; (that is to say) for every Ton of Stones, .Slates, Flaggs, Lime, Lime-

stones, or Coals, the Sum of Eight-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Weight than a Ton;

and for every Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandise, Commodities, or Things whatsoever, not herein-

before enumerated, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less

Weight than a Ton 5 and for every Ton of Stones, Slates, Flaggs, Lime, or Lime-stones, Coals, Goods,

Wares, Merchandise, Commodities, and other Things whatsoever, or any of them, which {hall be navi*

gated, carried, or conveyed, upon the said Canal, for any less Distance than the whole Length thereof,

such Proportion of the said Rates or Dues as shall be equal to such Distance, or as near the fame as conve-

niently may be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir John Ramsden, his

Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, to reduce and lower the Rates and Dues aforesaid ; and after-

wards, from Time to Time, to raise and advance the fame again to any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding the Rates or Dues herein-before granted ; but no such Reduction or Advancement {hall at any

Time be confined to any particular Part of the said Canal, or to any particular Thing to be carried or con-

veyed as aforesaid ; but the said Rates or Dues {hall always extend to, and be equal upon, the whole Length

€>f the said Cana], at the fame Time : And the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, {hall cause a

Table of the Rates or Dues which shall, from Time to Time, be demanded and taken upon the said Canal,

to be fixed up in the publick Market-house of the said Town of Huddersfield, to the End that all Persons

concerned may know what Rates and Dues are to be paid for navigating upon the said Canal.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Dues herein-before granted, or which stir.ll be re- DVeaion* how

duced or raised again, as aforesaid, {hall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Place and Places, R,r*s /hail be

Hear the said Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs recovered,

and Assigns, {hall order, direct, and appoint: And in case any Person or Persons {hall neglect or refuse to

pay the fame, or any Part thereof, on Demand, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the said Sir John

Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, {hall and may sue for and recover the fame with full Costs, by Action of

Debt, or on the Cafe, in any Court of Record ; or the Person or Persons to whom the said Rates or Dues

Ought to be paid as aforesaid, may, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to seize and detain any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, or any Boat, Barge, or Vessel, for which such Rates or Dues ought to be

paid ; and in case such Rates or Dues shall not be paid within the Space of five Days next afier any such

Seizure made, it {hall and may be lawful for the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Col-

lector or Collectors of the said Rates or Dues, to fell such Goods, Wares, Merchandise, Boats, Barges, or

Vessels* rendering the Overplus arising by such Sale (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after the

said Rates or Dues, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure, Detention, and Sale, shall be deducted,

satisfied, and paid.

* XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no Rates or Dues {hall be due, paid, or de- Soaper’s Waffe,

fnanded, for any Soaper’s Waste, Dung, or any Sort of Manure, for the Use only of the Lands through Dun;, See. ex.

Which the said Can?l shall be cut, or within one Mile of the said Canal (except Lime and Lime-stones), empu-dtrom

for being carried upon the said Canal, or any Part thereof; so that the Things hereby exempted from the Ratct*

Payment of such Rates and Dues do not pass through any Lock but at the Time when the Water'shall

flow over the Dam called Shore Foot Dam; and that no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, making use of the

said Navigation, {hall be charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Dues aforesaid, unless such

Boat, Barge, or other Vefiel, shall pass through some Lock* but all such Persons who {hall own, or

* - Fa be

Rate! may be

lowered and

raised ag?in.

