Scotland, 1633

and O93. so far

at they rcfoeA

the Clan Gre

gour, arc kjr rbi>

Act r pealed.

The Act of the

Parliament of

Scotland, April

*6, 1661, here-

by revived, and

in full Force.

Preamble.

Act 14 Geo. Ill#

recited.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.C. jo, 31.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, the

said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, of the twenty-eighth Day of June one thousand six hundred and

thirty-three, and the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, of the fifteenth Day of June one thousand fix

hundred and ninety-three, so far as respects the Clan Gregour, or Mac Gregour, shall be and stand re-

pealed, refeinded, annulled, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And it is hereby further enabled, That the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made the twenty-

sixth Day of April one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, be and the fame is hereby revived, and declared

to be in full Force and Vigour in Time coming.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or stamp the Weights to be made use

of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act made

in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Office.

4 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

* y V tuled, An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and

4 Silver Coin of this Kingdom, it is enacted, That exact Duplicates or Copies of the several Standard Weights

4 therein mentioned shall be delivered to and lodged in the Custody of an Officer, to be from Time to

4 Time appointed for that Purpose, with a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum of two hundred and fifty

4 Pounds; and that, from and after the Day therein mentioned, all Weights to be made use of for we’gh-

4 ing the said Gold and Silver Coin shall be ascertained by the said Duplicates or Copies; and after having

4 been tried and compared therewith, and found to be just and true, {hall, in Testimony thereof, be marked

4 by the said Officer with a Stamp or Mark, which the said Officer is thereby directed to provide; and is

4 also required, upon Application made to him, at all feasonable Hours, to stamp or mark, in Manner

4 therein mentioned, all Weights to be used for weighing the said Gold and Silver Coin which should be

4 brought to him for that Purpose, and which he should find to be just and true, according to the said

4 Duplicates or Copies of the Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and

4 Multiples thereof respectively, by the said Act directed to be lodged in his Custody, without Fee or Re-

4 ward, and without wilful Delay: And whereas the Officer appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, in pur-

4 fuance of the said Act, hath hitherto duly executed the fame, but is unable by himself to give that Dif-

4 patch therein which the present Demands of the Publick require; and it would greatly tend to the

4 speedy carrying the Intention of the said Act into Execution, if the said Officer were permitted to take

4 a small Fee for the (tamping or marking the said Weights, towards reimbursing him the necessary Ex-

4 pence of procuring an extraordinary Number of Assistants adequate to the said Demands, which, as the

4 Law now (lands, he is not allowed to doMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for John

Whitehurst, the present Officer, and every other Officer to be from Time to Time appointed for therur-

pose aforesaid, in pursuance of the said Act, and he and they are hereby-respectively authorised and im-

powered, toafk, demand, and receive, of and from all and every Person and Persons bringing Weights to

the said Office, to be stamped or marked in pursuance of the said Act, any Sum of Money not exceeding

one Penny for every twelve Weights so damped or marked before he delivers the fame; any Thing in the

laid recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and

the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors,

and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing t

Seafoiu

\ i

€ \XT HE REAS the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain and of the British' Prcimll:,

4 VV Dominions in Europe have been found to be the belt Nurseries for able and experienced Seamen,

4 always ready to man the Royal Navy when Occasions require; and it is therefore of the highest national

4 Importance to give all due Encouragement to the said Fisheries, and to endeavour to secure the annual

4 Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed therein, to the Ports of Great Britain, and of

4 his Majesty’s Dominions before mentioned, at the End of every Fishing SeafonNow, in order to

promote these great and important Purposes, and with a View, in the first place, to induce his Majesty’s

oubjefts to proceed early from the Ports of Great Britain to the Banks of Newfoundland, and thereby to 1

prosecute the Fishery on the said Banks to the greatest Advantage, may it please your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six, the respective Bounties herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed annually, for eleven

Years, for a certain Number of Ships or Vessels employed in the British Fishery on the Banks of New-

foundland, under the Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed ; that is to say. Such Vessels shall

appear by their Register tq be British built, and owned .by his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain

Q.q a or

299

J. Whiteharft

im powered to

take x d. for

every twelve

Weight* stamp*

ed.

After Jan. T,

1776, Bountie*

to be given to

Vessels fitted oat

from Greet Bri-

tain or Ireland

for the New-

foundland FiA-

