I

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

County of Middlesex, together with a Capital Messuage

built on Part thereof, devised by the Will of Sir John

Hales Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to

assign the fame to Henry Herbert Esquire, pursuant to

an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the

Consideration-money in such Manner as in the Act is

mentioned.

14. An Act to subject and charge the Prebend of Marston

Saint Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto be-

longing, to and with the Payment of two several per-

petual yearly Rent Charges to Doctor Everard Buck-

worth, and his Successors in the said Prebend ; and for

diverting the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof out of

him and his Successors, and for vesting the fame, so

charged, in John Blencowe Esquire, his Heirs and Af-

signs.

15- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste

Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Wi~

tham, in the County of Lincoln.

16. An Act for exchanging certain Lands, in the Parish

and Liberties of Spaldwicke with Upthrote, for other

Lands, in the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of

Huntingdon, in the Manner, and for the Purposes there-

in mentioned.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Com-

monable Lands, within the Townships of Ajlerby and

Goulceby, in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and also a certain Parcel or Trad! of Com-

mon and Waste Land called The Link, and other Com-

mon and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of

Leigh, other wise Ley, in the County of lVorcester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Duflon, in the County

of Northampton•

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable

Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

within the Parish of Liddington and Hamlet of Med-

bourn, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of

Wilts.

2i» An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Ham-

let, Precincts, or Liberties of Blackthorn, in the Parish

of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, in the rarish of Dejfborough, in the County

of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish

of Raithby, near Spilfby, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rujhion

Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Staf'-

ford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, wichin

the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michael's,

otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington

End, in the County of Nottingham.

26 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons,

and.Waste Giounds, within the Parish of Odel, in the

County of Bedford.

zj. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

lying within the Parish and Liberties of IVarmington, in

the County of Warwick.

28 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or

Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the

Parish of Eljlrec, otherwise Idlejlree, in the County of

Hertford.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the-Pa-

rish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to

indofe the Heath Lands, Field Lands, and Low Com-

mons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, in the

County of Lincoln ; and for vesting the Glebe Lands,

Vicarial Tithes, and Right of Common, belonging to

the Vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Ho-

bart, and lor making a Compensation to the Vicar of the

said Parish in lieu thereof.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pa-

rish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the

Parishes of Ashover, Crick, and Southvjinfcld, in the

County of Derby.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwood Hay and

Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands

and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood

Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of KingJ'win-

ford, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right

of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common

or Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish of Clewer, in

the County of Berks; and for vesting the fame in his

Royal fiighnefs the Duke of Gloucester, his Heirs and

Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Com-

monable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Pa-

rish of Dorfington, in the County of Gloucester.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or

Waste Grounds, within the Vill, Hamlet, or Township

of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and

County of Lancaster.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

lying within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the

County of Oxford.

38. An Act to enable Francis Fcrrand Aloore Esquire, now

called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to

take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, pur-

suant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas FoU

jambe, Esquires, deceased.

39. An Act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and

his Blue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

Frith only, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith Ef-

quire, deceased.

40. An Act for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff and

John Adam Hccker.

41. An Act for naturalizing John Liardet.

42. An Act for naturaliz ng Lnvis Fialletes Bajlide.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Hoffman.

44. An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the set-

tleJ Estates of Sir James Ibbetfon Bironet, in Trustees,

to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arile

by such Sale, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for impowering Richard Hoare Esquire, the

surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary Arnold,

his -

C.

