A. JX 74. Aflno decimo quarto Georgii lit. C. 12.

and the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied, and all Debts contracted on account of carrying the

Powers of this Act into Execution, be paid, the said Rates or Assessments shall cease, and the said Tews *nd the Pew* u

or Seats in the said intended Church shall, from thenceforth, at all Times afterwards, be let or disposed and dir*

df, fubjcd to the Conttads then existiftgwith respect thereto (if any), by the Inhabitants of the said

Tarish, in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them then present; and that the Money from thence-

forth to arise from the letting or disposing of the said PeWs, and also such Sum or Sums of Money, re-

ceived under this Act, from the Rents of the said Pews or Seats, and -the said Rates or Assessments, iand

otherwise, as shall remain unapplied after the Purposes of this Act shall be satisfied, shall be applied, sub-

i’ed to such yearly Payment of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings thereout to the Rector of the said

’arish, and his Successors, as aforesaid, for the Benefit of the Parishioners of the said Parish, in such Man-

ner as they in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them then present, shall think fir.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Charge* of thfr

pepces, of patting of this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, Act how to b«

paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies arising by virtue thereof, or from such voluntary Contribu- Po-

tions as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, writing* to be

Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Secu- without Stamp*,

rity, for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Distress shall be made Difcef* not tot*

for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor

unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of -,he mik*

any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distrain- xitfMffcr

ing be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards sbiwitio* 9

be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may

recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe. Provided always. That no Tender of A-

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Actions, for any such Irregularity, Trespafs, or other mend* may be

Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who ®ad*for

shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespafs, or other wrongful TteB*f9>&*

Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and

may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such

Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or

they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, and Money paid

in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. intoCourt.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Proceedings to be had touch- Proceeding* not

ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter to berthed for

Or Thing to be done or transaded in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed want of Form,

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his . c

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstandine. 7

XXaVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Action or Suit shall be com- Noricetobe

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one iivcn«f.briD§*

Days Notice shall be thereof given, in Writing, to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or after sufficient Satis-

faction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Months next

after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and Limitation of

every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and Actionl»

Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant

and Defendants, in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this General Iflbf*

Ad, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and

that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been

so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof

given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid ; or if any such Action

or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in’

any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a

Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or

Actions, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the

Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy Treble Co6#»

for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any

other Cafes by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be taken and allowed Publick Act*

in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, arc hereby required to

lake Notice thereof as fuchr without the fame being specially pleaded.

C A

