522

Elfltions to be

annual.

A Majority of

Committee-men

to belong to the

Theatre.

'Public Act.

Preamble.

Ad 6 Geo. II).

recited.

AftfioGeo.HJ.

and 1$ Geo. JUt

retard.

Company of

Proprietors im-

pewered to make

a Branch from

the South S de

Harecsfll; to or

Mat Caldoo, dec.

Ci 32. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.' A. D. 1776,

reduced to fix, and the fix Persons whose Names shall so remain shall be fix of the Committee for the en-

suing Year; after which the said major Part of the Committee present shall proceed to elect three other

Persons from amongst the several Subscribers to the said Fund (either such as were, or were not of the

Committee for the preceding Year); and the three Persons so elected, together with the fix Persons whose

Names remained undrawn, as aforesaid, shall be the Committee for putting this Act in Execution for the

Year next ensuing: And the Committee shall also meet together on or before the thirty-first Day of De-

cember in every succeeding Year, and el eft a Committee, in Manner before mentioned : And in case any

one or more of the said Committee hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner aforesaid, shall die, or

refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, the surviving or remaining Committee-men shall and may meet

.together at some convenient Place, in or near the said Theatre, and the major Part of such as shall so at-

tend shall and may cleft a Committee-man in the Room and Stead of each Committee-man so dying

or refusing to act as aforesaid ; and every Committee-man so to be elected, in any or either of the Cafes

aforesaid, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execu-

tion, as the Committee herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That at every annual Election of a Committee for the

Purposes of this Act, a Majority of the Committee-men for the ensuing Year shall coniift of Persons

belonging to or employed at the said Theatre.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public

Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII*

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Afir-

fey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle^

in the County of Stafford, to FrogbalU and a Rail-way from thence to or near Caldony in

the said County ; and to make other Railways.

c tT 7 HERE AS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

4 VV An At1 for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wildcn-ferry, in

4 the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-cap ; certain Persons therein named were

€ united into one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Naviga-

4 tion from the Trent to the Mersey 5 with Power and Authority, at their own Costs and Changes, by the

* Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, a navigable Cut or Canal, pa(T-

4 able for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Trent* below an ancient Ferry called IVUden-

c ferry 1 in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-gap; and several Commissioners

4 were appointed by the said Act to execute the several Powers therein expressed: And whereas the said

4 Company have, in piirfaance of the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign

1 of his said present Majesty, intituled. An Act to amend an Adl^ made in the sixth Year of the Rehn of his

4 present Majesty* 44 for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near IVildenferry,

44 in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-gap 5” and of another Act, passed in the

4 fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled. An At1 to amend and render more effectual

4 two Acts, tafed in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut

4 or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at

4 or near Runcorn-gap; proceeded to make the said Cut or Canal, ana have completed eighty-two Miles

4 thereof, and within that Compass have made the great Tunnel through Harecastle-hill, of the Length of

4 two thousand eight hundred Yards, and also the Tunnel through Pr$on-hill9 of the Length of one thou-

4 sand two hundred and forty-one Yards; and also all the Locks necessary for the said Canal; and are

4 proceeding to complete the Remainder of the said Canal with all possible Expedition: And whereas,

4 from a Survey lately made, it appears, that a Branch may be made from the said Canal, on the South

4 Side 'Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, by Hanley, Norton, and Chedleton, to Frcghall, from whence

4 a Rail-way may be made to or near several Lime-works and Limestone-quarries, at or near Caldon in the

4 said County, whereby the Conveyance of Coals, Lime, Limestone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares,

4 and Merchandises, will be facilitated, and rendered less expensive, and the Utility of the Undertaking,

4 authorised by the said former Acts, will be greatly increased to the Public: And whereas, if Powers

4 were given to make Railways from the said proposed Branch to the several Coal-mines and Limestone-

4 quarries lying near the Course of the said Branch, it would be of Advantage to the Public: And whereas

4 the said Company are willing and desirous to extend, continue, make, and complete, such new-proposed

4 Branch and Railways at their own Expence, in Manner herein-after mentioned, and to do and per-

4 form such Things as shall be necessary for the supporting, maintaining, and rendering the fame effectual :*

May it therefore pleafeyour Majesty that it maybe enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent ^Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ^nd Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament act'embled, and by the Authority of the fame/That the said Company,

their Successors and Assigns, shall be, and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered, from Time to

Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their own proper Costs and Charges, as hereafter mentioned, to

make, complete, and maintain, a navigable Cut or Canal, naflable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels,

from the said Canal so made and completed on the South Side Harecastle in the County of Stafford, by

Hanley, Norton, and Chedleton, to Frogball> and from thence to make, complete, and maintain, a Rail-

way for the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, and other Goods, to or near several Lime-works, and Limestone-

quarries,

