A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georg 11 III. G. 77.' 153

% shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the fame Term9 and Conditions as are herein '■reintitied to

c expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only : 1 And whereas great Numbers of poor Benefit of

4 People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon Processes issuing but of Courts of Con- Vhofcwhoare

* faience;’ it is hereby enacted and declared. That all such Prisoner9 shall be intitled to have the Bene- p,ifofierf upfm

nefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, conform to the Directions Procefsout of

herein-before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act. Court* of Con-

» science, to have

the Benefit of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by this Act an

Oath is.required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, shall and may be acepted and

t&ken in lieu thereof ; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and

false Affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act

upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who took

the Benefit of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third

(intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors)y or of an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors^ and

for indemnifying the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison from Prcjecutions at Law for certain Escapes from

the said Pnjonjy shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to

be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame j any Thing herein-before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

4 LVIII. And whereas Bankrupts who have not obtained their Certificates and Discharge of their

4 Debts, under some one of the Acts relating to Bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the

* Meaning of Acts of Insolvency, as such Bankrupts have no Schedules to deliver up according to the

4 Terms and Conditions of such Acts ; nevertheless, as many Bankrupts are confined in Prison for Debt

4 only, though they have already deliveied up their whole Estates and Effects, or from a Fear of being

4 arrested and thrown into Prison, do abscond from their Homes, and go into Foreign Parts;’ be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons against whom a Commission of Bank-

ruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy- four, who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform him, her, or them-

selves, to the several Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed

to any Prison by a Warrant of the Commissioners, in such Commission named, for Contumacy or Non-

compliance to those Laws, and who now is, or are in Prison for Debt, Damages, Contempt, Costs of

Suit, or any Sum or Sums of Money due and accrued previous to such Commission, or who now are

secreting themselves in fear of their Creditors, and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to Bail, or

shall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, or

taken in Execution in any Suit or Action for any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, shall and may, after the

Kxpiration of thirty Days, apply to any one of the Judges of the Court wherein such Process or Processes

hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to shew cause why such Bank-

rupt or Bankrupts should not be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment or Arrest, as aforesaid,

such Bankrupt or Bankrupts first making Oath before such Judge (or if at a Distance from such Judge,

then before a Justice of the Peace), who is hereby authorised to aaminifter such Oath, that such Debt or

Debts did accrue previous to the issuing such Commission ; and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs not appear-

ing, or not proving that such Bankrupt or Bankrupts hath or have cpncealed any Part of his, her, or

their Estate or Effects, or hath or have not duly conformed him, her, or themselves to the Laws now in

Force against Bankrupts, such Judge shall and may discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Im-

prisonment or Arrest, as aforesaid ; such Bankrupt or Bankrupts causing a common Appearance to be en-

tered for him, her, or them, where necessary, in every such Suit or Action ; and if any such Bankrupt or

Bankrupts shall be afterwards again sued and arrested, or taken in Execution, or imprisoned in any Suit

or Action for such Debt or Debts previous to such Commission as aforesaid, any Judge of the Court

wherein such Process issued shall, upon Summons of the proper Party or Parties, immediately discharge

such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Arrest or Imprisonment j nevertheless such Bankrupt or Bank-

rupts shall, in all other Respects, be deemed subject to the Laws in Force against Bankrupts; and every

Sheriff and Sheriffs, Bailiff and Officer, Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison, is and are hereby required, on

proper Notice being given of such Judge’s Discharge, to release and set free such Bankrupt or Bankrupts

out of his or their Custody, and each and every of them is and arc hereby indemnified from any Action

or Actions that may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them for'any Escape for or on

account thereof.

4 LIX. And whereas many Barkrupts who were included within the Benefit of the late Act of the

€ twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, relating to Bankrupts, have not as yet returned Home, or

€ cannot aft in their several Occupations for the Maintainance of themselves and Families, from some certain

* Circumstances of their Cafe be it enacted, That such Person or Persons against whom a Commission

of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or* before the twenty-fifth Day of March. one thoufuid

seven hundred and seventy-two, and who having in all Tilings conformed themselves to the several Acts

now in Force relating to Bankrupts, by their Surrender and Submission thereto, and who have not been

committed for any Act of Contumacy or Nonconformity, yet who hath not, or have not, gained a toral

Discharge from his, her, or their Creditors of his or their Debis under Inch Commission, shall have Liberty

to petition or apply by Motion of Court to the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Keeper, or LorJa Coinariffion-

Vol. XII. X 01s

Quaker’* Affir-

mation to be

taken in lieu of

an Oath*

Persons who

took the Benefit

of the Act of

9 Geo. 3. ex-

eluded,

This A£V not

to extend to

Scotland.

Clause of Relief

f< r Bankrupt*

who have not

obtained Cerri-

ficates and Dif-

cha:ge of iheir

Debit.

CUofe with re-

spedt to Bank-

rupts inclrctd

in ihe Att

12 Geo. 3.

