3^5

A. D. 1775. Arinodecimo quinto Georgii lit. C. 60.

tion to be made of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, and to call before him the respeflive Owners

and Occupiers thereof, or the Trustees, Tutors, or Curators, or others, having the Charge and Admini-

stration of the Affairs of such Owners and Occupiers, and requiring them, within a limited Time, tp

shew Cause why such Springs or'Fountains (bould not be aliened or granted, or why the said Pipes and

Condudlors should not be laid through their Grounds, and Cifferns built thereon for the Purposes afore-

said ; and that thereupon the said Sheriff* shall proceed to hear the said Parties, and to pronounce Sen-

tence in the said Matter, in such Manner as shall appear to him reasonable and just.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, personiag?ri*Y-

or themselves aggrieved, by the Sentence of the said Sheriff*, that it shall and may be lawful to such Per- ed mayappi/tJ

son or Persons to apply, by Petition, to the Lords of the Council and Session to have such Sentence re*- the Lo/diof Sef-

viewed, altered, or amended ; and the said Lords of Session are hereby impowered and required to pro-

ceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the Course of any Roll.

IX. Provided always, That such Application shall be made to the Lords of Session within fifteen Days, PtorlCo.

to commence and to be computed from the Day on which the Court of Session shall fit after the said Sheriff

shall have pronounced his Sentence as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Trial it shall appear to the said Sheriff- Purchase-money

depute that the Springs, Fountains, and Grounds aforesaid may be so aliened and granted without essen- to be settled by

tial Hurt or Prejudice to the Owners or Occupiers of the fame, and it shall be so found and declared, that Jury*

then, and in such Cafe, for ascertaining the Value or Consideration to be paid for the fame, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Sheriff-depute, and he is hereby impowered and required, after the

elapsing of the said Space in which the Persons who think themselves aggrieved are allowed to apply to

the Court of Session for Redress as aforesaid, or in case of any such Application after a Decree of the said

Lords shall be extracted thereupon, to summon and impannel a competent Number of discreet, substan-

tial, and difinterested Persons, not less than fifteen, and out of such Persons so summoned and returned to

name and appoint a Jury of nine Persons, each of them possessed of an Estate of one hundred Pounds

Scots of valued Rent in the County of Renfrew, to come and appear before him, at such Time and Place

as by his Warrant or Precept shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either Party be

brought before him ; and the said Sheriff-depute shall examine such Witness'es as shall be brought by either

Party in the Course of the said Evidence, upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered

to administer), touching the Value to be paid to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers for the Liberty

of collecting and using the said Springs or Fountains, and for laying Pipes and Conductors through the said

Grounds, and building Cifferns and Reservoirs thereon, and for altering, amending, and repairing the

Cisterns, Reservoirs, and Pipes, in all Time thereafter respectively, as the said Cafe shall be; and that

the Verdict of the said Jury shall be final and conclusive in so far as shall refoedt the Consideration or Pur-

chafe Money to be paid to the Owners and Occupiers of such Springs, Fountains, or Grounds respec-

tively, as aforesaid 5 and that all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the

said Jurymen.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sheriff-depute aforesaid shall, s^er;ffde utc

and he is hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict being given as before mentioned, to pro- to pronounce*

nounce Judgment for the Payment of such Sum or Sums so to be awarded by the said Jury, and to or- Judgment for

dain the Owners or Occupiers and Proprietors of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, or their Truf- Payment of the

tecs. Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit ^chafe-m©.

and suffer the said Springs and Fountains to be collected or received into Cisterns or proper Reservoirs, to ncy' &Cm

be erected by the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall

appoint; and also to permit and allow proper Pipes and other Conductors to be laid for the Conveyance

of the said Water through their respeflive Lands or Grounds, and Cisterns and Reservoirs to be built

thereon ; and the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, and their Officers and Servants, to have

Access and Liberty to make, alter, amend and repair the fame for ever hereafter, in such Manner as the

said Baillies and Trustees, or their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, shall order and di-

red ; and that the Judgment, Decree, or Determination, pronounced by the said Sheriff upon the said which shall be

Verdict or Verdidfr, conformable to the Method above prescribed, shall be binding and conclusive to all panr^J 10*

Indents and Purposes whatever, against the several Proprietors and Occupiers of such Springs, Fountains, arue3’

and Grounds, and the said Baillies and Trustees respectively ; and that the fame, or Extracts thereof from

the Sheriff’s Court Books shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any

Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pipes for conducing the Baillies, &c. to

Water afoiclaid shall interfere wfth Houses built, or to be built, upon the Grounds within the Limits and remove Pipes

Boundaries aforesaid of the said Towns of Port GIoj\ow and Newark, the said Baillies and Trustees, and improperly laid

their Successors, shall be obliged, and are hereby required to remove all such Pipes at the proper Charges al the,r own I*

and Expences of the said Baiilies and Trustees, and their Successors. peme*

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this APt shall continue and be in Continuance of

Force, so far as the fame relates to the purchasing of Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, for the Purposes this Act with re-

aforesaid, for the Space of fifteen Years, to be computed from the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand (pe& to purchaf-

seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and of sPnnB*>

no longer. c*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the Baillies,

said Badlies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, to appoint proper powered to levy

Persons for watching and cleaning the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, and Passages, in and about a Tax of 6d. in

the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, and to appoint ^16*^ and pa

the Streets and Bread of Port Glasgow and Newark^ which are already paved, to be properly repaired; ^easueeta,

5 and

