A.D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

G. 49.

93

London or Welt-

mmfter, See, re-

futing Admit-

tance, to forfeit

their Licence.

Commissionerr

to keep an exact

Account of their

Proceedings.

President of th*‘

College to in-

spect the Regis.

ter in Presence

of the Secretary.

On Application*

to the Commis-

fionert, for In-

formation con-

cerning confined

Personi, the Se-

cretary i> to

make Search.

missioners, upon their Visitation, shall discover any Thing that, in their Opinion, shall deserve Censure

or Animadversion, they shall, in that Cafe, report the fame; and such Part of their Report, and no more,

shall be hung up in the Censors* Room of the College, to be perused and inspedted by any Person who shall

apply for that Purpose.

aVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Keeper of any House or Place for the Reception of Keepers within

Lunaticks, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within (even Miles Distance thereof, or within

the County of Middlesex, shall refuse all or any of the said Commissioners, at the Time of their Visitation,

Admittance into such House or Place as aforesaid, with or without their Secretary, the Matter or Keeper

of such House or Place shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Licence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall,

from Time to Time, cause an exadfc Account to be kept of all their Proceedings; and all such Accounts shall

be entered in the fame Register as the Minutes taken at their Visitations are directed to be entered as afore-

said; and the said Register (hull be lodged in the College of Physicians in a strong Chest or Box, which said

Chert or Box shall be under the Care of the Beadle or House-keeper belonging to the said College, and

shall be carefully locked up, from Time to Time, by the Secretary to the said Commissioners, and the

Key thereof kept by such Secretary; which said Register shall be deemed to belong to the said Commis-

sioners, and the Key of the said Chest or Box shall be delivered over to every succeeding Secretary, when*

ever the former Secretary shall go out of Office, and be kept by such succeeding Secretary in Manner afore-

said, for the Use of the said, Commissioners.

XVIII. Provided always. That the President of the said College shall have Liberty to inspect the said

Register, from Time to Time, as often as he shall think proper, provided such Inspection be made at the

College, and in the Presence of the Secretary to the said Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply to one of the Commissioners, in order to

be informed whether any particular Person or Persons have been confined in any of the said licensed Houses,

and the said Commissioners shall think it reasonable to permit such Inquiry to be made, and shall sign an

OrJer, directed to the Secretary for that Purpose; he, the said Secretary, is hereby required, upon the

Receipt of such Order, to make Search upon his Papers: And if it shall appear, upon such Search, that the

Person or Persons so enquired after have been confined in any of the said Houses, the said Secretary shall

immediately acquaint the Persons so applying with the Name of the Keeper in whose House, and also the

N jmes of those by whose Diieclion and Advice, such Person or Persons have been so confined.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer shall, and is hereby required to pay to each of One Guinea to

the said Commissioners for every Time they shall, in Obedience to this Act, or any Requisition therein be paid, oncack

contained, visit and infpcct any such licensed House or Place, as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, the In, PcC,lion»X(l

Sum of one Guinea; and shall also pay and discharge all such reasonable Expences of the said Commis- fia0nCrC.oin,nlf"

sioners as they shall, from Time to Time, incur in the Execution of this Act; and the said Treasurer is and^xift Ac

hereby required, from Time to Time, to keep an cxadl: and true Account of all Monies by him received coomi to be

and d’fbursed in relation to this Act, and shall enter such Account in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; kept by the

which Book shall be lodged in the Box or Chest where the Register of the Proceedings of the said Com- Treasurer*

m lfioners is directed to be kept, as aforesaid; which Accounts shall be produced to the President of the

said College, when required by the said President and Elects, to be examined and settled by them 5 and if,

upon such Examination, the said Accounts shall appear to be just and reasonable, the fame shall be allowed

and signed by the said President, and at lead four of the Elects, and shall be by the said Prelident reported,

together with the other Accounts, at the next General Meeting of the said College; and the said Account,

being so allowed, signed, and reported, shall be a full Discharge to the said Treasurer for so much Money

as shall in such Account appear to have been disbursed by him, on account of the Execution of this A£h

4 XXI. And, in order that the said CommijJioners may know when any Patient is received into any such Notice to be

4 licensed House or Place, as aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of go«*n, within

every such licensed House or Place within the said Cities of London and Westminster^ and within seven Miles thrcc Pays ah£r

of the fame, and within the said County of Muldlejex, is hereby required, within the Space of three Days p*ntl°ntothe

after any Patient shall be received into any such licensed House or Place (except such pauper Lunaticks as Secretary by tho

shall happen to be sent there by Parish Officers), to cause Notice thereof to be given to the Secretary to the Keeper,

said Commissioners, which Notice shall contain the Name of every such Person received as a Lunatick into

such House of Place, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Person or Persons by whose

Direction such Lunatick was sent to such House or Place, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the

Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, by whose Advice such Directioi\was given; all which Notices shall Notice how t*

be sent sealed up, directed To the Secretary to the Commissioners for licensing Houses for the Reception of Luna- bediicdUd.

ticks, to be left with the Beadle of the College of Physicians in London; all which Notices the said Beadle is

hereby directed to receive, and to deliver to the said Secretary, within two Days after the fame shall come

to his Hands; and the Secretary is hereby required to fiie and preserve all such'Notices, and also to enter,

or cause a Copy or Extract thereof to be entered, in the Register, within two Days after the Receipt of such

Notices; and every Keeper of any such licensed House or Place, who shall admit, harbour, entertain, or Keeper* admin

confine, any Person as a Lunatick, without having an Order, in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of rtns l unatick*

some Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, that such Person is proper to be received into such House or Place *n

as a Lunatick, or shall receive any Lunatick into any such House or Place, having such Order, and shall oreition.

not give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, within the Time, and in the Manner

aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

4 XXII. And, in order that such Houses’or Places for the Reception of Lunaticks as are not situated within Ko more than

the Limks aforesaid may be put under some Regulation/ be it further enacted. T hat no House, which is not one Lunatick to

within the said City of London, or within seven Miles of the fame, or within the said County of Middlesex, he kept in any

shall be kept for the Reception of more than one Lunatick, unless such House or Place shall be licensed by ^except

the

licensed.

