549

A. D. 1776* Anno decimo sexto Gepugu III.

C. 36.

or hereafter shall be concerned in the said Pilchard-fishery within the said Bay of Saint Ives, in proportion

to the Number of Seynes they respectively do or shall employ therein,

i III. And whereas the present Method of Boats holding Turns or Stems upon the said several Stems

* 61 Stations, without any Limitation in Point of Time, is found to be very prejudicial to the said Fishery ;*

be it therefore further enacted, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Jitney which will be in

the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all Stems or Turns, or Times of

Fishing upon the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall commence at the Hour of Twelve at Night,

and be determined or end at the Hour of Twelve in the following Night, unless the Boat or Boats holding

or keeping such Stem or Turn, Stems or Turns, do in the mean time (hoot or cast: out into the Water her

or their Seyne-net or Seyne-nets ; and that each and every Boat that shall take Turn upon, or take Pof-

fession of, any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, in the Manner herein after particularly mentioned,

{hall successively, in the Turn or Order in which they have severally taken their Turns or Stems upon the

said Stations, have the Benefit and Advantage of fishing within the Limits of such Stem or Station, from

the Time the fame Turn or Stem (lull be taken until the Hour of Twelve in the succceding Night, subject

to the Rcftiidlions herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Order and Manner of taking the Turns of Fishing, commonly

called taking Stems upon the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall be as follows; that is to say.

The Boat taking Turn or Stem mud have on Board five Men at the least, a sufficient Seyne net, with

Warp-rope and Tow-rope of the Dimensions herein after specified and particularly mentioned ; and to

intitle any Boat to a Turn or Stem, and rhe Benefit and Advantage thereof, the Warp-rope of the Seyne-

net belonging to such Boat is to be landed at the aforesaid several Stems or Stations within the several

Difiances following ; that is to say, At Garrick Gladden Stem the Warp-rope is to be landed between Gar-

rick Gladden Point and the Limits of the said Stem in Porth Refta Rivsr aforesaid ; at The Poll Stem, The

Leigh Stem, Porthminster Stem, and Pcdn Olver Stem respectively, the Warp-rope may be landed at any

Place within the rdpective Limits of the aforesaid several Stems or Stations herein before described ; and

at Carti Croivze Stem rhe Warp-rope is to be landed at any Place ^within the aforesaid South Corner of

the Church-yard in Saint Ives and a Rock called Merrany northward of the said Church-yard ; and that all

the said Turns or Stems are to be taken by landing such Warp-rope, and not otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Tuck-net, commonly used in tucking or taking up Fish out of

the Seyne-nets, shall intide any Boat to, take or hold a Turn or Stepi upon any of the aforesaid (pc several

Stems or Stations.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid several Turns or Stems, when taken by landing the

Warp rope as aforesaid, shall be registered in Manner following; that is to say, One of the five Men who

shall be in the Boat at the Time such Turn or Stem is taken, or the Hewer for the Seyne or Matter Seyner

in the said Boat, {hall, the same Day on which such Turn or Stem is taken, or before the Hour of Eight in

the Forenoon of the next Day, bring a List or written Account of such Turn or Stem to the Person herein

after appointed to receive the same; in which Lift or written Account shall be inferred and set down the

Name of the Seyne-boat, the Time when, and upon which Stem or Station such Turn or Stem was taken*

and the Names of the five Persons employed in taking such Turn or Stem ; which Lift or written Account

{hall be registered in a Book by the Person or Clerk appointed for thatPurpose.

VIL And be it further enacted. That every Turn or Stem, not registered in the Manner and within the

Time herein before for that Purpose mentioned, shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall register, or cause to be registered, any Boat

or Boats, as having taken any Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems

or Stations, within the Time and in the Manner herein before particularly mentioned, and it shall after-

wards appear, either that such Boat or Boats was or were not intitled to take such Turn or Stem, Turns

or Stems, or that such Boat or Boats did not take such Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, in the Manner*

within the Time, and wirhin the Limits, herein before for that Purpose particularly mentioned and pro-

vided* and in the Lift or written Account of such Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, particularly mentioned

and set down; then, in every such Cafe, on Information being given thereof on Oath, before the Mayor

of the said Borough of Saint Ives for the Time being, or any Justice of Peace of the said Borough of Saint

Ives, and on such Person being convicted of such Offence, either on his own Confession, or by the Oath

of one or more credible Witnds or Witnesses, before any such Justice as aforesaid, the Person guilty and

convitfted of such Offence, and the Owner or Owners of the Boat whose Turn or Stem is fofalfely re-

giftered, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the several Sums herein after mentioned; that is to

Fay, The Owner or Owners of such Boat, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Person guilty of such

Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the (hooting of every Seyne-net or Nets, or calling the fame into

the Water, shall put an End to or determine the Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, of the Boat or Boats out

of which such Seyne-net or Nets shall have been (hot or cast out into the Sea; and that whenever any Boat

Or Boats, holding the first or any other Turn or Stem upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Sta-

tions, {hall have (hot off her or their Seyne-net or Seyne-nets, then all and every other Boat and Boats

upon such Stem or Station shall take their Turns of Fishing thereupon, according to the Order in which

they respectively took their Turns or Stems upon such Stem or Station ; and also that in case any Boat

holding the first or any other Turn or Stem upon any of the fix several Stems or Stations, shall be absent

from such Stem or Station at the Time the Fish begin to appear within the Limits of such Stem or Sta-

tion, then all and every other Boat and Boats, then holding Turn or Stem upon the said Station, shall

take their Turns of Fishing thereupon, according to the Order in which they respectively took their Turns

upon such Station, until such Boat so quitting or being absent from such Station shall return to the fame*

and thereby regain hei Turn or Stem thereupon, which such Boat is hereby authosifed to do*

X. And

Time of con-

tinuing upon the

Stems limited.

The Manner of

taking Stems,

and what in-

titles a Boat

thereto.

No Tuck-net to

intitie a Boat to

take Stem.

Time and Man-

ner of register-

ing the Turns of

Stems.

Stems not re-

giftered to b«

forfeited.

Penalty for ma-

king false R*»

giltcr.

Boats quitting a

Stem, others to

succeed accord-

ing to Order*

Sec,

