A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. . C. 25. 61

secreted and lodged: And if, upon Search, any of the said working Tools, Wool, Yarn, Chain, Woof, ConfUMei may

or Abb, or any Cloth with the Lift, Forrel, or other Marks, taken off, cut, or picked out, shall be found, fe,*c.Tool\&c*

the said Constable or Constables, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, shall seize the fame, and apprehend the p"rro”ng/be

Person or Persons in Whose Custody or Post'ession the fame shall be found, and bring him, her, or them, vhofe Custody

before the fame, or some other of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Liberty, they arc found,

or Place aforesaid; and unless such Person or Persons, in whose Custody the fame shall be found, can give befo[e force

a good Account how he, she, or they, came by the fame, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices; Justice*

then, and in such Cafe, such Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted, and suffer such Punishment as is.

herein* before directed to be inflicted on Persons not returning the Tools or Materials as aforesaid; and all

such Tools, Wool, Yarn, Chain, Woof, or Abb, or such Cloth as aforesaid, so seized, and not accounted

for as aforesaid, shall, upon such Conviction, be delivered over to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the

Poor of the Parish where the fame were seized, to be by them fold and the Monies arising by such Sale,.

after defraying the Expences of such Sale, shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

III. Provided always. That in case the Person or Persons accused shall request of such Justice to appoint justice to allow

a reasonable Time to produce the Person or Persons of or from whom he, she, or they, bought or re- a reasonable

ceived the fame, or some one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to prove the Sale or Delivery Time for pro-

thereof; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the Taid Justice', and he is hereby autho- ducin* Parties,

rifed and required to appoint such reasonable Time as aforesaid, and to issue out a Summons to the Con-

stable, or other Peace Officer, of the Parish or Place where such Person or Persons, or such Witness or

Witnesses, shall respeClively reside, requiring him, her, or them, to appear before such Justice, at such

Time and Place as shall be so appointed by such Justice, in order to be examined and give Evidence, on.

Oath, of the several Matters aforesaid; but such Person or Persons, at the Time of making such Re-

quest, shall enter into a Recognizance, with or' without Surety or Sureties, as such Justice shall think pro-

per, for his, her, or their Appearance before him at the Time so to be set, or, for want of such Recog-

nizance as aforesaid, shall be committed until the Time that shall he so set or appointed by the said Juf-

tice for the Appearance of such Party or Parties, Witness or Witnesses: And if at such appointed

Time such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid; then, and in such Cafe,

he, she, or they, shall suffer such Punishment as is herein-before directed to be inflicted on Persons not

returning such Tools or Materials as aforesaid.

IV. And be it fuTther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (hill and may be lawful for any Justices,upon

Justice* or Justices, upon Information made to him or them, on'Oath, by any credible Pdrfon or Persons, information

that there is just Cause to fuspect that any Ends of Yarn, Wefts, Thrumbs, Short Yarn, or other RefufeHouses^be*^

of Cloth, Drugget, or of other Woollen Goods, or of Goods mixed with Wool (Flocks and Pinions searched

only excepted), have been collected and received, and are lodged or concealed, in any Dwelling-house, ’

Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, or other Place, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such

Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, and other Place, to be searched in the Day-time; and if and the fame t«

such Ends of Yarn, Wefts, Thrumbs, Short Yarn, or other. Refuse of Cloth, Drugget, or other Woollen ‘ p*^-*^*"^

Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool ( Flocks and Pinions only excepted), above the Quantity of three, before^hcmf

Pounds, shall be found therein, to seize the fame; and also to cause the Person or Persons in whose

House, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, or other Place, the fame shall be found, to be brought before him,

or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the fyme County, Division, Liberty, or Place, and on

Proof being made thereof upon Oath before such Justice or Justices, that such Ends of Yam, Wefts,

Thrumbs, Short Yarn, or other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget, Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool

(Flocks and Pinions only excepted), were found in the Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, or

©t.ber Place, of such Person or Pcifons so brought before such Justice or Justices, such Person or Persons

not exculpating him, her, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, shall thereupon

suffer such Punishment as is herein-before directed to be inflicted on Persons not returning the Tools or

Materials as aforesaid, and the Materials so* found in the Custody of such Person or Persons-(hall, by^

Order of such Justice or Justices, be burnt, or otherwise destroyed, *

V. Provided always. That if, upon any Information made upon Oath before any Justice or Justices HowOfTcndcn,

agnirft any Person or Persons offending against this Act, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, that such on a Second

Person or Persons so informed agiinft hath or have been already before convicted of any Offence against t#

this Act; then, and in such Ca:c, such Justice or Justices shall not proceed to convict such Offender or.a*a’^#ec

Offenders, but* shall and may commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction, there to remain

until the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, Division, Li-,

berty, or Place, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have entered into a Recognizance, with suffi-

cient Sureties, to appear at such Sc (lions, and then and there to abide the Order of the Justices at such

Session; and such Justice or Justices shall and may bind over the Informer to prosecute the said Offender or

Offenders at the said Sessions, and the Justices at such Sessions shall, then and there proceed to inquire into

and determine the fame in a summary Way; and if, upon such Inquiry, such Person or Persons shall be

found guilty of the said Offence, the said Justices shall, at their Discretion, commit such Offender or.

Offenders to the House of Correction for any Time they think proper to direct, not exceeding three

Calendar Months.

VI. Provided also, That if it shall appear to the Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions, that such

Person or Persons hath, or have, already been convicted, at some General Quarter Sessions, of any Offence,

against this Act; then, and in such Cafe, the ffid Justices shall, upon a like Inquiry and Conviction, in.

a summary Way, dfredl the said Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, for

any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, and also to be once publickly whipped at such Time and

Place as such Justices, at their said Quarter Sessions, shall direct.

VII. Provided

3

