A.D. 1775* Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 60. 369

Banks and Fifliing Places belonging to the Burgh of Dumbarton in the River Clyde^ or in the River Lrjen>

without the Content of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dumbarton first had and obtained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office* or any seven or more of them, at a

General Meeting assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to rhake, ordain, and establish such Orders,

Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better executing of this Act; and also, from Time to Time, as Occasion

may require, to repeal, add to, amend or alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them {hall seem

meet, fitting, and requilite; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty

Shillings Sterling, for the Non-observance or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any

Part thereof (to be recovered and applied in such Manner as is hereafter directed); and the said Baillies

and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, {hall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be

printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the said Towns, and to pay the

Expence and Charges thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the

Manner of the Recovery whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall be levied and re-

covered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand of any

one of the Baillies of the said Towns of Port Glasgovj or Newark, or any one of the Justices of the Peace

for the County or Place where the Offender {hall dwell, which Warrant such Baillie or Justice is hereby

authorised ana required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures, when re-

covered (after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods

shall be fodistrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress being first deducted), {hall be paid to the Col-

lator orColleftors of the Duties hereby granted for the Time being, and {hall be applied towards the

Purposes of this Act: And that in case sufficient Distress {hall not be found, or such Penalties and For-

feitures shall not be paid forthwith, it {hall and may be lawful to and for such Baillie or Justice aforesaid,

and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offend-

ers to be committed to the Gaol of the County, or to the Gaol in Port Glasgow, therein to continue for

a Time not exceeding two Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges,

shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable TfTtUiam Earl of

Glencaimy and his Successors in the Estate of Finlayftown, the Provost, eldest Baillie, and Dean of Guild

of the City of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, Robert Hamilton of Wijhaw Esquire, and his Suc-

.ceflors in the Estate of Newark, or any three of them, as a Quorum, shall be and are hereby appointed

Commissioners for reviling, examining, auditing, and confirming the Accounts of the Receipts and Dif-

burfements of the said Baillies and Trustees, under and by virtue of this Act, for the Ends and Purposes

herein before mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a General Meeting of the said

Commissioners shall be held in the Council Chamber at Port Glasgow, upon the second Tuesday of October

next, and upon the second Tuesday of Ofiober in every following Year; and that the said Baillies and

Trustees, and their Successors, {hall, at every such General Meeting, cause to be laid before the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, a true and fair Account of all Monies which {hall have been

collected and levied the Year preceding, from the Rates, Duties, Fines* and Forfeitures before men-

tioned, and of every Sum or Sums of Money which {hall have been borrowed during the Year preceding,

for the Uses and Purposes before mentioned; and also of all the Monies which {hall have been used, paid,

and applied, out of the fame, for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and Weft Quays

of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes herein before

mentioned ; and that all the said Accounts shall be examined and certified by the Commissioners present at

such annual Meeting, or by the Majority of them; and that the said Commissioners shall, at every such

Meeting, bear their own Charges.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall be in the Power of the said

Commissioners, or the Majority of them, assembled at such annual General Meeting, to adjourn them-

selves from Time to Time, as they shall fee Cause 5 and also it {hall be in the Power of the said Baillies

and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, at all Times, to call Meetings of the said Commissioners,

when Necessity {hall require, by Advertisements for that Purpose, published at least fourteen Days before

the Day of such Meeting, in all the Glasgow Newspapers for the Time being; and that no Business {hall

be proceeded in at any of the said Meetings unless there be three Commissioners at least present.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or intrude upon,

any Right of Property, Jurisdiction, or Power of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow, and

their Successors, in, about, or concerning, the Harbour, Dock, Breast, Piers and Quays, built and to be

built at Port Glasgow, and particularly the New or Mid Quay or Pier, lately built at Port Glasgow by the

said Magistrates and Council; and also saving and referying to the said Magistrates and Council, and Com-

Tnunity of the City of Glasgow, all Rights and Privileges, whether of Property, Superiority, or Jurisdic-

tion, that they have or are in Possession of, in and upon the River Clyde, except in so far as contained in

the aforesaid Contraft; also saving and reserving to the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, and

to all Lords of Baronies, and to all other Bodies Politick or Corporate, and other Per Ion or Persons what-

ever, all their legal Rights, Estates, and Intcrtfts in the Premises, and particularly reserving to all Pro-

prietors of Ground, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and New-

ark^ through which Pipes or Conductors have already been or may hereafter be brought, full Power and

Liberty, at any Time hereafter, to take and ufc Water for thetnselves and the Inhabitants dwelling on or

V ol, XII. 3 B possessing

Baillies, &c at

General Meet-

ing*, may \r ilcc

Bye*iauf, «Scc.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

For want of

Distress, Offend-

ers to be com-

mitted.

Commissionert

for auditing Ac-

counts of Brill-

lies, Sec.

Commissionert

to meet annual-

]7i

and to heir their

own Expence*.

Meetings may

be adjourned,

&c.

Reformation of

Rights.

