The TITLES of

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-six.

$( An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of

the Pilchard-fishery carried on within the Bay of Saint

Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

37. An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quan-

tities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Maj-j fly’s

Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint

Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland,

Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for in-

demnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carry-

ing into Execution his Majesty’s Orders of Council

already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat,

and other Articles.

38. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Deb:ors; and for

the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes.

39. An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the

thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An AC to explain, amend, and reduce into one AC

of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulat-

ing the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called

England, and for other Purposes; which relates to the

countcrfinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons,

Wains, and other Carriages, to be used on Turnpike

Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act.,

with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having

the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of fix Inches or

upwards.

40. An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within

the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great

Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to

certain Questions, specified in the Ad, relative to the State

of their Poor} and to authorise and require the justices

of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Juris-

didions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and

Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause

them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

41. An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the

Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Aitftrian Ne-

therlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time.

42. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, im-

ported into the Port of Preston, to be landed without

Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as

Corn, Grain, and Flour is allowed to be landed at the

several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thir-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An AC to regulate the Importation and Exportation

of Corn.

43. An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punish*

ment by Hard Labour of Offenders who, for certain

Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to

any of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations.

41. An Act for suspending for a limited Time, so much of

an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Ma-

jessy’s Reign, intituled, An AC to explain, amend, and

reduce into one AC of Parliament, the General Laws now

in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of

Great Britain called England, and for other Purpfes, as

is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels

thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches, to the

Payment of Double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts

for Leafing Tolls.

45. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

One million, for the Uses and Ptirposes therein men-

tioned.

4^. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treafunr to order and allow, out of the Money arising

by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned,

the STATUTES.

for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders agiinft the

Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum

yearly allowed for that Purpose.

47. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale

Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and

the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the

P'ees to be taken by the Officers of the Culloms in the

I fh n d of Ncufoundland-

48. An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation

of, or Payment of the Duties upon. Bugles, when ware-

housed upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower

the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds

relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions

have been had for the Space of five Years, (except Bonds

for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in

the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for

repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into

this Kingdom; and for charging the fame with the like

Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament; for giving further Relief to the

Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the

Royal Navy; and for making forth Duplicates of Ex-

chequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts,

Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or de-

ftroyed.

50. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register ordeliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers,* in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to

such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies

and Solicitors.

51. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the

Drawback upon the Exportation of Muslins and Calli-

coes, imported by the East India Company in the Years

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ihree, and one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-lour; for allowing

further Time to the said Company toexpofe to Sale such

Bohea and SingloTeas and Cpftee as remained unfold

on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-six; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be

imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing

the "Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and

Coffee; and for granting further Time for allowing the

Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the

Ship ShrewfbuVy, in the Year one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-three.

52. An Act to declare his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects

inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether

Lineal or Collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were

Aliens.

53. An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians

of the Poor within the ljle of Wight, and to confirm the

Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corpora-

tion, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for

the Members of the fame; and to repeal an Adf, pallid

in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

d 2 intituled,

