A. D* 1775* Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 54.- 351

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Aprcemems be.

Act contained {hall be deemed or taken to make void any Lease, or the Covenants, Conditions, and twe-n LandJcrJ

Agreements therein contained, or any other Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, between Landlord and not

Tenant; and that every Lease whereon the Rent thereof is reserved clear of all Taxes, except the Tax

therein specihed, such Rent shall be paid accordingly, without any Dcdudlion or Allowance whatsoever

on account of the Rates and Afl’eflments to be made, laid, or assess’ed, by virtue of this Act, any Thing

herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Collector of the said if CoMeftors be-

Rates or Aflefi’ments shall become insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or mifdpply, come infuiveir,

any Sum or Sums of Money so collected by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die possessed of any Money to be

Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of this Act, or so as the fame cannot be ob- a*iin A<rt“c<1,

tamed by the Time the said Commissioners {hall {land in Need thereof, for the Purposes for which the

fame was collected ; then, and in every such Cafe, such Sum and Sums of Money {hall be again rated and

assessed by the said Commissioners, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made

by this A cl, and {hall be collected, levied, and distrained, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as*-

are herein provided for collecting and levying the Rates due and payable by this Act.

‘XL. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners to carry into Execution the several Powers-

4 and Authorities hereby veiled in them, and the several Directions of this Act,’ be it enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to borrow, upon the Credit borrow Mo-

of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money at Interest, and ”*Ta* ’

to raise any Sum or Sums of Money by the Sale of Annuities, for the natural Life or Lives of such Person byfSale of An-

or Persons as {hall be nominated and appointed by the Purchaser or Contributor, so as such Annuity or nuitici,

Annuities do not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or

less Sum, to be paid as aforesaid ; and so as the Purchase-money for any one Annuity exceed not the Sunr

of one thousand Pounds; and so as the Monies to be raised by the Ways and Means aforesaid, or either of not receding*

them, do not exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds. * socol.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner*

Commissioners to make an Order for Repayment of the Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest m3y order Re.

thereon, and also for the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities as {hall be purchased as aforesaid, par*- payment of Mo-

ticularifing at what respeClive Times in the Year, and in what Proportions, the said Interest and Annui- "nVin^crtT&c,-

ties {hall be paid, according to the Agreement of the Parties upon the said Loan or Purchase ; and from After Order

arid immediately after such Order and Receipt for the Monies advanced {hall be signed by the said Com- f^ned. Monies

naiflioners, the Monies so advanced and lent at Interest as aforesaid, and the respective Annuities so to be advanced to be

purchased as aforesaid, {hall be and are hereby charged upon the Rates and AlTdlments to be ni2de by charged upon the■

virtue of this Act; and the said Principal Monies and Interest, with the said Annuities, shall be payable

and paid thereout, pursuant to the said Order, to the Person or Persons advancing such Monies at Interest*

their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; but as to the Annuities, the fame are to be paid<

as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by*

each such Purchaser or Contributor, as before mentioned: And that all and every such Purchaser and Annuities deem*

Purchasers of such Annuities, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have good, sure, ab- ,ndcfcif,^e

solute, and indefeasible Eilatcs and In erects in the said Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them, 1 alcs*

respectively to be purchaseJ, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the anJ not to be

said Annuities, or Monies advanced at Interest r.s aforesaid, {hall be subject or liable to the Tax charged, chargeable to the

or to be charged, upon Land by Authority of Parliament. - ^3nd

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for the Annuities may

Person or Persons advancing and lending Money at Interest as aforesaid, and also for the Purchaser or Pur- bt alT,£Dcd*

chafers of any such Annuity or Annuities as sforefuid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators,

or Assigns, at any Time or l imes, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

Seals, to assign their respective lntcrrft Monies and Annuities, or any Part thereof, and their respective

Right, Title, and Interest therein, or to any Part thereof, wiih their respective Orders for the f2mc, and

so teties quoties ; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments shall be made in the Entries to be

Book to be kept for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said Commissioners ; so* which Entry or Memo- tixef

randum two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, {hall be paid ; and no such Assignment {hall be deemed cr

valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry {ball be fiift made as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as the Payment of the said re* As Annuitant*

spedtive Annuities {hall cease by the Death of the Person or Persons on whose Life or Lives the fame {hall dic» the Ra,cf

be granted, the said Rates and Assessments {hall be proportionally lowered, but so as not to occasion a to bc lowered.

Deficiency in the Monies wanting to defray the several Charges and Outgoings required by any Thing

done in pursuance of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may When Annuities

bq lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, as and when cea,c by Death»r

any of the said Annuities {hall ccafe by the Death of the Person or Persons on whose Life or Lives the *A£^,e*0

fame shall have been granted, to raise Money by the Sale of any other Annuity or Annuities, so as the rajfc Mcncy for

Monies to be raised by such Sale do not exceed the Monies borrowed at Interest as aforesaid ; which said the Payment of

last-mentioned Annuities {hall bc subject to and governed by the Powers, Authorities, and Directions interest.

aforesaid respecting Annuities ; and the Monies to be received by the said Commissioners upon Sale of the

said last mentioned Annuities shall be applied in Discharge of the said Interest Monies, as f3r as the fame

will extend and go, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and E*psnee* of

Expences of procuring and passing this Act {hall be paid out of the first Monies which {hall be raised by ^beLft'awT

virtue of this Act* e p

XLVI. And

* ^.ooooie

