A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii IIL C. 21. 267

on the said Rate, to be written on separate Slips of Paper or Parchment, and to be put separately jpto a

Wheel or Box j and that so many Numbers of the said Bonds or Securities shall be drawn out of the (hid

Wheel or Box by the Clerk to the said Directors and Guardians, in the Presence of the said Dire£tors and

Guardians, or any nine or more of them, as shall mike up the Sum then intended to he paid off, which

Numbers he shall then read and deliver to the Chairman or President presiding at such Meeting, who shall

cause the fame to be entered by the Clerk in the Minute*; and that six Months Notice, in Writing, or

printed, and signed by the Clerk to the said Directors and Guardians for the Time being, shall be given

to the rerfon or Persons who shall be intitled to such Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, so drawn

out, or shall be left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, that his, her, or their respec-

tive Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, Principal and Interest, will be paid off 5 and that at the Ex-

riration of the said six Months, to be computed from the Day of such Notice given or left as aforesaid, all

nterest on such Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, shall cease and determine.

4 XXXVI. And whereas it may happen hereafter, that, by reason of the farther Increase of the Poor, Mort Mon’«

4 old, impotent, and other Persons, whom it will be necessary to receive into such Workhouse or Work- m,r ^ bor*

c houses, it may become necessary to add more Buildings or Erections for the Purposes of this Act, or to rowe<i«

4 make feme considerable Alterations and Repairs, the Expence whereof may be too great to be defrayed

4 out of the said annual Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish p be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, or any

nine or more of them, at any of their General Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and they are

hereby authorised and impowered, in case of such Necessity, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum

or Sums of Money as shall be so wanted on the Credit of the said Rate, in like Manner as is herein before

directed,

XXXVII. Provided always, That the whole Sum so borrowed shall not at any Time exceed the Pro*!/*

Sum of ten thousand Pounds, the Sum herein directed to be borrowed for the several Purposes before

mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Directors and 5001. at slower

Guardians can at any Time borrow and take up any Sum or Sums of Money, not less than the Sum of Interest may be

five hundred Pounds at one Time, at a lower Rate of Interest than the Bonds or Securities by them issued b^r«we£ to

then carry, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directdrs and Guardiuns, or any nine or more hiEhcx^tercO

of them, from Time to Time, to pay off and discharge the Bonds or Securities bearing a higher Rate of 8

Interest, following the Directions and Regulations as are herein before prescribed for paying off Bonds

and Securities.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, That no Bond or Security carrying a lower Rate of Interest shall at Pro*ifo for pay*

any Time be paid off and discharged, whilst any of the Bonds or Securities carrying a higher Rate of

Interest are unpaid and undischarged.

XL. And be it further enacted. That there shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose Sreuritici to b«

provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Directors and Guardians, all Securities for Monies entered inBocks*

borrowed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments or Transfers thereof, expressing, in

Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Dcscriptions, of all

such Persons as shall from Time to Time be intitled to such Securities.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Per- Secoriu-i m»y

fons, intitled to anvof the Securities before mentioned, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, k affixed,

or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his or their Hands respectively, to assign or transfer

such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and witnessed

by one Witness, and so toties quoties\ and such Alignments and Transfers, after they shall be respectively

entered in the Book or Books of such Directors and Guardians, in Manner aforesaid, shall intitle the Per-

son or Persons to whom they shall respectively be made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Ad-

miniitrators, and Ailigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so a/Tigned and transferred.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gifts, Donations, Benefaftions, DoniTmn* and

and Sums of Money whatsoever, now payable, or which shall hereafter become payable, for and to the other M.»n e» t*

Use of the Poor of the said Parish, not being directed or liable to be applied for the Support of any private pa,d to

or particular Poor or Charity, or by the Donation particularly appropriated, not being Sacramental rea,Uf€r«

Money, shall, from Time to Time, from and after the Appointment of the said Directors and Guar-

dians, be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Directors and Guardians, for

the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor

thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cud Directors and Nimrt rf !V-nc-

Guardians, at any of their said Weekly Meeting*, to oider the Name of every fu«h Donor, Bencfaftor, pit

or charitable Person, together with the Sum by them given for and towards the Use of the Poor of the ^urc^ &c

said Parish, to be written and painted in legible Characters, in some conspicuous Part of the Church of the *

said Parish, and also in some publick or conspicuous Part of such Workhouse or Workhouses, in such

Manner as the said Directors and Guardians shall think fit, the Expence thereof to be defrayed out of the

Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to fell, ,rli or

let, or dispose of the present Workhouse belonging to the said Paiifh (if they shall not think fit to apply £"u,-”Xof

the fame to any of the Purposes of this Act), and also to fell, let, or dispose of so much of the Lands, Te- u‘

nements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased or hired as aforesaid, as shall not be necessary or u*cd for

the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase or take the fame, for the best Price

that can be got, and apply the Monies arising therefrom to the Purposes of this Act.

M m z XLV. Provided

