292

Until a new

Gaol beboilt

Sheriff to re-

move Prisoner*

from the old

Gaol to the

House of Cor-

rection.

Justicea iwpw+

tred to take

down the old

Gaol, and dif-.

pofeof Mate*

rials.

How Money for

the Purpose* of

this Act it to

he raised.

Liberty of St.

Alban to be.

frifefled at well

at the County j

5001. to be

failed therein

In loch Manner

at Jnftket flu 11

4»re&.

Thit Act not to*

prejudice the

Rights of the

lari of Sal*

hory.

Chorthwardeoa,

See. to collect

Monies necef-

fary for thePar-

pofet of tbit

A&» and to

pay the fame to

the High Coio>

flabloa.

la cafrof We*

gleft or Refuel,

to be levkd by

Hifetft,

C. 25. . .Anno decimo quinto Georgii I1I< A. D. 1775.

€ V. And to the End that the Materials of the said old Gaol may be applied towards the Building of the

4 said new Gaol/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said new Gaol shall be fit

for the Reception and safe keeping of such Prisoners, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the said

County for the Time being to remove such Prisoners to, and confine them in, the House of Correction at

Hertford, or such other Place as the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, shall approve of; and that after

such Removal or Removals, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at their said General

Quarter Sessions, to cause the present Gaol to be taken down, and the Ground or Scite thereof, or therctb

belonging, to fell or otherwise dispose of, and the Materials thereof, or any Part thereof, either to use in

or about the building or finishing such new Gaol, or to fell or otherwise dispose of, and the Money arising

by any such Sale or dales to apply towards the Expence and Charge of building and finishing such new

Gaol; which Removal or Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order to raise the Sum of Money which shall be necessary for

the Purposes of this Act, all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Te-

nements and Hereditaments, lying and being in the said County of Hertford (except as after is excepted J,

shall be, and are hereby made chargeable and liable to the Payment of lo much of the Money which shall

be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to be raised and paid according to the yearly Value of such Mef-

fuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, such yearly Value

to be ascertained by the Poor’s Rates of the respective Parishes and Places in which the fame are respectively

lying or being, in the Manner herein after mentioned; which said Money foas aforesaid being Part af

the Money which shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, is hereby directed to be raised within the

Space of four Years from the passing of this Act; but it is hereby provided, that the fame in the Whole

,shall not exceed the Sum of Eight-pence in the Pound of such yearly Value, and that no greater Proportion

thereof be raised in any one Year than Three-pence.

1 VII. And whereas the Liberty of Saint Alban is in the said County of Hertfordy and Justices of

c the Peace are appointed for the said Liberty by a separate Commission of the Peace, distinct from the

4 Commission of the Peace for the County of Hertford at large, and the said Liberty doth not contribute

• to# pay to the County Rates made for the said County at large; nevertheless the said Liberty will re-

• teive a joint Benefit from the said new Gaol with the rest of the said County of Hertford, ana therefore

4 the^Lands and Tenements within the said Liberty should be charged and rated towards railing the Money

• which will be necessary for the Purposes of this Act;’ be it therefore further enacted. That all and every

the Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, lying ana

being in the said Liberty of Saint Albany (except as heretn-after is excepted) shall be, and are hereby made

chargeable and liable to the Payment of nve hundred Pounds towards the Money which shall be necessary

for the Purposes of this Act; to be raised and paid according to the yearly Value of such Messuages, Lands*

Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, such yearly Value to be ascertained

by the Poor’s Rate of the respective Parishes and Places in which the said Messuages, Lands, Tithes Ap*

propriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, are respectively lying or being; and that, not-

witnstanding any Matter or Tiling in this Act contained, the said Sum of Money herein-before directed

to be raised in the said Liberty of Saint Albany shall, and is hereby directed to be raised in the said Liberty,

in such Manner and Proportion as to the Justices of the Peace of the said Liberty, in Quarter Session af*

sembled, or the greater Number of them so assembled, shall seem meet, so that the fame be paid by the

Treasurer of the said Liberty for the Time being into the HanJs of the Treasurer of the said County of

Hertford for the Time being, within the Time herein-before mentioned for raising and paying the Money

herein-before directed to be raised and paid for the Purposes of this Act in the rest of the said County ©P~

Hertford.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to extinguish, restrain, or otherwise prejudice the Rights and Jurisdiction of an

ancient Hundred Court, held by the Right Honourable James Earl of Salijbury, and his Pcedeceflors*

for the Hundred of Cajbio or Liberty of Saint Albany or to tak,e away or abridge any Jurisdiction, Autbo*

rity. Privileges, or Immunities, which the said James Earl of Salijbury, his Heirs or Assigns, enjoy, ©?

ought to enjoy, as Lords of the Hundred of.Cashioy or Liberty of Saint Albany by virtue of any Law*

Usage, Custom, Prescription, Grant, or Charter; any thing in this Act contained to-the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithftanaing.

IX. And be it further enacted. That for the more easy collecting the Monies which shall become

becefiary for the Purposes of this Act, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being*

of each and every Parishand Place in the County of Hertfordy shall, and they are hereby required, out of

the Monies colfeded, or to be collected, for the Relief of the Poor of such rarish or Place, to pay unto

the High Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions of the said County at large such respective

Sums of Money as the yearly Value of all and every the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or He-

reditaments, in every such Parish or Place respectively (except as herein-after is excepted), shall* amount

unto, after such Rate in the Pound as the Justices assembled for the said County of Hertfordy in the Ge-

neral or Quarter Sessions, or the greater Number of them so assembled, shall order and direct ; such Pay-

ments to be made within the Space of thirty Days after Demand made thereof in Writing on such Church-

wardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, or left at their or any of their Dwelling-House os

Houses by the said High Constable or Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions * which De-

mand the respective High Constables are hereby required to make within twenty-one Days next after

Notice to them respectively given of such Order of Session ; and in case such Churchwardens and Over-*

seers of the Poor, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to pay any Sum or Sums of Money hereby made

payable by them as aforesaid (after Demand made as aforesaid), the respective High Constables shall, and

i' ' they

