47®

ComrtrifUorfer

holding any

Office of Profit

under this Act,

not to ad ai

fuel*

Ho* Ccltedbr,

&c. to proceed3

in caleof Vef-

fels departing

without paying

Duties,

King's Ships of

War, &c. ex-

empted from

Dutier.

Mooring-posts

and Bridges to

be kept in Re-

pair.

Application of

lh#D(itirs aris-

ing bf tbfc Ad.

Extent of the

Harbour and

Hatan, fit.

Writings to be

without Stamps.

This Act not to

acted the Tri-

nitv-house of

Kingston, Sec,

Steing’ of

Rights^

This Act rot to

prejudice Works

of B!-ck Sluice

Commissioners.

Distrrfs no* ?o

h” denned un-

i .\a ill lor W^ftt

ol rour-, dec.

C. 23. Anna dectma fexta Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

aforesaid,. of given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the fold Commissioners, or any five* or more of them,

(whereof the said Mayor so* tho Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one.)

XXXI. And bo. itfiurther enacted* That if any Commissioner appointed by, or to be elected in pucfuanct

of, this Act, (halt at any Time accept of any Office of Profit under this Act, such Commissioner, if'a Mem*

her of the said Corporation*, shall not; during his-Continuance in such Office, aft as a Commissioner in the

Execution of this Act j and such Commissioner, if not a Member of* the said Corporation, shall cease to be

a Commissioner, and another Pedbh shall be elected a Commissioner in his Place, as herein before directed.

XXXII. And, 4 to the Intent the said Tonnage or Duties may be truly answered and paid/ be it further

enacted, That in case any Ship, Vcflfel, or Barge, shall depart out of the said Port without the said Ton*

Hage or Duties being paid, then the Collector of the said Tonnage or Duties shall give Notice thereof to

the Collector of his Majesty’s ;Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, or their respective Deputies, at

the Port of Boston aforesaid 5 and such Collector, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, or their Deputies,

shall nofl after such Notice take or receive any Entry or Cocquet, or Bifdmge or Clearance, or take any

Report outwards fof such Ship, Veffd, or Barge, British or Foreign, liable or subject to the Payment of

the said Tonnage or Duties, until double the Tonnage or Duties so left unpaid shall be paid to the Col*

feftor df the fatdTonnage or Duties.

XXXIIL Provided nerertheless, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to

charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or anyi

Vessel oc Wherry employed in the Service of his Majesty’s Revenue, with any of the Duties hereby

granted*

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mooring-posts and Bridges shall from Time to Tim*

be maintained and kept in good and sufficient Repair, so ais the Shipping and Trade of the said.Borough

and Port may be effectually benefited thereby, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act^ and

that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof

the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) from l ime to Time, out of the

said Tonnage and Duties granted by this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof*

to pay all just and reasonable Sums of Money and Charges that shall or may be expended and accrue in

obtaining this Act, and in buying, fixing, setting, laying down, maintaining and repairing, the said

Mooring-posts and Bridges, together with all Salaries and other Charges which shall be proper and ne-*

ceflary for the several Purposes directed by this Act, and which shall be incurred by them in pursuance of

this Aftj and shall apply the Surplus-money arising from the said Tonnage and Duties granted by this.

Act, after all the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof is paid, towards the Dif-

charge of the principal Sum borrowed on the fame.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the Harbour and Haven of the

said Borough and Port of Bojion shall be deemed to extend from the Grand Sluice in the Borough ^fore-

said, to the Place commonly called or known by the Name of The Scalp or Scolf aforesaid ; and that the

said Port shall be deemed to extend throughout and over all the Limits of the Admiralty Jurisdiction of the

said Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Boston aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted. That no Nomination, Appointment, Information,Order, Judgment*

Conviction, Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or

only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Justice or

Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, touching or in Execution of any Power or Authority*

hereby granted, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take

away, abridge, defeat, impeach, or interrupt, any Grants, Liberties, Franchises, and Privileges, hereto-

fore granted to, or which by any ancient Usage and Custom have from Time to Time been enjoyed and*

used by, the Pilots of the Trinhy-house of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or the Trinity-heuse of Neiv-

cajile upon Tyne,

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to invali-

date, alter, leflert, takeaway, impeach, or defeat, any of the Rights, Grants, Liberties, Powers, Fran-

chifes, Privileges, Dues, Payments, and Revenues, heretofore granted, or which by any Charter, ancient

tlfage, Prescription, or Custom, have from Time to Time been had, enjoyed, received, taken and ufedr

by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough of Boston, or by any other Person or Persons, Body or

Bodies Corporate whatsoever, nor to affect any landed Property adjoining to the said Harbour} but that

the fame shall stand, remain, and be in their full Force and Effect, in the same Manner as if thir

Act had not been made; any Thing in this A ft contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-*

(landing.

JlXXlX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to prejudice, obstruct, prevent, or defeat, any of the Woiks made or to be made

in pursuance of an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn in th*

Parts of Keftcven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln } and in pursuance of an Act made in the tentB

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act crude in ther

fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign ; or to impower the Commissioners ufting by virtue of this Act

to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, leften, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, or Authori-

ties, which by the said two last mentioned Acts were vested in all or any of the Commissioners acting under

the said Acts, but that the fame shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had

never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any I)iftrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, or the Party on

Parties

