370

Rights of Ro-

bert Hamilton of

Wiftiaw, Esq|

reserved.

Oaths may be

administered by

Baillies or Jus-

tice* of the

Peace.

Defendants may

produce this A&

in any Suit, Scc.

Treble Costs.

Sheriffs, Sec. to

assist in putting

this A ft in Exe-

cution.

Publick Alt,

Preamble.

His Majesty’s

Letters Patent

granted to James

\Vatt recited.

Specification of

the File Engine.

C. 6i. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775;

possessing such Grounds 5 and also reserving to all and every Person or Persons within the Bounds and

Limits aforesaid, already possessed of Pipes for bringing Water into the said To wns of Port Glasgow or

Newark, or either of them, and being served with Water by the said Pipes, their full Rights and Interests

in the Premises, as formerly enjoyed by them.

XXXVII. And jt is hereby specially provided and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in

this A& contained ’shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, lessen, hurt, or infringe, any Right

of Superiority, Jurisdiction, or other Right whatsoever, which the said Robert Hamilton of Wijhaw Esquire,

or his Predecessors, now have or had over the Grounds of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark,

within the said Bounds and Limits aforesaid; and that all Right whatever competent to him therein shall

continue and remain with him, his Heirs and Successors, and have the fame Effect as formerly, and as if

this present A<St had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Gases where Cognizance is

given to any of the said Baillies of Port Glasgow and Newark, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by

this A£1, it shall be lawful for the said Baillie or Baillies, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to administer an

Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or their more certain Information in the Matter or Matters which

shall be then depending.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or A£lion shall be

commenced against the said Baillies and Trustees, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons, for

any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Action may pro-

duce this A cl, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority and in pursuance of this Act; and

if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action,

or Actions, and shall have Treble Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and

against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the fame.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace,

Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors

of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this

Ad into due and eft'edual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all

Courts of Law and Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI. ;

An Act for vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Afllgna,.

the foie Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of

his Invention, described in the said Act, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions, for a

limited Time.

4 TX/^EREAS his most Excellent Majesty, King George the Third, by his Letters Patent, under the

4 W Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the fifth Day of January, in the ninth Year of his

4 Reign, did give and grant unto James Watt, of the City of Glasgow, Merchant, his Executors, Admi-

4 nistrators, and Assigns, the foie Benefit and Advantage of making and vending certain Engines, by him

4 invented, for lessening the Consumption of Steam and Fuel in Fire Engines within that Part of his Ma-

4 jesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick

4 upon Tweed, and also in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations abroad, for the Term of fourteen Years;

4 with a Proviso, obliging the said James Watt, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to cause a parti-

4 cular Description of the Nature of the said Invention to be inrolled in his Majesty’s High Court of

4 Chancery, within four Months after the Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas the said

4 James Watt did, in pursuance of the said Proviso, cause a particular Description of the said Engine to be

4 inrolled in the said High Court of Chancery, upon the twenty-ninth Day of April, in the Year of our

4 Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, which Description is in the Words and Form, or to

the Effedt following; that is to say, 44 My Method of lessening the Consumption of Steam, and confe-

44 quently Fuel, in Fire Engines, consists of the following Principles: First, That Vessel in which the

44 Powers of Steam are to be employed to work the Engine which is called The Cylinder in common Fire

44 Engines, and which 1 call The Steam Vefj'eU must, during the whole Time the Engine is at Woik, be

44 kept as hot as the Steam that enters it; first, by inclosing it in a Cafe of Wcoi, or any other Materials

44 that transrrit Heat slowly; secondly, by surrounding it with Steam, or other heated Bodies; and,

44 thirdly, by fwffering neither Water, or any other Substance colder than the Steam, to enter or touch it

4< during that Time. Secondly, In Engines that are to be worked wholly or partially by Condensation

gt of Steam, the Steam is to be condensed in Vessels distinct from the Steam Vessels or Cylinders, al-

44 though occafi nally communicating with them; these Vessels I call Condenfers \ and, whilst the Engines

44 are working, these Condenfers ought at least to be kept as cold as the Air in the Neighbourhood of the

44 Engines, by Application of Water, or other cold Bodies. Thirdly, Whatever Air or other elastick

44 Vap ur is not condensed by the Cold of the Condenser, and may impede the Working of the Engine,

44 is to be drawn out of the Sream Vessels or Condenfers by means of Pumps, wrought by the Er.g nes

44 themselves, or otherwise. Fourthly, I intend in many Cafes to employ the cxpanhvc Force of Steam

44 to press on the Pistons, or whatever may be used instead of them, in the same Manner as the Pressure of

44 the Atmosphere is now employed in common Fire Engines: In Cafes where cold Water cannot be had

44 in Plenty, the Engines may be wrought by this Force of Steam only, by discharging the Steam into the

#4 open Air after it has done its Office;” [which Fourth Article the said James Watt declares, in a Note

6 affixed

