6o8

Saving the

Rights of Lords

of Manors,

ItCi,

Limitation of

Action*.

General IIRie.

Di Grefs not

deemed unlaw-

ful for want of

Feus, Sec*

Treble Colt*

Plaintiff, on Re-

covery, to be

paid full Coils.

Plaintiff not to

recover after

Tender of A-

snends made.

Commencement

of this Act, and

Repeal of the

former one.

Bxpences of this

Act how to be

paid,

'Public Alt*

C. 54, 55. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

and Benefit of the Poor in the said House, as the Contributor and Contributors {hall direct and appoint;

and if no particular Direction or Appointment shall be given or made, touching the Application of such

Contributions, the fame shall be made Part of the common Stock, and applied for the general Purposes of

this Act; and a List of the Names of such Contributors, and an Account of the Sums by them contributed,

shall be affixed in the most conspicuous Part of the said House.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein

contained, shall not prejudice or afteft the Rights of the Lord and Lords of any Manor or Manors within

the said Island, and of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants within the said island, in and to ail Rights of

Common, or other Rights or Privileges whatsoever, in, upon, or within the said Forest of Parkkurjl$ but

that such Lord or Lords for the Time being, and all Persons claiming or to claim, under or in Trust for

him or them as Lord or Lords aforesaid, and also all Freeholders and Inhabitants within the said Island,

shall at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rights of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, other

than and except such Right of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, as can or may be claimed by

them, any or either of them, upon the Land inclosed by virtue of the said recited Act, in as full, ample,

and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame would have been held or enjoyed in case

this Act had not been made.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the fame shall be

commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fa*ft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid and brought in the County of Southampton, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in

Rich Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in

Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority

of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced

after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than

as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and where any Distrefsshall

be made for any Sum or Sums of Money justly due, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful,

nor shall the Party or Parties concerned therein be deemed Trespasser or Trespassers for Want of Form in

any of the Proceedings, nor shall the Parties be deemed Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregu-

larity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Party or Parties ag-

grieved shall recover Satisfaction for the special Damage he, fheT or they shall have sustained, and no

more: And if in any Action or Suit as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants,

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the

Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be^given against the

said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have

the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes determined by Law;

and in all Actions and Suits so commenced and prosecuted, the Inhabitants of the said Island mall be

deemed and admitted to be good Evidences, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such Action, he, (he,

or they shall be paid his, her, or their full Costs of Suit, and have all the like Remedies for the fame as

in the other Cafes of Costs.

LXXXVI. Provided nevertheless, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any

Irregularity, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties complained of, before such

Action brought; and that for this Purpose the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, before such Action brought, shall

give six Weeks Notice to the Party against whom he proposes to bring the fame.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place on the first Day of June next

ensuing the passing of this Act 5 and, from and after the said first Day of June, the above-recited Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing a House

or Houses of Indujiry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor be-

longing to the several Parishes and Places within the said ljland), be wholly and entirely repealed.

L^XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of procuring this Act of Parliament shall

be paid out of the first Monies to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Public Act 5 and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Per-

fons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in (he fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts); and also an Act, made in

the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of

light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the

Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum).

“ 5 Geo. II. c. 30. further continued for five Years 5 and 14 Geo. III. c 42. further continued for two Years*

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County

Palatine of Lancajhr, to grant Building-leases thereof.

u Indenture of Grant by Humphrey Booth, &c. dated 18th Feb. 6 Car. I. recited. The Trustees, &c- may

€€ lease the Trust-estate for 99 Years; and from Time to Time renew such Leases, (*fc. Lefl’ce may take

44 down

.1

