573

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 38.

fjgneesa to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be

applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall be

discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their

4 real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mav In* lawful to and for the

respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sections in ffales, and the P. incipality of ChrJIer,

and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectivciy, from whence any Process ifitted upon

which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed; or where the Process issued out of any other

Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great

Sections aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from 1'imc to Time, upon the

Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of

any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignces of the

Estate or Efrefts of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing

the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Remo-

val or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees. in the Place

or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable

Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner for the Benefit of the respec-

live Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or

displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or

Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners {hall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the Assignee or Assignees

so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the

same Manner, and for the fame Intents and Purposes, as the fame were before vested in the Assignee or

Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LaI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where mutual

Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this A61,

and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or

Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective

Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and

their Parts, to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and

nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer

acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than

what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Ac-

count, w hen truly stated.

LXII. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments for Contempts, for not pay-

4 ing Money awarded to be paid under Submissions to Arbitrators by Rules of Court, or under Submissions

4 to Arbitration Bonds, and which Submissions have been nude Rules of Court, in pursuance of an Act,

4 passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of Hrtiliam the Third, for determining Differences

4 by Arbitration; and likewise for not paying of Coftsduly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper

c Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo,

4 or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Costs or Expences in any Cause or Pro-

4 ceeding in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for any Contempt to such Court, it is hereby declared and

enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the

lame Terms and Conditions as are herein exprefl'ed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only*

4 LXIII. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon

c Processes Hiding out of Courts of Conscience ;’ it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prison-

ers shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, she, or

they, conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged

by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by^this Act an

Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, shall and'may be accepted and

taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and

false affirming, shall incur and Suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and impofcJ by this Act

Upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who

shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the

Space of eight Years last part, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor

be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame; any

Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such Person shall be willing to

serve, and shall actually enter himself to serve, on Board some one of his Majesty’s Ships of War for the

Term of Seven Years, or shall inlist as a Soldier in some of his Majesty’s Land Irorces.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Prisoner, who may have taken the Benefit of any

Insolvent Act within the Space of eight Years last part, shall under this Act apply for his Discharge, every

such Prisoner shall produce to the Court (to which he shall make Application for such Discharge) a Certi-

ficate in Writing, signed by an Officer properly authorised to engage or inlist Men for his Majesty’s Sea

or Land Service [as the Cafe may be] setting forth that he was on the Day of V”f£rt the

Date] engaged or inlisted [as the Cafe may be] to serve as a Mariner or Soldier in his Majesty’s Sea or

Land Service, which Certificate shall be attested by one or more credible Witness or Witness'es; and in

case such Certificate shall not be produced, or shall not be properly authenticated in Manner aforesaid, to

the Saiisfaftion of the Justices before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, he shall be remanded back

to

A/signees com-

plained against

f jr Infuflkiency,

Fraud, Mifira-

'mgrrmnt, or

other M./beha-

viour ;

the Court there-

upon is to sum-

nion the Partin,

and make such

Oroers therein

as they /hall

think fit*

Where mutual

Credit has been

given, the Ba-

lance to be Aated

and allowed*

Persons com-

mitted for not

paying Money

awarded under

Submissions to

Arbitration ;

an! for not pay-

ing Coftr, tec,

are intitled to

the Benefit of

this Act.

Prisoners ’upoat

Process out of

Courts of Con-

science, to have

the Benefit of

this Act.

Quaker’s Af-

firmation to be

tak^n in lieu of

an Oath.

Persons who

have taken the

Benefit of any

In ohent Act

within eight

Years, excluded

from this Act ;

Exception.

Prisoners who

have taken such

Benefit, and

shall apply for

Discharge under

this Act, to pro-

duce to the

Court a Certifi-

cate, signed by

a proper Officer,

set irg forth,

that they are

c.

