A. D. 1775.

Anno decimo <Juinto Georgii III.

C. 60.

367

tendance 5 and also shall or may hire, erect, or maintain any proper Place or Places within the said Towns

for the Reception of the said Watchmen, and shall make all such Regulations and Orders in Writing as

the Nature of each particular Service shall appear to them to require.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates or Assessments by this Act

imposed for defraying the Expence of bringing Water into, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching

the Streets of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, and

for the more effectually performing the other Purposes before recited in this Act, shall be leviable and le-

vied at the Term of Lammas yearly ; and that if any Person or Persons who shall be rated and assess'ed

by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Assessment charged upon

him>her^or them, in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of ten Days next after his, her, or their re-

spective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collec-

tors authoiifcd and empowered to coiled! and receive the same (such Demand being either personally made

to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or therr respective House or

Houses, Place or Places of Abode); that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and

for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand

of any one of the Baillies of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark for the Time J>eing (which

Warrant Or Warrants the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the

laid Bailljes ate hereby authorised and required to grant), and, with the Assistance of a Peace Officer, or

any Offic?r of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses,

Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to seize and keep Post'eflion of his, her, or their Goods

and Chattels \ and if the said Rate or Assess'ment shall not be paid within three Days next after such

Seizure shall he made, together with the Cods and Charges thereof, to fell bypublick Auction at the

Market Cross of Port Glasgow (which is hereby declared to be a legal Market Cross, and to be at the

Place where the King's Street ana Kirk Street in the said Town cross each other), so much and such Part

of the said Goqds and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Cods

and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners

of such Qood9 and Chattels; the said Cods and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Baillie or

Baillies who shall have granted such Warrant respectively.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this Act, the

said Towns of Port Glasgow and Neivark shall be a Market Town ; and it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, to hold weekly Markets at the Market

Cross befGre mentioned, or at any other Part or Place they shall appoint and direct within the Bounds and

Limits aforesaid; and also to make such Bye-laws, Rules, and Regulations, as they shall judge necessary

and proper for regulating, ordering, and governing the said Marker, and to appoint and ordain such Bye-

laws, Rules and Regulations, to be observed and fulfilled, under such Fines and Penalties as the said Bail-

lies, or any one of them, shall award, not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling; to be levied and recovered

as herein-after mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assessments aforesaid shall be laid upon

Dwelling-houses, Shops, Sheds, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaulis, of other Tenements actually possessed,

occupied, and tenanted, at the Time of laying on the fame only, and that the Poficflbr thereof, whether

Proprietor or Tenant, shall be liable for the Payment of the said Assessments ; and that if any Dwelling-

houses, Shops, Sheds, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, which are not possessed at the

Time of laying on the general Assess'ment, shall afterwards, during the Currency of that Year, become

possessed, it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of, the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors,

to meet and assess the fame in Manner before prescribed ; and that it shall be in the Power of the said

Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, if they shall fee Cause for so doing, totally to exempt Houses

of the yearly Rent of twenty*five Shillings Sterling or under from Payment of any Assessments by virtue

of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Rate or Aflbflment

shall be made or levied by virtue of this present Act for the Dry Dock and Sheds at Port Glasgow, belonging

to the Community of the City of Glasgow, nor for what further Sheds may be hereafter built by the said

City, nor for Orchards, Gardens, and other Grounds whereon no Houses or Buildings are erected; and

that the Rents and Revenues therefrom arising shall, in all Time coming, be exempted and freed from

the Payment of the aforesaid Rate or Assess’ment, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

1 XXIII. And, for determining the real Rent of each Dwelling-house, Shop, Shed, Cellar, Vault,

4 Warehouse, other Tenement, liable to the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed by virtue of this

4 Act,’ it is hereby further enacted. That the Tenant or Possessor shall be obliged to declare upon Oarh

the Extent thereof, if required ; which Oath either of the said Baillies are hereby impowered to admini-

fler; and that in case the Possessor or Pofleflors dial! happen to be also Proprietors, he, (he, or they shall

be obliged in like Manner to declare the Price he, (he, or they, or the Person or Persons under whom

he, (he, or they claim, paid for his, her, or their Pofllflion, or what it cost him, her, or them, and he,

(he, or they shall be assess'ed at the Rate aforesaid, according to the Rent, equal to six Pounds Sterling

per Centum of such Price or Costs; or it shall be optional to the said Proprietor or Proprietors to have his,

her, or their Subjects valued by two Men indifferent, difmterefled, on Oath, to be mutually chosen by

them and the said Trustees, according to which Valuation the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay the

aforesaid Assess'ment at the Rate of six Pounds per Centum as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Baillies and Trustees, and

their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall have

Power, and they arc hereby authorised to make Regulations from Time to Time for removing Obstructions

3 and

When AffcAT.

m< nts are to be

letied.

On Refus*J of

Payment, Col.

leflor may feise

Goods, &c,

and fell rite fame

three Days after

Seizure.

WeeklyMarketv

to be htld, dec.

What Hoof-s,

tec. are to be

aiJeffcd.

Exception,

Tenants, See. to

declare the Ex-

tent of the r

Rents, &c.

Obrtrucllona to

be removed.

