6i8

Ju*ymen m»y be

challenged.

Tiurtees im-

pacted to enter

upon and fui-

v«y Lands! See,

Trustees to give

^€01 for

urns as

Jury shall award.

Venlidt of Jury,

Sec. to be bind-

ing on ail Par-

ties

Sheriffs or Co-

roners, for Ne-

Iof Duty, to

forfeit, for each

Offence, 501.

and Jurymen or

WitntffcSj 5I.

Persons givirrg

false Evidence

to bepumshed.

Determinations

of Troffees 10 be

entered in a

Book, and

deemed good

ividcKCC.

Upon Payment

or Tender of the

Sum alieffed,

Lands to be

verted in Truf-

tees*

C. 61. Anno decimo sexto Georgii TIT. A. D. 1776.

return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend the

Service, being of the County or City wherein the Lands in question shall be situate, and qualified as-

aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve ; and all Parties shall and may have their

lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen ; And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them^

are hereby authorised and impowered to enter upon any Lands or Grounds that may be so wanted, to fur-

vey, mark, and set out the fame, and to order the said Jury to view such Place or Places in question a*

shall be thought requisite, and to administer the Oaths to them and to such Person and Persons as {halls

be called upon to give Evidence before them ; and the said Jury so impannelled and sworn shall enquire

into the Value of the Lands and Premisses in question, and award and assess such Damages and Recom-

pence as they shall think fit to the Owner or Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds so to be taken-,

used, applied, or appropriated, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, for the Purehafe of their respective

Eftares and Interests therein i and the said Trustees, or such five or more of them as aforesaid, shall give

Judgment for such Sum or Sums so to be assessed or awarded by such Jury, and I hall by Examination upon.

Oatn as aforesaid, and by all other lawful Ways and Means, hear and finally determine all Manner of Dif-

tes and Controvtrfies which shall happen or arise between any Person or Persons whomsoever, touching any*

Matter or Thing relative to the said Premises, or any Part thereof; which said Verdict, and the Judgment*

Decree, or Determination thereupon, declared or pronounced by the said Trustees, or such five or more

of them as aforesaid, and the Value and Recompence so to be assessed, shall be binding and conclusive

upon all Infants, Femes-coverr, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, as also on all and

every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and against his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administra'ors, Suc-

ceflors, or Assigns, and all others claiming any Title or Interest in the said Ground and Premises; so at

Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of such Meeting of the Jury and Juries be given by any five

or more of the said Trustees, or by any other Person under their Direction or Authority, at least fourteen

Days before every such Meeting, to every Person interested in the Premises, or left in Writing at the

Dwelling-house of such Party interested, or at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode* or with some Te-

nant or Occupier of such Ground, Lands, and Premisses, in case such Owner thereof cannot conveniently

be found to be served with such Notice.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Deputies, or Coroner or Coro-

ners, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recorered in like Manner as the said Penalty on Persons acting as Trustees not

aualified is herein before directed to be recovered : And if any Person or Persons, summoned to give Evi-

dence by virtue of this A&, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as

shall be appointed in a Precept or Summons signed by any two or more of the said Trustees, or by War-

rant or Warrants signed by one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refuse t<s

be sworn by, or give Evidence before, the said Trustees, or such five or more of them as aforesaid, or any

one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace; or if any Person summoned as a Juryman, as afore-

said, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or after his Appearance shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn

shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty in the

Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, every Person so offending in any of the-

Cafes aforesaid (having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons*

who, in any Examination directed to be taken by virtue of this A<5>, shall give false Evidence before the

Mayor of the said City or his Deputy, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Jury to be

impannelled and returned as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame; and upon Convictior?

shall be fuhjed and liable to such and the like Punishments as Persons convicded of wilful and corrupt Per-

jury are by Law subject and liable to.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Sentences, Decrees, Judgments,

and Determinations, so to be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be entered in

a Book to be kept for that Purpose, under the Hands and Seals of such of the said Trustees as shall so make

the fame ; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and

deemed good and sufficient Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity; and all Persons shall and may

have Recourse to the fame, paying for every Inspection the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, and may

also take Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for such Copies after the Rate of Sixpence for

every two hundred Words : And that upon Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed on or

assessed to the Parties concerned, or Tender thereof made at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or if he,

(he, or they, have no such Dwelling-house, then at the House of some Tenant or Occupier of some Part

of the Ground and Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be payable; or if, upon such

Tender as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, then, upon Payment

of such Sum or Sums into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, shall appoint, for the Use of the Parties interested as aforesaid, such Lands, Grounds, or Here-

ditaments, and the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof respectively, shall from thenceforth be vested in

and become the absolute Property of the said Trustees, to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and

then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Agents, Servants,

and Workmen, immediately to enter upon the said Lands, Grounds, and Premises, and to erect, build,

and place, such Light-house or Lighthouses, Buildings, Landmarks, and other necessary Works as arc

herein after mentioned, and shall be thought needful for carrying into Execution and completing the Pur-

poses of this Act, as they the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall judge expedient and re-

quifite for rendering the Navigation into, in* and out of the said Port of Chester, less dangerous, and

more certain* iafe, and commodious; and also to make, or cause to be made, necessary Roads to such

Lighthouse

