A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 38.’

Money, to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit ;*

be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and dftignedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall

have obtained from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Ex-

change, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge

by or under this Act; but the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjourn-

ment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to

their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from

whence he or she shall have been brought, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXXIX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred,

4 conveyed, or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in

4 Custody of Law, or impnToned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Con-

4 veyance, or Alignment, has been frequently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest

4 Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design ;*

be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Sa-

tisfaction of the Court, to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge,

that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part of

his Estate or Efiefts, subsequent to the Time of his Imprisonment, or of his being in Custody of Law,

without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid; every

such Prisoner shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the

Authority of this Act, and shall not be intitled to his or her Discharge.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison

shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to fee

and (peak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners,

whose Names are inferred in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other Newspaper, or

any of them, or any Persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true and

genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners,

together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they, are

detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above

required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so otfend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay, to the

Person so refused and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Pro-

tection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names

of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

4 XLI. And whereas several Persons, who have taken the Benefit of Acts of Insolvency, from a Diffi-

4 culty of obtaining a new Credit to set themselves up in their usual Trades and Occupations, (as their

4 future Effects have been made liable to their Debts previous thereto) have gone Abroad for the better

4 Maintenance of themselves and Families, carrying the Arts and Manufactures of this Country to our

4 Enemies, or Rivals in Trade:* In order to prevent such Evil for the future, be it enacted, That the fu-

ture real Estates, as well Freehold and Copyhold, as customary Copyhold, or Money in the Funds, or lent

upon real Security only, of every such Person or Persons, rrifoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives,

which, after the Time of his, her, or their, total Surrender of his, her, or their Estates and Effects, under

such Acts, he, she, or they, shall or may be seised of, in his, her, or their own Right or Use, by Grant,

Demise, or Purchase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors, as before the

making of this Act; and any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugi-'

tives, may, at any Time hereafter, sue out Execution, Extents, or other Process, against such real Estate

or Money in the Funds as aforesaid, of such Person or Persons, on any Judgment at the Time of such

Discharge recovered, or Statute-staple, or Recognizance acknowledged by, or Decree obtained against,

any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their personal

Estate or Effects, except Money in the Funds obtained or accrued frnce such Time of such Discharge, other

‘than as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or

Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may, at any Time after any such Discharge, commence

and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from

any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or their said Discharge, but shall

not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, or personal

Estate and EffVfts, other than as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive, in Execution, by any Judg-

ment, Sentence, or Decree, which shall have been, or hereafter may be, recovered, or obtained against

any such Prisoner or Fugitive; and any Judge of the Court, out of which such Execution shall issue, shall

have Power to discharge the fame by virtue of this Act: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be here-

after commenced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no

Benefit or Advantage shall be had or taken for that the Cause of Action did not accrue within three Years

next before the commencing of any such Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute or Limitation be pleadable,

or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced

by any such Creditor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such Cause of Action or

Suit did not accrue within three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under

this Act; and, in any such Cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Execu-

tors, or Administrators.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fugitive by

Force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or w ere Partner or Partners in Trade with any such

4 D z Prisoner

j69

Person* who, by

false Pretences,

have obtlined

Money, Cools,

Sec. excluded the

Benefit of this

Act.

Ahy Person

having fold or

afljgned any Part

of his Estate or

Effedls, after

being in Custo-

dy, with Design

to defraud his

Creditors, shall

lose the Benefit

of this Act.

Gaoler to per-

mit the speak-

ing in private to

Prisoners, whose

Names are in-

ferted in the

Lift, or Gazette,

Sec.

and the examin-

ing original

Books of En-

tries, Sec,

on Penalty of

40 1. with Costs

of Suit.

Prisoners future

Estates, or Mo-

ney in the

Fund?, notwith-

standing their

personal Dif-

charge, liable to

Creditors ;

who may sue ont

Execution, but

not against their

Persons, or per*

fonal Effects,

See,

Creditors may

sue for the Rea

covcry of Debts

due at the Time

of Prisoner*!

Discharge,

but not bold the

Prisoner to fpc-

cial Bail,

nor take his

Person, Sec. by

any Judgment

recovered against

him.

No Advantage.

to be taken of,

the Cause of ,

Action not a«-.

cruing within

3 Yeirs, Scc.

Exception.

Discharge of

Prisoner no Ac*

quittal to hi*

boogie

