96 C. 53—56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. *774-

cap. liii. ;,a

An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Hundred

of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of in the <aid

County.

CAP. LIV. '

An Act for the better providing fuirable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty’s

Service in North

Frtamble,

Pferfons avtho-

rifed by Law, in

America, to pro-

vide Quarters,

where none are

provided, for

Officers and

Soldiers.

Governor of the

Province to give

Orders for Quar-

ters for Officers

and Soldiers.

Continuance

of this A&.

WHEREAS Doubts have been entertained, whether Troops can be quartered otherwise than in

Barracks, in case Barracks have been provided sufficient for the quartering of all the Officers and

4 Soldiers within any Town, Township, City, District, or Place, within his Majesty’s Dominions in

4 North America: And whereas it may frequently happen, from the Situation of fitch Barracks, that, if

4 Troops should be quartered therein, they would not be stationed where their Presence may be necessary

4 ahd required Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Jby and with the Advice ana

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, in such Cafes, it shall and may be lawful for the Persons who now

are, or may be hereafter, authorised by Law, in any of the Province? within his Majesty’s Dominions in

North Americay and they are hereby respectively authorised* impqwered, and directed, on the Requisition

of the Officer who, for the Time being, has the ComiTiaqd of his Majesty’s Forces in North Americay to

cause any Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty’s Service ta he quartered and billetted in such Manner as is

now directed by Law, where no Barracks are provided b^the Colonies.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefajfnat if it shall happen at any Time that

any Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty’s Service (hairremain within any of the said Colonies without

Quarters, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after finch Quarters shall have been demanded, it shall and

may be lawful for the Governor of the Province ro order and direct such and so many uninhabited Houses,

Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, as he shall think necessary to be taken (making a reasona&le Al-

lowance for the fame), and made fit for the Reception of such Officers and Soldiers, and to put and

quarter such Officers and Soldiers therein, for such Time as he shall think proper.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein

contained, shall continue and be in Force, in all his Majesty’s Dominions in North Americay until the

twenty-fourth Day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. LV.

An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen* in the City of

Brijiohy and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for making and establishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hully for

the better securing his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and for the Benefit of Com-

merce in the Port of Kingston upon Hulls for making a Bason or Dock, with Refcrvoirs,

Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port*

and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain

Sums of Money out of his Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; and

for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon

Hull.

Preamble. 4 WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King

redtc?Gar * Charles the Second, intituled, An Atfor preventing Fraudsy and regulating AbuJeSy in his Majesty s

rcc> c 4 Customs; reciting, amongst other Things, That, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the first

4 Year of Queen Elizabttb of famous Memory, diredinp when and where Merchamiife should be landed,

and Customs paid, it was, amongst divers other Things, enacted and ordained. That ho Goods,

4 Wares, or Merchandise, should be shipped or loaden aboard any Ship or Vefiel, or landed or discharg-

4 ed out of or from any Ship or Vessel, but in or upon some such open Place, Quay, or Wharf,

4 Places, Quays, or Wharfs (except the Port of Hull)* as her Highness, her Heirs and Successors,

4 should therefore assign and appoint, by virtue of her Highness’s Commission or Commissions with-

in the Port of London, and in all Ports, Creeks, Havens, or Roads: And also reciting. That,

4 rotwithstanding the aforesaid A<£t, there were some Ports, Creeks, and Places, where Customers,

4 Collectors, and Comptrollers, and Searchers, and their Servants, had then. Time out of Mind,

4 been resident, to which no such Commissions were sent, nor Places, Quays, or Wharfs ap-

4 pointed, as by the said Avft was directed: And further reciting. That since that Time, by reason

4 of the Alteration of Rivers, Streams, Channels, and Sands, some Places then appointed were be-

4 come unfit and useless, and others much more convenient and commodious, as well, for Traffick and

4 . 4 Commerce

