169

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78.

beyond the original Line of the Houses in the Street or Way in* which the fame {hall be or is erefled; and

such covered Way shall be covered with Stone, Lead, Copper, Slate, Tile, or Tin; and neither the said

covered Way, nor the Cornice or Dressings to any Shop-window, nor the Roof of any such Portico, shall

be higher than the under Side of the Sill of the Window-frame of the one Pair of Stairs Window of

the Building to which the fame belongs: And that no Water shall be suffered to drip next to anypub- Water how to

lick Street, Square, Place, Court, or Way, from the Roof of any Building of the First, Second, Third beco^eyed

Of Fourth Rate or Class of Building, to be built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June> except from rom 00 *'

the Roofs of Porticoes or other Entrances; but all Water from such Roofs shall be conveyed by Lead,

Copper, Tin, or Iron Gutters or Pipes, or all, or either, or any of them, or by Wooden Trunks, or

Brick or Stone Funnels, to the Drains or Channel Stones, now made, or hereafter to be made, on or be-

low the Surface of the Ground, for that Purpose, or to some Cistern or other Reservoir made to receive

the fame, or to any Front of such Building not abutting upon any publick Street or Way; and no such

Brick or Stone Funnel shall, after the Time aforesaid, be made or built, unless the fame shall be in every

Part thereof below the Surface of the Foot Pavement before the fame, nor shall any such Wooden Trunk,

after the said Time, be fixed, unless the fame be, in every Part thereof, below the Tops of the Win-

dows of the Ground Story. # #

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bow-window or other Pro- No Bow-wJn-

je&ion shall, after the Time aforesaid, be built with, or added to, any Building of the First, Second, dow* to be built

Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, next to any publick Street, Square, Court, or Way, so as *ondthcLi^c

*0 extend beyond the general Line of the Fronts of the Houses in such publick Street, Square, Court, or of the street.

Way, in which such Bow-window or other Projedlion is made; except such Projections as may bene- except Projcc-

ceflary for Copings, Cornices, Facias, Door and Window Dreftings, or for open Porticoes, Steps, or tiom for Deco-

Iron Pallifades; and also except such Window to any Shop or Shops on the Ground-floor Story of any *a*ion,v

such Building, the Stall-boards of which Windows shall not, in any Street or Way thirty Feet wide or aiJst^.nboudi.

more, project above ten Inches, nor in any Street or Way less than thirty Feet wide, above five Inches

from the upright Line of the TJuilding in such Street or Way respectively: And no Cornice or Covering

thereof to any such Shop-window shall, in any Street or Way thirty Feet wide or more, project more

♦han fffifrtcen1 Inches, nor in any Street or Way less than thirty Feet wide more than thirteen Inches from

the upright Line of^ the Building to which such Shop-window belongs: And that no Bow-window or Materials of

other Projection, except as before excepted, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of Juney be built with, Bow-windows

or added to, the Front of any Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, and Projection*

unless the fame, and the Columns and Pilasters (if any) which support the fame, be built of the several

Materials herein-before directed to be used in all external Walls, or external Inclosures.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat Saving to Com-

the Powers granted to any Commissioners for paving any Streets or other Places within the Limits afore- pal^ners

said, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or to the Commissioners of the Sewers for the City of London. a',ng*

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every external Wall, or other external Old externa!

Inclosure, to any Building, which is built, or begun to be built, before the said twenty-fourth Day of Wails or incio-

Jkw, not being of the several Materials in and by this A& required for external Walls, or external In- pVired^hh the"

cloftires, thereafter to be built, may be at all Times thereafter repaired with the fame Sort or Sorts of fame Material*

Materials as the Materials of which such external Wall, or other external Inclosure, is ereefted (except

the external Inclosures of Roofs, Flats, Gutters, and of the Dormers, Turrets, and Lanthorn Lights, or

other Erections on the fame, which shall be repaired with the Materials herein-before directed for the

fame); but in case any such external Wall, or other external Inclosure, be at any Time hereafter taken

down, or otherwise demolished to the Breflummer or one Pair of Stairs Floor, or the Place where the

Breflummer is usually fixed, then every Part of the fame, not being built of the several Materials in and

by this Act required for external Walls, or other external Inclosures, thereafter to be erected, shall be

taken down, and the fame shall be entirely rebuilt of such Materials, and in such Manner, in all Refpc&s,

as in and by this Ac5t required for all external Walls, or other external Inclosures, thereafter to be built,

according to the Rate or Class of Building to which such Wall, or other external Inclosure, belongs.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bow-window, or other Projection, NoBow-winddw

made or built before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall be at any Time thereafter rebuilt, except or lVojtAiun to

Yuch Projections as are in and by this Act allowed, unless such Bow-window, or other Projection, was originally builV

built at the fame Time the House or Building to which the fame belongs was built, or unless such Bow- or within the

Window, or other Projection, be within the original Line of the Street, Square, Place, Court, or Way, Lin- of the

in which the fame is ercCted. ———-—* Street, &c.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Stack of Warehouses to be ereCted No Stack of

after the said twenty-fourth Day o{June, shall contain more than thirty-five Squares of Building on the 'vRoutes to

Ground Plan thereof, including all the external and internal Walls, and so much of the Party-walls, if s uareVindud

any, as belong to such Stack of Warehouses; and no Enlargement shall be at any time thereafter made to ing internaUn*

any Stack of Warehouses already built or begin!, so as to increase the fame beyond the said thirty-five external Wall*

Squares on the Ground Plan, including such walls as aforesaid, except such Stack of Warehouses be fe-

parated and divided by one or more Party-wall or Party-walls, built, in every RefpeO, according to the

Directions herein-before contained concerning Party-walls, into Divisions of not more than thirty-five

Squares each, including such Walls as aforesaid on the Ground Plan of such Warehouses; and thut no NoCommunfci-

Stack of Warehouses (nail communicate with any other Warehouse or BuilJing through a Party-wail, j;on thrown

unless the Door-case and Sill of every such Communication be of Stone, and unless theic be to every such

Communication a Door of wrought Iron, of the Thickness of a Quarter of an Inch at lend in the Pan- Donnies .»r.4

nels thereof; and no Timber, Bond, or Lintel, shall be Uid into the Brick-work of any W ali in any such iron Dcnrs.

Stack of Warehouses nearer than eighuen Inches to the Opening of such Communication. No Timber

Vojl. XIL Z LIV. And *i l,flV;nclut

©I lucx Dcor.

