A. D. 1775. Anno decimo qumto Georgii III. C. 43.

aforesaid, not only in the said Hamlet where such Rate or Assessment was made, but in any other Place

in the County of Aiiddlesex; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then upon

Oath thereof made before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any other County, City,

Liberty, or Place (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand of the said Justice or Justices on the War-

rant made for such Distress), the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing or neglecting to pay shall

be subject and liable to such Distress in such other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the fame (lull

be found, and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, he distrained and fold, in the fame

Manner as it the fame had been found within the said Hamlet of Highgate,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and 01 ay be lawful to and for the said Truf-

tees, or any five or more of them, from Time to.Time, as they shall judge fit and nccefiary, at any of

their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to compound with, or in Part or wholly to remit, to

any Person or Persons so rated or alftlfed as aforesaid, and who shall or may at any Time hereafter, on

account of his, her, or their Poverty, Disability, or Distress be exempted from or excused the Payment

of the Church and Poor’s Rates, or either of them, in the said Hamlet, all such Sum or Sums of Money

which he or they shall be so rated or afleifed as aforesaid, when and as often as it shall from Time to Time

be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, that

such Person or Persons, so rated or aHefied as aforesaid, is or are, on account of such his, her, or their

Poverty, Distress, orJnability, real and proper Objects of such Compofuion or Exemption.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates and Assessments shall em-

bezzle, detain, or misapply, any Sum pr Sums of Money which shall be so collected by him, so that the

fame cannot be recovered from him; or shall be poflcfied of any Sum or Sums of Money by him col-

lected by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be paid or recovered from his Executors or Admini-

strators for the Space of forty Days after his Death; then, and in every such Cafe, all such Sums of Mo-

ney shall be raised by a new Rate or Airdlfnent, to be made for that Purpose on the Inhabitants of the

said Hamlet, and shall be collected and levied in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are herein-

before provided for the collecting and levying the Rates and Assessments which shall be made in purfu-

ance of this Act, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XVII. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may be forthwith raised to defray the Ex-

4 pences of lighting and watching the said Hamlet/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

ful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums

of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds,

at Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum tier Annum \ and to assign over by Writing, signed by

any five or more of the said Trustees, all or any rart of the said Rates or Assessments, as a Security for

the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; and all such Securities

may from Time to Time be assigned and transferred by Indorsement, or otherwise ; and fuc h Alignments

and Transfers shall intitle the Person to whom the fame shall be made to all Principal and Interest Money

due, and to grow due, upon such Securities.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Securities for any Money to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be

Hi the following Words, or Words to the following Effect:

4 HY virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kinf* George the Third,

4 aJ For Lighting and Watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex, We

4 of the Trustees, do assign to A. J3. his Executors,

4 Administrators, and Aligns, in Consideration of the Sum of from this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 until the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

4 per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments, to be rated or afr

4 sessed by virtue of the said A&, as the said Sum of shall bear to the

4 whole Sum advanced on the Credit of the fame.’

327

Trustees may

compound nr

remit the Rate

to Prrfon9 un-

able to f i.)*

How Rates may

be ma le good if

Collectors detain

or misapply Mo-

ney.

Trustees I-n-.

powernl tabor*

row Money, not

exceed jig 5001.

and may alTign

the Rate* as a

Sccuriy.

Form of Seen*

rity.

And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the 4 Copies of Se-

Glerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed after such first Meeting, unless Notice for cti" bf

that Purpose be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Chapel Door of the said Hamlet at Icaft fourteen p"r*£c 4

Days before the borrowing thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities may.

Securities shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be inti tied to the Money thereby secured. may from beaiiigned.

Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, assign or trans-

fer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest. or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to

any Person or Persons wnomsoever, by proper Words of Assignment, to be inJorfed on the Back of such

Security, in the Presence of one credible Witness ; which Transfer or Assignment shall be in the follow-*

ing Words, or Words to the like Effect;

4 T DO transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby fe- Form of Assign*,

4: I cured, unto his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: In Witness ment*

4 whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

4 Witness C. /. A. B:

Which said Transfer or Assignment shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, who £,erk to rra*

shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of such Assignment or Transfer, containing the Dates,*

Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, for which

the said Clerkflull be paid such Sum as=tbe said Txuftees, or.any five or more of them, shall appoint, not'

exceeding.

