35°

All Persons in

Airear may be

comprised in oae

V arrant, or

Schedule there-

to.

All Places of

Worship, void

Spaces of

Ground, &c.

may berated, not

exceed,np. 6a, per

fijuare Yard, &c.

By whom such

Kates arc to be

paid.

Kates may be

rr covert d by

Action.

Waste or vacant

Cround to be

fenced in at ihe

Exience of iLe

Owner,

In rtfr: of Ne-

fled>, by whom

to be done, and

at who.e Ex-

pence,

•Occvpiers qn»t-

tjr.g l>n.rm r.ts,

&c. without pay-

ing rates may

be followed.

Perform paying

th J'e Rat<*s rx-

err pttd from a!l

other E> peaces

«f paving.

C. 54., Anno deckno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1775,

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful to comprise in every such Warrant of Distress, or by Schedule thereto, the several Persons in

Arrear for the said Rates, or for any Part or Share thereof, so to be proportioned or divided as aforesaid,

so as the said respe&ive Per Tons be particularly named therein, with the respective Sums in Arrears and

when due, and when any Copy shall be demanded of such Warrant, a Copy thereof, with the Name of

the Person demanding the fame, and the Sum or Sums of Money thereby required to be levied of him, ex-

tradted from such Schedule, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a complete and perfect Copy of

such Warrant, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwith (land ins.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and

For the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall

be made, to rate and assess, for the Purposes aforesaid, all Churches, Churchyards, Meeting-houses, and

other Places of publick Worship, or intended for that Purpose, with the Ground belonging thereunto,

Hospitals, Prisons, and all other publick Buildings whatsoever; and also all Buildings whilst erecting and

unfinished, and all void and unoccupied Spaces of Ground fenced in, or otherwise situate and being in,

or abutting upon, the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, to be rated as aforesaid, at such Rate as the

said Commissioners shall adjudge reasonable, but not exceeding Sixpence by the Year for every square Yard

of Pavement lying in the Front of such Premises, to be measured to the middle Line of the Street: And

such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from Time to Time made, fluII be paid in such

Parts and Proportions as shall be ordered, directed, or appointed, by the said Commissioners, by the re-

spedhve Persons after mentioned ; (that is to say,) For every Church and Churchyard by the Church-

wardens thereof; for every vacant Piece of Ground by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprie-

tors thereof; for every Meeting-house, and other Place of publick Worship, by the Proprietor or Pro-

prietors, Trustee or Trustees, or their Treasurer, Minister, or Deacon, or other Person officiating there-

in ; and for every Hospital, Prison, or other publick Building, by the Treasurer, Ma(ier, or Keeper

thereof; which Rates they are hereby severally aiuhorifed and impowered to advance and pay out of the

Monies to be received by them respectively in their several Trusts or Offices: And the said last-mentioned

Rates and Assessments, as well as all other the Rates and Affcfirnents hereby imposed, or any Part there-

of, {hall and may likewise be recovered of the Person or Persons so required to pay the fame (as also of

the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons in titled to or for whose Use

the Rents and Profits of the Premises, for which the said Rates are in Arrear, have been theretofoie usually

received, as to one-third Part thereof, and the Whole of such Rales in Arrear, when the Premises are or

have been usually occupied by two or more Tenants, or let out in separate Apartments), by Action or

Suit, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at or in any inferior Court, together with

Costs of Suit; which said Action shall be prosecuted in the Name of the Collector, or such other Person

as the said Commissioners {hall appoint in general to piofccute such Suits.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Landlords, Owners, Tenants,

or Occupiers, of any waste or vacant Piece of Ground, or Scite of any House or Tenement lying in or

adjoining to any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places, comprised in this Act, which shall lie open and un-

fenced from the same; or when the Pence shall be in a ruinous Condition, or out of Repair, shall within

fix Days after Notice delivered to him, her, or them, or any or either of them, by Order of the said

CommuTioners, well and fufHciently fence in the Premises mentioned in such Notice, or cause the old

Fence (if any) to be well and fufHciently repaired within the Time aforesaid : And in case such Work shall

not be completely finished within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners

to order and cause the fame to be done, completed, and fini(hcd ; and the Tenant or Occupier thereof,

or other Person in Possession thereof, or ftifed thereof, to whom such Notice as aforesaid shall have been

given, shall pay the Expence thereof upon Demand of the Person authorised by the said Commissioners to

receive the same; and in case of Refulal or Neglect to pay the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the

said Commissioners to bring, commence, and prosecute one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in

2ny of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wcjimlnjhr, or other inferior Court, for the Recovery of such

Expence, together with Coils of Suit from the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay as

aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be h further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons

shal! quit the Occupation of any of the Hlefluages, Lands, Tenements, and other the Premises so rated

and a lib fled as aforesaid, before he, flic, or they shall have paid his, her, or their laid Rate ; that then, and

in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by

the said Commissioners for such Purposes to levy the same by Diitrcls and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or moie Justices of the Peace adding in and for the said

County (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and aie hereby authorised and impowered to grant),

into 2ny Place within their respcdtive fuiifdibtions, or out of the Limits thereof (such Warrant being tuft

backed or countcifigned by foine Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be

made), and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus if any such shall be), after deducting the reasonable

Charges and Expences of such Distiefs and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon De-

mand of the fame.

XXXV711. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person or Persons

p?ying the Rates and Assessments, by this Act laid ami addled, within the Streets, Lanes, and Places to be

paved as aforesaid, shall be, and they, and every of them, is and are hereby exempted and discharged from

ai! other Charges and Expences of paving the fame Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof,

and also from all Pmalti s which may or might be incuried by Rcaion or Means of their neglecting to

pave the (amc refi edtively, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 XXXVIII. Provided

