THE

A

STATUTES at Large,&c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Quarto.

AT the Parliament'begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thou-

sand (even hundred and sixty-eight, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

c X V. GEORGE the Third, by"the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Fiance, and Ireland, King, ‘

Defender of the Faith, tfr.

c And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-four j being the sevenih Session of the thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

e a p. i.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-iour. 3 r.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. V.

An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s

Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last:

Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of

Corn), allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the

Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread, Biscuit, and Peafej and to allow the Ex-

portation of all the said Articles- to the Island of Alderney.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An At7 to regulate premWe.

the Importation and Exportation of Corn)% it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That when- AO 13 Gm» j*

ever the Price of middling British) Wheat, at any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain,

from whence the fame should be intended to be exported, should appear to be at or above the Price of

Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, such Price being ascertained in Manner in the said Act before men-

tioned, no Person or persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or con-

vey, or cause or procure so to be, out of or from any such Port or Place; or load or lay on board, or%

cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vest'el or Boat, in order to be ex-

ported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, or Malt, Bread,

JBifcuit, or Starch, made of Wheat 5 and whenever the Price of middling Britisho Rye, Peafc, or Beans,

or of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or of middling British Oats, should respectively appear at

such Port or Place to be at or above the several distinct Prices in the said Act particularly mentioned,

no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry or convey, or

V ol. XII. B c C*use

