372

This A& net to

extend to hinder

any Person from

making or using

any Fire Engine,

&c. which is not

the present In-

vention of the

said Janies Walt.

Proviso.

The Privileges

granted by this

At\ not to be

transferred to

more than 5

Persons

cn Penalty of

forfeiting the

fame.

Publick Act.

Preamble.

C. 62. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

their Contempt of this AS; and further, to be answerable to the said James Watt, his Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That nothing in this AS contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to prejudice or hinder any Person or Persons from making or using any Fire or Steam

Engine, or any particular Contrivance relating to the fame, which is not at present of the Invention of the

said James Watt, or which has been publickly used or exercised by any other Person or Persons before the

Time of the Date of the said Letters Patent herein recited ; but that all such Engines and Contrivances

which are not at present of the said Invention of the said James Watty or are not particularly specified \n

, this%Act, shall be and remain to the Publick, and to the respeSive Inventors thereof, as if this AS had

never been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That every ObjeSion in Law competent against the said Patent, shall be competent

against this AS to all Intents and Purposes, except so far as relates to the Term hereby granted.

IV. Provided always, That if the said James Watty his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any

Person or Persons who shall at any Time, during the said Term of twenty-five Years, have or claim any

Rfghr, Title, or interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, or Authority, of the

foie Use and Benefit of the said Invention, shall make any Transfer or Alignment, or pretended Transfer

or Assignment, of the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit or

Profits thereof; or shall declare any Trust thereof to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number

of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for publick Subscriptions, to be made

by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of

Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or

themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of money whatsoever, of any

Number of Persons exceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes;

or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body; or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby

granted, into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to

Decommitted or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Per-

fons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the fix th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to* be granted by his

Majesty, by two CharterSy for Ajjurance of Ships and Merchandises at Seay and for lending Money upon Bot-

tomry , and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned \ or in case the

said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become veiled in or in Trust for more than the

Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one Time, otherwise than by Devise or Succef-

iion (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Persons whom they represent, as to

such interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such their Testator or Intestate); that then,

and in every of the said Cafes, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted shall utterly cease,

determine, and become void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Town of Mevagijfiy, in the County

of Cornwall.

* WJ HERE A S the Town of Mevagiffey, in the County of Cornwall is situated on the South Side of

4 VV the said County, contiguous to the British Channel, and hath been for a long Series of Years

4 found a very convenient Situation for carrying on the Pilchard Fishery ; and the fame has been done to

4 the great Advantage, not only of the Publick in general, but of many Persons concerned or employed

4 therein; and for the Safety and Protection of Vessels employed in the said Fishery, and others who

4 might have Occasion to navigate to and from the said Town, a small Pier was formerly erected and kept

4 in Repair by the Owner of the Ground and Soil near to the fame; and certain small Dues were taken

4 from the Owners of all such Vessels as partook of the Protection thereof: And whereas the said Pier

4 having been found very incommodious, difficult of Access, and inadequate to the Increase of the said

4 Fishery, and the Resort of Vessels to the said Town, the fame hath been suffered to fall into Ruin and

4 Decay ; and it hath been judged necessary to erect a new Pier upon a more extended and enlarged Plan;

4 for which Purpose the Sum of one thousand three hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, hath been subscribed

4 and paid ; which hath been expended in executing Part of the Work intended to be carried into Execu-

4 tion; and in order to make and erect the proper Embankments, Quays, Wharfs, Ways, Passages, and

4 Approaches to the said Pier, and for the Protection thereof, it is nqcefTary to vest in Commissioners the

4 Soil of a sufficient Quantity of Ground ; and for that End, and for completing the several Works afore-

4 said, and in making Satisfaction to the Owners of the Ground and Soil which will be used in effecting

4 the fame, it hath been found, that the further Sum of three thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, will be

4 necessary ; and that, by laying a reasonable Tonnage or Duty on all Ships and other Vessels which shall

4 partake of the Benefits resulting from the said Improvements, not only the said further Sum, but the

4 interest thereof, and of the Sums already advanced, may be kept down, and the said Pier and Works at

4 all Times kept and maintained in good and sufficient Repair; 'yet, nevertheless, the good Ends and

# 4 Purposes

