A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. ’ C. 84, 85. 187

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority, aforesaid, That every Ordinance so to be Ordinance*

made, shall, within six Months, be transmitted by the Governor, or, in his Absence, by the Lieutenant-

governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and laid before his Majesty for his Royal Appro- jesty for hi* a^*

nation; and if his Majesty shall think fit to disallow thereof, the fame shall cease and be void from the probation.

Time that his Majesty’s Order in Council thereupon shall be promulgated at Quebec.

XV. Provided also, That no Ordinance touching Religion, or by which any Punfthment may be in- Ordinance*

stifled greater than Fine or Imprisonment for three Months, shall be of any Force or Effect, until the

fame shall have received his Majesty’s Approbation. ?n°For©ewithout

hi* Majesty* Approbation.

XVI. Provided also, That no Ordinance shall be passed at any Meeting of the Council where less than WhenOrdinan.

a Majority of the whole Council is present, or at any Time except between the fi.ft Day of "January and ce« are to be pai-

the first Day of May, unless upon some urgent Occasion, in which Cafe every Member thereof resident bY Maj°-

at Quebec^ or within fifty Miles thereof, shall be personally summoned by the Governor, or, in his Ab- rily'

fence, by the Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, to attend the fame.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Nothing toHin-

tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or der hi* Majesty

their Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from erecting, constituting, and appointing, 5? conllltfu^

such Courts of Criminal, Civil, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within and for the said Province of Quebec, ^inii*civi”ani

and appointing, from Time to Time, the Judges and Officers thereof, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Eccieilafticai

ceftors, shall think necessary and proper for the Circumstances of the said Province. Jurisdiction.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or All Aflsfor-

be construed to extend, to repeal or make void, within the said Province of Quebec, any Act or Acts of he«b ^nfoicS

the Parliament of Great Britain heretofore made, for prohibiting, restraining, or regulating, the Trade whhin the Pro*

or Commerce of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America \ hut that all and every the said Acts, vince.

and also all Acts of Parliament heretofore made concerning or respecting the said Colonies and Planta-

tions, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, in Force, within the said Piovince of Quebec, and every

Part thereof.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to prevent certain Inconveniencies that may happen by Bills of Naturalization.

WHEREAS it hath been found that many Persons, born out of the Allegiance of the Preamble.

Crown of Great Britain, obtain Bills of Naturalization for the Purpose of availing them-

4 selves in foreign Countries of the Immunities and Indulgences belonging to his Majesty’s trading Sub-

4 jeds, by Treaties, or otherwise; and in order to apply the said Immunities and Indulgences to promote

the Trade of the Country to which the Persons so naturalized originally belonged, and not with any

Design of fixing their Residence in Great Britain, or of becoming useful Subjects thereof: And whereas

4 it is neither just nor expedient to permit such Abuses of the true Intent of Naturalization \ may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s nfoft Excellent

Majesty, oy and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall hereafter be Person* how t*

naruralized, unless in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose there shall a Clause or Proviso inserted to be n»tu«iiied

declare that such Person shall not thereby obtain, or become intitled to claim, within any foreign Coun- kcreafler*

try, any of the Immunities or Indulgences in Trade which are or may be enjoyed or claimed therein by

natural-born British Subjects, by virtue of any Treaty, or otherwise, unless such Person shall have in-

habited and resided within Great Britain, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, for the Space of seven

Years, subsequent to the fiift Day of the Session of Parliament in which the said Bill of Naturalization

shall have passed, and shall not have been absent out of the fame for a longer S^.ce than two Months, at

any one Time, during the said seven Years $ and that no Bill of Naturalization shall hereafter be re-

ceived, in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Proviso be first inserted or contained therein.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund;

and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-four \ and for further appropriating the Supplies granted

in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money

which hath arisen by the two Sevenths Excise \ and for enabling the Barons of the Ex-

chequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of five hun-

dred Pounds to Lady Ann Mackenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of seventy-

rwo thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in

Scotland*

Mtji Gracious Sovereign^

4 XT7E, your Majesty"s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 YV altembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which ;we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

a 0 z

jetty

