568

Persons <fif-

charged by this

Alt, not liable

to Impr fonment

for Debts, &c.

contradUd be-

fore Jan. it,

*77®

Hut no Prisontr

to be discharged

of Debts subse-

quent thereto.

Justices, Ac. may

pjead this Alt

to any Allion

brought against

them, and re-

cover Treble

CotU.

Persons dif-

charged may

plead generally,

Ac. to all Ac-

tions or Judg-

ments brought

against them be-

fore Jan. %z,

1776, Ac.

and in other

Suits, may plead

in Discharge of

their Persons

from Execution.

Plaintiff" may

reply generally,

Ac.

hut if nonsuited,

to piy Treble

Cost*.

Attorniesor Ser-

vants embex-

eling Money,

Ac. excluded the

B^n^t of this

Act.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

fclf, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convi£led thereof, he,

(he, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be dischargeJ by this

Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisonsd by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained foi Pay-

ment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, con-

traded, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty -second Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such De-

cree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be

lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such

Prisoner’s Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as

aforesaid; and shall, at the fame Time, order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Suit or Suits, to pay such

Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, (he, or they, shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof

as to such Judge shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do on

such PrisonePs causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

4 XXXIV. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done

4 with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts,

4 as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; to remedy which/ be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts

subsequent to the twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six ; and if it

shall appear to the Justices, in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying

to them to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said

twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, that in such Cafes, it shall

and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge him or her of all Debts previous to the said twenty-

second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and to remand him or her back to

the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he

or (he (lands charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said twenty-second Day of January one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-six.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any

Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any

Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Aff, they may plead the General Issue, and give

this Act in Evidence 3 and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against

him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have 'Preble Costs.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire facias, or A £1 ion of

Debt, or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Admi-

nistrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance

acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-six, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas,

as aforesaid, upon the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, it

shall be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally

that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit, or was or were beyond

the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or

Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place, for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City,

Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Cafe is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any

other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums

of Money, due before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six,

to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid),

that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Cafe shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-

second Day of January one thousand (even hundred and seventy-six, without pleading any other Matter

especially ; where to the Plaintiff shall or may renly generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid,

or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (new the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit

of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied,

in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the

Plaintiff’ be nonsuited, discontinue his Acftion, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the

Defendant to have Treble Costs.

XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons aifting or

pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall (land charged for any

Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons,

Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons aeftin^ as such,

embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or

Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with

which he, (lie, or they, shall (land charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects,

received (ft posseffed by him, her, or them, for the Use, and on account of his, her, or their Mailer or

Mnfters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her,

or their own Ule; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, have,

4 by various subtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money,

4 Goods, Waxes, Merchandises, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, PromiUory Notes, or other Securities for

4 1 Money,

