A.D. 1-77Anno decfmo (cxto Georgii Ifl.

C. 36

555

Tofticei for die

County, jn cer-

tain Cafes, may

put this Act in

Execution.

Hows Major or'

Justice* to pro-

ceed, in case

Offender eTeapot

into another

County, 6oc+

tion for the said Borough of Saint Ives, thete to remairi and be kdpt to hardXahour fbf dny Time not ex-

ceeding three Months, as such Justice shall order, drileffe the Money, Which shall be forfeited by such

Offender or Offenders, shall be sooner paid.

4 XLI. And whereas it may happen that the Mayor and Justices of the said Borough of Saint Ives may

c be interested in the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by Disobedience to this Aft/ be it therefore

enacted, That, in all such Cafes, any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall shall

have the like Jurisdiction, and the like Power and Authority, as by this Act is gfiven to the Mayor or any

Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Saint Ives.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons, against whom any War-

rant or Warrants shall be issued by the said Mayor or Justice of Peace, either before or after Conviction as

aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, Rid-

ing, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of such rerfon granting such

Warrantor Warrants as aforesaid; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender, convicted of any Of-

fence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town,

or Place, thin where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted, it (Ball and may

be* lawful for the said Mayor or Justice of the Peace so granting such Warrant or Warrants, or any Juf-

tice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, into which such

Rnffon or Persons shall escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his, her, or their Goods and

Chattels shall be; after such Conviction 5 and they, and every of them, are hereby required, upon -

Proof made upon Oath of the Hand-writing of the said Mayor or Justice granting such Warrant or War-

rants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and the feme, when so indorsed, shall be-

a sufficient Authority to all Peace-officers to execute such Warrant or Warrants in such other County,

Riding, Division,. City, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant

ot Warrants; and the said Mayor and Justices respectively, or any of them, as the Cafe shall happen, after

indorfine the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before

the fafd Mayor or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, direct the Offender

to be carried to the Person who granted the said Warrant or Warrants, to be dealt with according.-

to Law.

*XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be puniftxed for

any* Offence against this Act, unless a Prosecution shall be commenced against him or them for the fame

within two Months after every such Offence shall be committed; and that, where any Person or Persons

shall be committed to any House of Correction for Default of Payment, or for Wantof sufficient Distress

being met with to answer any Penalty incurred by any Offence against this Act* and shall remain there

during the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, no such Person or Persons shall be

liable afterwards to be prosecuted again for Non-payment of such Money forfeited.

XLIV. Provided also, That the Mayor of the said Borough of Saint Ives for the Time being, and any . Small Perta!t!e*-

Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be brought and convicted of any Offence against this may bemiti-

Act, shall and may, from Time to Time, as he or they shall fee Occasion, mitigate any of the Penalties Slted*

under the Sum of ten Pounds hereby inflicted; and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Dif-

ebarge to the Person offending for so much of the Penalty under the Sum of ten Pounds as shall be so

mitigated.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor of the said Borough of How justice* to

Saint Ives for the Time being, and the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Person shall be con- proceed lorCon- -

vifted by virtue of this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the viaionofOf-

Effect following; (that is to say) fender*.

Pfofeentrone ter

be commenced

within 1 Month*

after Qffencea-

committed.

7 c DE it remembered, That, on this Day of in the Year of the Reign

Towir, S* U cf ? is convicted, before [Mayor of the Borough of

Saint Ives, one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of or Borough

4 or City of as the Cafe shall happen to beJ for and do adjudge him, her,

4‘ or them, [as the Cafe shall be J to pay and forfeit the Sum of

4 Given under* my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above said.’

XLVI. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who

shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Conviction of any Justice of the Peace for the Bo-

rough of Saint Ives, for any Offence committed against this Act, to appeal to the next General or Quarter

Section to be holden for the Borough of Saint Ives; and for any Person or Persons, who shall think him,

her, or themselves aggrieved by the Conviction of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Cornwall,

for any Offence committed against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Corn-

wall, at the next General or Quarter Sections; the Person or Persons so appealing, first entering into a

Recognizance, in double the Sum of Money forfeited, before such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, to pro--

fecute such Appeal with Effect, and abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal,

and giving eight Days Notice in Writing of every such Intention to appeal to the Party or Parties on

whose Prosecution any such Conviction was made: And the Justices of the said Borough and County, as

the Cafe shall happen to be, are hereby authorised and required, in their next General Quarter Session

after any such Appeal shall be made, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal; and to make

such Order, and to award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable;

and for levy, by their Order pr.Warrant, the Colts which shall be so awarded, together with such Money

as th^y shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Per-

fons who shall refuse to pay the fame;' and for Want of sufficient Distress, to commit the Party or Parties

to*

Form of Con-

viction.

Persons agener—

ed may appeal (»

ihc Quarter

Sessions,

who may heir*

and determine

the Matter of

such Appeals -

