274

Preamble*

Cuardiaftft ip-

pointed*

New Guardiani,

itc. to be elect-

ed in case of

Death, dec.

Number of

Guardians not

to exceed sixty-

three.

In what Manner

to be elected to

iupply Vacaa-

eiti.

Qualification of

Guardians, dec*

Penalty on Per-

sons acting and

not duly quali-

fied.

Time and P1ar«

of the fi:ft Meet-

ing of Guar-

- uni*

C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775*

attending the passing and obtaining the said recited A3 of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty are thereby directed.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor*

within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex.

* IT J HEREAS the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, consists of two

4 VV Distri3s, called the Distri3 of Saint James, and the Distri3 of Saint John : And whereas the

4 Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and the present Workhouse is not large enough to contain

* them, and a considerable Debt for their Relief has been unavoidably contra3ed : And whereas the nre-

* sent Method of raising and applying Money for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish is

4 attended with many Inconveniencies : And whereas, if proper Powers were granted for relieving, go-

4 verning, and employing the said Poor, and for paying the said Debt, and for enlarging the present or

4 building a new Workhouse, and for raising and applying Money for those Purposes, it would contribute

4 greatly to the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the Good of the Community :* May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be ena3ed ; and be it ena3ed by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi*

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Reverend William SAlon%

• J°fepb Keelings George Friend, Richard Gomm, William Black borrow, Rivers Dichenfon, Roger Griffin, John

Pay, Benjamin Long, Thomas Chadley, Samuel Search, Hugh Dixqn, Robert Nash, John Fowler, Francis

Devalingen, Christopher Bartholomew, Joseph Barron, James Gibson, William Gib fin, John Olney, John

Taylor, William Amery, John Pullirt, Thomas Kilburn, Morgan Austin, James Willshire, John Severn, Wil-

liam Crank, James Holliday, Robert Hawkins, Henry Sargood, George Scdgley, Joseph Brayne, Peter CraW~t

ford, Thomas Crawford, Robert SkeAtt, John Thorpe, Andrew Walker, Thomas Mitchell, John Rob inf on,

the Reverend John Davies, Thomas Collier, for and on Behalf of the Distri3 of Saint James ; and the Re-^

verend Sir George Booth Baronet, the Reverend Roger Parry, Joseph Faikney, Heaton Wilkes, William:

Nightingale, William Alonta?ue, George Jon, Richard Rugg, Gcotge Stow, Uriah Brijlow, Gilbert Bearblock^

James Emenfon, William FoJbrook, John Court, William Story, John Barton, William JVildnian, James Up~,

John, Thomas Kirk, Francis Peter Mallett, Benjamin Lyon, for and on Behalf of the Distridt of Saint John

together with the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said two Distri3s for the Time being,

shall be, and are hereby appointed Guardians or Governors of the Poor of the said Parish, for putting this^

Act in Execution.

II. And be it further ena3ed, That when any one or more of the Persons hereby appointed Guardians

or Governors, as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to a3, or shall remove out of the said Parish, it shall and

may be lawful for the Inhabitants of both the said Distri3s (paying to the Rates of the said Parish for

Church and Poor) to assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room of the said Parish, on Tuesday in.

Easter Week in every Year, or within one Month after, to ele3 and appoint one or more Person or Per*-,

fons to be Guardian or Guardians, Governor or Governors, in the Room of the Guardian or Guardians,*

Governor or Governors, so dying, or refusing to a3, or removing out of the said Parish : And all Persons*

who shall be so ele3cd and appointed shall be and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities*

as the Persons in whose Places they shall respectively be elected and appointed were inverted with.

III. Provided always, That the Number of the said Guardians and Governors shall not exceed sixty-,

three; and that, upon making the Ele3ion or Appointment upon the Tuesday in Easter Week, or within,

one Month after, as a fore said, such Persons only as are Inhabitants of the Distri3 of Saint James shall be

elc3ed to fill up the Vacancies occasioned by the Death, Refusal to a3, or Removal, of such Guardians,

or Governors as were Inhabitants of the said Distri3 5 and such only as are Inhabitants of the Diflri3 of.

Saint John shall beeledled to fill up the Vacancies occasioned by the Death, Refusal to a3, or Removal,

of such of the Guardians or Governors as were Inhabitants of the said Distri3 ; so that the Numbers be:

forty-two for the said District of Saint James, and twenty-one for the said Distri3 of Saint John,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Guar-

dian or Governor in the Execution of this A3, unless he shall be assessed anti pay to the Poor’s Rate of

the said Parish at the annual Sum of twenty Pounds, or be possessed of a real or personal Estate to the

Value of five hundred Pounds (except the respe3ive Minister or Churchwardens of either Distri3, or

the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and then only during the Time they shall continue in Office) ;

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to a3 as a Guardian or Governor in the Exe-

cution of this A3, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty

Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at Westminster, by A3ion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein

no Essoin, Prote3ion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein

the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor

to prove that the Person so prosecuted a3ed as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of this A3.

V. Provided also, That no Vi3ualler, nor any Person who shall fell Ale, Wine, or Spirituous Li-

quors, by Retail, shall be capable of a3ing as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of this A3, unless

he shall be a Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, and then only during the Time he

shall continue to be Churchwarden orOverfeer of the Poor, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further ena3ed, That the said Guardians or Governors shall meet at the Workhouse of

the said Parish on the second Tuesday after the parting of this A3, and shall then and there proceed to the

Execution of this A3j and they are hereby impowered to adjourn from Time to Time^ and meet at the

fame

1

