A.D. 1774. Anna decinio quarto GrorGh; HI. C. 5, 6, 7. 3

or in any or either of the said Islands, and tp transport directly from thence to Newfoundland\ or to any ney, fhayflup

other of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, where the Fi&ery is now or shall hereafter be Jj®1®

carried on, on board any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trad£ there, the Whole or any Part of the tation" where

said Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, fit and necessary for the Fishery the ylftery i*

in those Parts, or for the Use and {Support of the Mariners, or other Persons employed on board the carried oi»,

Vessels, or on Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery there, in the same Manner, and under the fame Li- wheat. Meal,

nutations and Restrictions, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as prescribed in and by an Act ^ffaryforthe

made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Inhabitants fishery in those

of Jersey tfWGuernfey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Pam,

ijoods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Rejlriftion1, and to import from thence nan-numerated Goods, (ex- under the Li-

cept Rum), and to land the fame in the said Islands, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted of

in the Body of this present Act; any Thing in either of the said recited Acts, or any other Law or A 9°c0,

Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywise potwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in carrying this Act into Execution, 4®oCwt. Avoir,

four hundred Weight Avoirdupojfe of Meal, and three hundred Weight avoirdupois of Flour, Bread, ditto of

Biscuit, and Starch, made of Wheat, shall be computed, deemed, and taken as, and equal to, one Quar- ^ou5f>

ter of Wheat. &c. to' be deem-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force during such *d one Quarter.

Time as the said recited Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall have Continuance* Continuation of

r this Act,

CAP. VI.

An Act for further continuing two Acts, made in the sixth and ninth Years of his

Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of

the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America.

x IT7 HEREAS an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Preamble.

1 Act for further continuing two Acts, made in the sixth ana ninth Tears of His Majesty s Reign, Act 13 Geo. 3.

x for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army ana their Quarters, in His

c Majesty s Dominions in America $ which Ad was to continue and be in Force in all His Majesty’s Do-

minions in America, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

‘ four, until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five: And where-

€ as it has been found necessary that the said Acts, made in the sixth and ninth Years of His Majesty'a

Reign should be continued for a further Time5’ may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That the said Acts shall be, and the fame are hereby continued, until the twenty- Further contU

fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-(ix. JJ®* £nt51

CAP. VII.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and publick Paf-

sages, in the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan, and

for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the Streets and Lanes within the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the Preamble

 County of Glamorgan, are very ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and, by Annoyances and In-

€ croachments therein, rendered incommodious and dangerous: And whereas it will tend greatly to the

c Health, Safety, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Cardiff or Liberties thereof,

€ and be of great publick Utility to the Persons resorting thereto, and travelling tnrough the fame, if the

Streets, Lanes, and publick railages, were properly widened, paved, cleansed, lighted, and kept, clear

and free from Annoyances and Incroachments: But as the fame cannot be remedied and cffe&ed without

€ the Aid of Parliament,’ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Qonfent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

the Right Honourable John Stuartf commonly called "Lord Vijcount Mountftuart, the Honourable George Commission©*

Perusbles Vernon, Sir Charles Remys Tynte Baronet, Thomas Edwards of Cardiff, William Edwards of Ntmet.

Cardiff, the Reverend Powell Edwards Rector of Neath, Thomas French of Cardff Marmaduke Gtvyn of

. Roatn, Bartholomew Greeniucod of Cardff, William Hurst of Gabalva, Richard Jenkins of Cardiff, the

Reverend Owen Jenkins Vicar of Cardiff, the Reverend William Llewellin Rector- of Saint George's,

Phillip Lewis of ljanrumney, Thomas Lewis of Llanijhen House, Henry Lewis the elder of Cardiff, Herbert

Jblackworth of the Gnoll, Francis Minnit of Cardiff, Thomas Mathews of Llandaff, Charles Morgan of

JRuprrra, John Morgan of Ruperra, Cradock Nowell of Cardiff, William Richards Powell of Genatir Glynn,

William Powell of Cardiff, John Priest, David Prichards Alexander Parcel, Michael Richards, William

Richards the elder, William Richards the younger, John Richards the elder, John Richards the younger,

Robert Savours, John Thomas the elder, John Thomas the younger, all of Cardiff aforesaid; William

Thomas of Llandaff, Thomas; Thomas of Cardiff, Edmund Trahern of Cathays, Henry Yeomans of Cardiff,

4Jhe. Reverend George r Watkins.Clerk,.Arthur Williams of Cardiff^ Bloom Williamt, Henry Williams of .

B a Ct*

