A.D. 1776, Anno decimo /exto Georgii III. C. 30. ' 519

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Keeper or Under-keeper of Keeper of iny

liny Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Paddock, Park, or other Ground inclosed, where Deer are, Por€f*» Park*

have been, or shall be usually kept, and their Servants or Assistants, to seize and apprehend, upon the hcnd^pirfo^s

Spot, any Person or Persons whom they shall discover in the actual Fast of hunting, coursing, killing, hunting, &c.of

wounding, (hooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any Red or Fallow Deer from any such Deer, or laying

Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, any Net,

Wood, or in any other inclosed Ground, or attempting so to do, or in setting or laying any Net, Wire, lhcrc,n*

Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine therein, for the taking, killing, or destroying of Deer therein,

and to carry such Offender or Offenders before some neighbouring justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction,1

to be dealt with according to Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Offender for his first Offence against this Act shall, In whitCafet

for want of a sufficient Distref6, be committed to Gaol, and shall, whilst in Gaol, obtain the Consent in Offender* com-

Writingof the Prosecutor, and also of the Owner, Ranger, Forester, Keeper, or other Person chiefly in- br'

traded with the Care of the Deer in the Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock, or E

Place, wherein the Offence was committed, for his Enlargement; that then, and in every such Cafe, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction, at their Quarter or General

Sessions, to cause such Offender to be brought before them, and thereupon by their Order to direct the

Keeper of such Gaol to set such Offender at Liberty $ and the said Keeper is hereby directed to obey such

Order accordingly, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And, for the better Discovery of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That any Any Offender

Person who shall offend against this Act, and shall make Discoveiy of any other Person or Persons who nuking Disco-

bath or have offended against the fame, so as he, (he, or they, be duly convicted of such Offence accord- TO*

ing to this Act; then, and in such Cafe, Rich Discoverer shall be discharged of all the Forfeitures and t-*s#c 0 ena

Penalties of this Act, by him, her, or them incurred previous to such Discovery.

4 XVIII. And, in order to prevent the qua/hing of Convictions of Offenders against this Act for want How justicett*

* of Form/ be ft further enacted, That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offenders against proceed for

this Act shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the fame shall be made, to ConTiaionof

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed among ft the Records of the said Sessions; and oftendeu*

that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper in the following Form of Words, as

the Cafe shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to lay, (to wit,)

* I5E it remembered. That on the % Day Qf in the Year A. B. was, Form of Con*

4 upon the Complaint of C. D. convicted before ^ of the Justices of the Peace for vision.

* in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of his Majesty

* King George the Third, for (as the Cafe shall be.)

4 Given under Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction shall be ^ood and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be

qualhed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever.

. XIX* And be it further enacted. That no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Conviction made, 0a wj,it

or other Proceedings, of, for, or concerning any Matter or Thing in this Act, unless the Party or Parties ditiom Certio-

convicted shall, before the Allowance of such Certiorari, become bound to the Person or Persons prose- rarltokeal-

cuting in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with sufficient Sureties as the Justice or Justices of the reace lowed,

before whom the Offender was convicted, with Condition to pay unto the said Prosecutors, within thirty

Days after such Conviction confirmed, on a Procedendo granted, their Full Costs and Damages, to be a(-

ccrtained upon their Oaths ; and shall become also bound to the Justice or Justices of the Peace before

whom such Conviction was made, with such sufficient Sureties as such Justice or Justices shall approve of,

in the Penalty of Sixty Pounds for each Offence, with Condition to prosecute such Writ of Certiorari with

Effect, and to pay such Justice or Justices the Forfeitures due by such Conviction, to be distributed as by

this Act is directed, or to render the Person or Persons convicted to such Justice or Justices, within thirty

Days next after such Conviction shall be confirmed, or a Procedendo granted ; and that in Default there-

of, it shall be lawful to proceed to the levying of the Penalty mentions in such Conviction, in such Man-

ner as if no such Certiorari had been awarded.

XX. And be it further enacted. That, after the Confirmation of any Conviction or Convictions upon

this Act, by any of the superior Courts at fVe/lminJiery and delivering the Rule to the said Justice or Juf- Pf0*?* a*cr -

rices, whereby such Conviction or Convictions hath or have been so confirmed, it shall and may be lawful cwviOi^

for such Justice or Justices to proceed against the Party or Parties convicted, in the same Manner as if a

Procedendo had been granted.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall Perfom iggilcv-

think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of edl?iy/ppcal

the Peace, upon Conviction of or for any of the Offences in this Act, and shall not have fought his Re- session*.

medy by removing the Matter by Certiorari as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal from the

Judgment of the said Justice or Justices, to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the

said County, Division, or Place, where such Person or Persons was or were.convicted, next after the Ex-

piration of twenty Days from the Time of such Conviction ; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall,

and he, /he, and they, are hereby required and directed to give at lead fix Days Notice in Writing to the

Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Person or Persons as shall so appeal, of such his, her, or their Intention

of bringing and prosecuting such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and shall enter into Recognizance

before feme Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or Place, wherein the Conviction

or Judgment was made or given, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by the said Justice or

VouXII. 3X Justices,

