A. D. 1774’.

Anho decimo quarto Georgii IIL

C. 7.

11

the Back of such Security; irtthe' Presence of one credible Witness ; which Transfer or Alignment shall

be in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect:

j T Do transfer this AfFgnment, with all njy Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby fe- Form of

I A cued; unto, : his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns

In Witness whereof I Transfer.

A. W

Vbave hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

, V ‘ Witness, C. J.

Which said Transfer or AflGgnment shall be produced and.notified to the Clerk to the said Commissioners,

who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of such Alignment or Transfer, containing the Dates,

Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, for which

ihe [aid C^erk.fiull be paid such, Sum, as the said Commissioners, or any live or more of them, shall

appoint^ qot exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence and after such Entry made, and not

till then, such Alignment (hal) intitle,such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon ; and every such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign

again, and so toties qupties; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons making such Assign*

Inent to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXVI. And* be it further enacted. That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced

and lent, and Interest thereof, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable,

from Time to Time, out of the Monies arifyig from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed

by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and all Persons who shall ,be so possessed of such Securities

shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respeS of the Priority of his, her, or their ad-

vancing the Money thereon.

XXVII Provided always. That no ,Money shall be applied to any of the Purposes of this Act, till all

Interest due on the several Sums then owing on the Cicdit of this Act upon the last half-yearly Day of

Payment shall have been, discharged, or Money sufficient.for that Purpose reserved in the Hands of the

Treasurer to the said Commissioners. . ’

' XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be. lawful to and for the said Commission*

strs', or any five pr more of them, by Writing under their,Hands, to give Liberty and Licence to any of

the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the said Town, pr. Liberties thereof, or their Builders or Work-

men, to make proper Inclosures before}their respective Houses, in order to the pulling down, rebuilding,

or repairing, the fame, or for making or repairing any Vault, Drain, or Building, belonging thereto, and

lor laying the necessary Materials for the fame, and the RubbUh arising therefrom; for which Licence the

Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners by

the Person to whom such Licence shall be granted ; and no Person or Persons ailing under such Licence,

and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time to< be limited jn such Licence, be fubjcil or liable to

any of the Penalties aforesaid.

; xxix.4 Aud,

4 Lanes, and other. , w , . . _ . . ,

That if any Perfop or Persons, .after the passing of this A&, shall carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to

be carried, run, driven, or drawn* on any of the Foot-pavements within any of the aforesaid Streets and

Lanes, and publick Passages, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatfo-

ever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, Coach, Chaise, or other Car-

jiage, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavement; or shall thfow or lay, or shall permit and suffer to be

thrown or laid, any Ashes, DirU Offals, B)ood, Soil, Straw, ^ung, or any Filth or ^Annoyance

whatsoever, in any \of the said Streets, Lanes, (brpublick Passages, within the said Town; or shall leave,

or shall cause to be Je/t, any Carriage* .Hoffe, or^east, pr aqy Timber^ Stone, Log of Wood, Lime,

Mortar, Cask, Tub, or, Vellel, or any ojther .Thipg which may pccasion any Annoyance, Niiifance, or

Obstrudlion, in any of the said otreels, Lanes, or publick Places, within the said Town or Liberties; or

shall fist, fereen, or flack any Lime, (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid), in any Street, Lane, or

publick Place, within the said Town ; or \f any Person or Persons shall kill, (laughter, (inge, feald, dress,

or cut up any Bead, Swine, £alfe Sheep, Pig, or, other Cattle, or cause' the ume to be done, in any

open or publick Strept} Lane, or raflage, wjt^in the^aid Town, so as to incommode,. flop, hinder^ ob-n

iTrud, or endanger, any Person or Persons whatsoever, either residing in the said Tdiyn 01 Liberties, or

Piling either on.Horsebaclr, or. ip Carriages, or on Foot* or shall permit or suffer his, her, or their Swind

to go at large fn any of the said. Street^, Lanes, or other publick'Places, within the said, Xown or Li-

berties, and shall be com ided thereof before any Justice of the Peac£ for the said Town, by the Oath of

One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer), every

Person, so offend ng in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the

Did Commissioners, or any five or moroof them, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings.'

XXX. And be it further enacted, ,That »n case the,Owner or Owners of any House, Shop, Warehouse,

or other Building whatsoever, which shall adjoin or be contiguous to any of the Streets, Lanes, and other

publick Places,.within the said Towp of Cardiff or . Liberties thereof, intended by this Act to-be new-

paved, lighted, and cleansed, shall not, at his or their own Costs and*Charges, within one Month next

a>cer Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at such House,’Shop. Warehouse, or

4>chci Building, under the Hands of any live or more of the said Commissioners, cause all the Water

descending or coming from the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Penthouses, of his, her, or their House,

Shop, Warehouse, or other. Building respectively, to be conveyed into the common Channels or Drains by

proper and fuflfcient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to the Sides of every such House., Shop, Warehouse, or

other Building respectively, in such Manner as in fych Notice shall be expressed or. duelled* or shall not*

.............................................. * ' C 2 • * after

Assignments to

be entered by

the Clerk.

es. aforesaid. .. • •. , # l, , , , .■, • ,

in order to prevent all poftr.iiftibns, Incroachinents, and Nulfances, within she Streets,

r publick Pallages, w’ithin the said Town and Liberties of Cardiff} be it further enacted.

All Monies ad-

vanced, with the

Interest, shall be

paid out of the

Rates.

Proviso.

Commissioners

may give Liberty

to erc& Fences

for inclosing

building Mate-

rialsf See,

Annoyances.

See. how to be

prevented.

Owners of

Houses, See, tf

pi ice Pipes on

theSidesoftheir

H"v)uses for car-

rying off the

Water.

