A.D. 1774. . Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. >C. 65. £23

so ascertained cannot be altered until the Expiration of three Months from the Time of their Ascertain-

4 ment, although the Prices of Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, may, in the mean Time, be either very

4 much increased or diminished; and it being expedient that the Exportation of Corn and Grain from

4 this Kingdom, and the Allowance of the several Bounties thereon, should be governed and regulated*

4 according to the real Average Prices of such Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, at the respective Times

4 when, and Places from whence, the fame shall be shipped for Exportation May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be ena£led; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

-with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, one After June i.

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Prices of Com and Grain, and Oat-meal, exported from *774# Price, of

this Kingdom, shall be regulated and governed by the Average Prices at which such Corn or Grain, and Corn md Grain

Oat-mead, shall be respectively fold in the publick Market, at or nearest to the Port or Place from whence

such Corn or Grain, or Oat-meal, shall be intended to be exported, on the last Market-day preceding the

shipping of such Corn or Grain, and the respective Bounties granted by the Aid recited Act shall, in like

Manner, be paid and allowed, according to such Prices, by the same Rules and Regulations, and subject v

to the fame Securities, Restrictions, Oaths, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the former Bounties on Corn or

Grain exported were paid and allowed, and were subject and liable to, before the making the said recited

Act of the last Session of Parliament$ any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein- Nothing c©»-v

before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any Person from exporting any *E

Corn or Grain, or Oat-meal, or from receiving the Bounty thereon, which shall be a£tually shipped or t^ion\>fCor»

laid on Board any Ship or Vessel, for that Purpose, within twenty Days from the Entry thereof at the «r Grain if Aip-

Cudom-house for Exportation, although the Prices of Corn at such Port may have arisen above the Rates pe4 mo Days

in the said A & respectively specified, after the Entry thereof, and before the Expiration of twenty Days tomthe Enug

from such Entry; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. thereof.

CAP. LXV.

-An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates

in Scotland to the Crown unalienably \ and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors

thereupon and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and

Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and pre-

venting Disorders there for the future) \ so far as the fame relates to the granting Leases

of the said Estates.

€ \X7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Preamble.

4 V y Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates tn Scotland to the Crown unalienably 5 and for making *5 ti

4 Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame. and applying

c the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and prevent-

ing Disorders there for the future) 5 it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Commissionera and

Trustees to be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, shall have Power to erant Leases of

.* the said Estates, or any Part thereof, in Manner therein specified; but that no Person lnall be capable

4 of taking or enjoying any Lands or Tenements, other than Mines or Fishings, by virtue of such Lease

y or Leases, of greater annual Rent than twenty Pounds at the utmost: And whereas the Commissioners

and Trustees, appointed by his Majesty, finding that many Farms of the said Estates, formerly let at or

4 under twenty Pounds of yearly Rent, have, by Inclosing and other Improvements, and by the Increase

of the Price "of Horned Cattle, and other Produce of the said Farms, become more valuable, (b as they

4 may afford Rent above twenty Pounds yearly, and which the Tenants or others are willing to pay, were

the Commissioners enabled to grant Leases of such Farms at a higher Rent than twenty Pounds: And

4 whereas the dividing Farms, which have been let at the Rent of twenty Pounds, or under, and might

4 now, or may hereafter, be let at a higher Rent than twenty Pounds, would be difficult and incommo-

4 dious, especially in the Cafe of inclosed Farms, and would create much Expenqs in building Houses

upon inconvenient Farms For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

jity of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees, and TfcCommifo

such Commissioners and Trustees as shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed by his Ma-

jelly, his Heirs and Successors, or a Quorum of them, to let and grant Leases of Farms at a higher Rent xatogrant

than twenty Pounds, when they shall find it proper, and which Leases shall be good and efi&fual to the Lease. of Farms

Lessees any Thing in the before-recited ASt of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty at a higher Rant

to the contrary notwithstanding. *lol#

II. Provided always. That no such Lease or Leases to be made or granted at a higher Rent than No such Leant#

twenty Pounds, shall comprize Lands which were let for more Rent than twenty Pounds, at any Time comprise Lands

preceding the Year one thoyfand seven hundred and fifty-six* lea for more bo.

R a

GAP.

