A. D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii Ilf.

C. 65. 41$

triit the Party to the common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, or County of Hvntingdan^ there to remain with-

out Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made a perfedi Account and Payment, as aforesaid, and delivered

up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, or until he shall have compounded and agreed

with the respective Commissioners for the said first Distri&, or any three or more of them, or with the

Commissioners of the said other Distridls, or any five or more of them, and have paid such Composition-

money ; which Composition the fad relpeflive Commissioners* or any three or more of them, for the said

first District, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, are hereby

authorised and impowered to make.

XCV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners,

or any of them, at any Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts either for embanking or draining

respectively, shall be entered in distinct Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders

and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by five or more of the said Commissioners for the Upper and

Lower Districts for embanking, and for the second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts for draining, and by

three or more of the said Commissioners for the first District for draining, so assembled at such Meetings,

and being so signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; and all such Books, and also the Books

hereby directed to be kept for registering the .Securities, Afligijments, and Transfers, shall and may be

read in Evidence in all Trials at Law, of any Suit or Actions touching any Thing done in relation to or

in pursuance of this Act.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Order which shall be made by the said Commis-

sioners, or any of them respectively, at any of their Meetings for such respective District by virtue of this

Act, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless for the Upper

and Lower Distiicts for embanking, and for the second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts for draining re-

spectively, nine or more Commissioners be present, and the major Part of the said Commissioners be con-

senting thereto; and three or more Commissioners for the first District be present, and the major Part of

them be consenting thereto; nor unless ten Days Notice in Writing of such Meeting be affixed on the

Church or Chapel Doors of the Parish in which such Districts shall respectively lie; in which said Notice

the Intent and Design of such Meeting shall be declared ; and that every Order for executing the Powers

of this Act shall be made at a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners to be held in such Manner as

is herein-before authorised and appointed, and not otherwise, except as in this Act is excepted.

XCVII. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice or

Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful foy such Justice or Justices to administer an

Oath, or Affirmation, to any Person foV his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depend-

ing •, and that any Justice of the Peace may act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding his

being a Commissioner, except in Cafes wherein he shall be personally interested.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made, touching or concerning any of the Matters

aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or

Offenders against this Act, shall be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process

whatfpever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at fVeJlrrunfter; and that where any Distress shall

be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be

deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on ac-

count of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Pro-

ceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers

ab hiitioy on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Proceedings, but the Person or Persons aggrieved

by such Irregularities shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action upon

the fame.

XCIX. Provided always. That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action, he,

she, or thtly, shall be paid his, her, or their Full Coftsof Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering

the fame, as for recovering Colts in any other Cafe by Law.

C. Provided also. That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for an Irregularity, as aforesaid, if Ten-

der of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants

before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after the Action

brought and between Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last-mentioned Ten-

der ; but on Proof made of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall suffer Judgment as in Cafes of Nonsuit, with Treble Costs ; to be recovered in the lame Manner as

any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

Cl. And it is hereby further enadkd and declared,' That all the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures, hereby inftituced, or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein-before directed,

shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants

under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place

where such Offence shall be committed, who is and arc hereby impowered and authorised to act in the Pre-

mises, and also to hear and determine all other Complaints hereby referred to and made cognizable by any

such Justice or Justices, and to issue such Warrant and Warrants as is and are hereby required, and necessary

to be granted or issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any the Purposes in this Act contained;

and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices to com-

mit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol for the said Isle of El)\ or County of Huntingdon, there

♦to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, or until the said

Pen * 1 cy shall be paid, or otherwise compounded for, which Composition the Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and

Composition-monies, or any Part or Parts thereof, which are not herein-before directed to be applied,

3H2 shall

Proceeding! to

be entered in

Books,

Orders not to be

reversed, unless

a certain Num-

ber of Commis-

sioners be pre-

sent, and the

major Part con-

fenting thereto,

nor unless 10

Days Notice bo

given.

Justices may ad-

miitifter Oaths;

and may a St al-

though Commis-

sioners, except

where personally

intetefted.

Proceedings

not to be re-

moved by Cer-

tiorari, Scc.

Plaintiffs reco-

vering to have

full Costs, &c.

NoPlaintiff (half

recover if Ten-

der of Amends

has been made.

Penalties howto

be recovered.

