A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 36.

Pedn Olver Stem or Station, the Seyne-nets may be (hot at all Times or States of the Tide: And that if

any Seyne-net or Nets shall be (hot within the Limits of Carrick Gladden, The Polly The Leigh, Forth-

minster, and Garn Crowze Stems respectively, before or ^fter the fevera! States of the Tide at which the

Turns or Stems for (hooting the Seynes are herein before particularly directed to commence and end at the

said five last mentioned Stems or Stations as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners or Hewer of every such

Seyne shall, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such

Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds : And if

any FiQi shall be taken in consequence of any Seyne-net or Nets (hot contrary to the Directions herein

before given, all such Fish shall be forfeited to such Person or Persons as any two of the Justices of the

Borough, on hearing the Parties, and Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, if necessary, shall order

and direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commencement and End of the aforesaid several Turns

or Stems of (hooting the Seyne-nets, within the Limits of the said Carrick Gladden, The Polly The Leigh,

Porthminster, and Came Crowze Stems respectively, shall be declared and made known by the hoisting of a

Flag, or (bine other proper Signal, at the Beacon-house on Porthminster Hill, by a Person herein after

appointed for that Purpose.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within

the Limits of Carrick Gladden Stem or Station, by the Boats upon that Station, shall be at an End, at (he

State of the Tide upon that Station herein before for that Purpose mentioned, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Boat or Boats, having or holding Turn or Stem upon The Poll Stem, to (hoot her or their

Seyne-net or Nets into the Limits of Carrick Gladden Stem, until such Stems shall again commence, ac-

cording to the Directions herein before for that Purpose given; and also that when the Turn or Stem for

(hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Carrick Gladden and The Poll Stems respectively, by the Boats

upon the said last mentioned Station?, shall be at an End, according to the Directions, and at the States or

Tl imes of the Tide upon those Stations herein before for that Purpose given and mentioned, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Boat or Boats, having or holding Turn or Stem upon the Leigh Station, to

(hoot her or their Seyne-net or Nets into the Limits of Carrick Gladden and The Poll Stems respr&ively,

until The Poll Stem shall again commence, according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose

g:ven ; and also, when the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of the Porthminster

and Cam Crowze Stems respectively, by the Boats upon the said last mentioned Stations, shall be ac an

End, according to the Directions, and at the States of Tide herein before for that Purpose given and men-

tioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Boat or Boats, having or holding Turn or Stem upon the

Pedn Giver Station, to (hoot her or their Seyne-net or Nets into the Limits of the said Porthmirjler and

Cam Crowze Stems respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand

(even hundred and seventy-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Partnerships or Compa-

nies, Concerned in the said Pilchard-fi(bery within the said Bay of Saint Ives, (each Partnership or Com-

pany duly authorising, in Writing, some one Person to vote for each Company or PartnerQxip) to elect

and appoint some fit and proper Person to be their Clerk or Register, for the Purposes herein after particu-

larly mentioned ; that is to (ay. To receive all the Lifts or written Accounts that shall be brought to him

of Turns or Stems for (idling, to be from Time to Time taken by the Seyne-boats in Manner aforesaid,

and to enter the fame Lifts and Accounts in a Book to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, and to

give a Certificate thereof; and also, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall be and require, to

measure the Gurries or Vessels used in the Division of the Pilchards brought home from the Seyne-net or

Nets, and all the Seyne-nets, Warp-ropes, Tow-ropes, and Mooring-ropes, belonging to any Seyne-net

or Nets, made use of within the said Bay of Saint Ives; and to examine whether the Anchors used in

mooring such Seyne-nets have more than one Flook each ; and also, at the several States or Times of Tide

when the Turns or Stems for (hooting the Seyne-nets are herein before direcded to commence and end at

the Garrick Gladden, The Polly The Leigh, Porthminster, and the Cam Crowze Stems as aforesaid, to give,

or cause to be given, a Signal or Signals from the Beacon-house upon Porthminster Hill, by the Hoisting

of a Flag or Flags, or otherwise, as shall from Time to Time be fixed and agreed upon by all the several

Companies or Partnerships for the Time being concerned in such Fishery ; and that on the twenty-fifth

Day of March m every Year, there shall be paid, to the Person for the Time being appointed Clerk or

Register to the Companies concerned in the said Pilchard-fishery as aforesaid, as and for his Salary, and in

full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Time and Trouble in attending to and transacting the several

Matters and Things herein before intruded to him as aforesaid, the clear Sum of fifteen Pounds ; such Sa-

lary to be raised and paid by all the Partnerships or Companies for the Time being concerned in the

said Pilchard-fishery, in Proportion to the Number of Seyne-nets they shall respectively employ therein.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Clerk or Register, to be appointed as aforesaid,

shall at any Time hereafter receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, from

any Person or Persons, to prevent, delay, or hinder any Prosecution, or compound for, or wilfully con-

ceal, any Offence to be committed contrary to this Act, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Clerk or

Register shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and be forthwith dismissed from his said Office or

Employment, and rendered incapable of ever again being re-ele&cd thereto, or re-instated therein.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That the Person so to be elected and appointed Clerk or Register

as aforesaid, shall not upon any Pretence whatsoever, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names

of any other Person or persons in Trust for him, have, hold, or enjoy, any Share or Interest whatsoever

in any Boat or Seyne-net employed in the Pilchard-fishery within the said Bay of Saint Ives; nor 2& or

be employed as a Hewer or Hewers, Seyner or Blowfer, to any Person or Persons concerned in the fai J

4 B 2 Pilchard-

553

Owner* of

Seyne*, (hooting

at improper

Time*, to for-

feit 20I. f«r

each Offence.

Commence-

ment, See, of

/hooting the

Seynet to be

made known by

a Signal.

At what Timet

the Boat* hav-

ing Turn on

one Stem, may

/hoot the r

Sejme-n t»

withm the Li-

mit* of another

Stem.

Regl/ler to be

appointed j

Hit Doty,

and Salary,

Penalty on Re-

gifter receiving

Bribes, dec.

Register not to

be interested in

the Pilchard-

fishery, &c.

boogie

