I

\

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Ms Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to

make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement

ac Hampstead, in the County of Middhfexy with the Ap-

purtenances, and the Household Goods and Furniture

thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said Will,

upon certain Trulls therein expressed; and to invert the

Money, to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands

or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell

and Stone, in the County of Bucks.

4’>. An Act for ascertaining the landed Property as well of

the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral

Church of Christ and the Blessed Mary the Virgin at Wor-

after, as of others, situate in the Hamlet of Charlton, in

the Parish of Cropthorn, in the County of lVcrcefter\

and for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

and other Commonable Land, within the same Hamlet.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Ham-

leis of Barton and Martclecve, in the Parish of Bidford,

and County of Warwick.

49 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Land within the

Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of

// orccjhr.

5c. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

monable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hink-

fey, otherwise Ferry Hinkfey, in the County of Berks.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

and Wartc Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in

the County of Westmoreland.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Pa-

rish of Bruntingthorpe, in the County of Leicester.

53. An Act for dividing, apportioning, and inclosing the

Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Nettle-

ham, in the County of Lincoln.

54. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the

Will of Sarah Owen, Spinrter, *deceaseJ, in the Coun-

ties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold ;

and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in

the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-

ments, to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

55. An Act for discharging Part of the Ertate of Nicholas

JVriggUfwoTth, and A)ft ogle IVriggJesworth, his eldert

Son, from the Payment of a yearly Sum of thirty-five

Pounds, given by Sir Edward Barkham, long since de-

ceased, to charitable Uses, and of and from other In-

cumbrances; and for charging the fame respectively

upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas

tVrigghfwoi tb and his Son; and for vesting the Residue

thercol in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts,

and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone

and Saint Par.cras, or one of them, in the County of

Middltjfx, to the Uses agreed to be thereof limited, in

the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jacob Hinde,

Esquire, with Anne T'rayer, now Anne Hinde, his Wife,

with Power to make such Leases thereof as in the said

Act are mentioned.

57. An Act for vesting a Leafihold Messuage, in Grcfve-

ner-jquaye, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Jquare,

in the County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of

Eduard Rudge Esquire, deecafed, in Trustees, to be

fold, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to enable ll illiam Clayton Esquire, during his

Life, and the Guardians of his Infant Children after his

Decease, to make building and improving Leases of cer-

tain Lands and Premises, Part of the Manor of Kenning-

ton, in the County of Surrey, held by Letters Patent

from his Majesty, as Part of the Dutchy of Cornwall;

and to raise Money for Payment of the Fines and Ex-

pence^ of renewing the said Letters Patent, and for de-

fraying the Expences to attend the granting such build-

ing and improving Leases.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John

Newnham Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Mid-

dlftex, and Suff'ex, and in the Cities of London and Can»

ter bury, in 1'ruftees, to be sold; and for purchasing

other Estates, in Lieu thereof, to be settled to the fame

Uses.

Co. An Act to discharge certain Lands, heretofore Part of

the Ertate and Inheritance of Thomas Eyre Esquire, de-

ceased, situate within the Lordship of High Peak, in the

County of Derby, from the Payment of a certain Fee

Farm Rent of one hundred Pounds a Year; and for fe-

curing the fame on other Parts of the said Ertate.

61. An Act for enabling the Trustees named in the Will

of JViUiam Sterne deceased, to sell and convey a Lease-

hold Ertate, vested in them by the said Will, upon cer-

tain Trulls therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinjon

Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Mo-

ney arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

62. An Act for enabling Christopher Sykes Esquire, to raise

Money by Way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in the

County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said

Christopher Sykes, on the Improvement intended to be

made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent Charge

thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in Lieu of her Life

Ertate in Part of the fame Lands and Grounds, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Undivided CommonTields and Common Pastures, with-

in the several Townships of Stonegrave, IVeftnefs, and

Nunnington, in the North Riding of the County of

York.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor,

called Wooller Common, in the Parish of Woolter, in the

County of Northumberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of Hertford.

66. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the

Waste and Common Grounds in the Township of Stain-

burne, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County

of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township

of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County

of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon FieMs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within

the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of

Northampton.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and

Liberties of Yelvertoft, in the County of Northampton.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liber-

ties of CUpfton and Neiubold, otherwise Nobald, in the

County of Northampton.

71. An

t

