104 C. 56. • Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

If a sufficient

Number of the

Company do not

attend,iheMeet-

ing to adjourn.

Additional Sum

of So.ooool. to

be raised, if at-

ceflarjr.

Katas may be

assigntd for Pay-

Blent.

son or Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, who shall have one or more such Share or Shares, shall

have Liberty, by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, regularly constituted

as aforesaid, to give one Vote for each such Share, not exceeding ten such Shares for each such Body Cor-

porate and Politick, and not exceeding two such Shares for any one other Proprietor; and whatever

Question, Matter, or Thing, shall be proposed, di feu fled, or considered, in any publick Meeting of the

Taid Company, to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and

Proxies then present, computing one Vote for every Share to the Extent aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always. That if at any publick Meeting of the said Company there (lull not be pre-

sent, either as Principals or Proxies, Proprietors of forty-one Shares, then the said Meeting shall be deemed

to be adjourned to that Day Sevennight, at the same Place where such Meeting was appointed to b$

held.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case the said Sum of eighty

thousand Pounds, herein-before authorised to be raised, shall not be raised as aforesaid, or shall be found

inefficient for the making and completing the said Bafonor Dock, and Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto,

Rcfervoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other the Works hereby authorised to be made, and for all

necessary Charges and Expences relating thereunto; then, and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said

Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by this A& granted,

such Sum or Sums of Money as ilia)! be sufficient to make up the said Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, so to

be raised as aforesaid, and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum

of twenty thousand Pounds, for completing and perfecting the said Works; and the said Company are

hereby fully authorised and impowered to amgn over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of this A&, or

any Part thereof (the Cods and Charges of assigning the fame to be paid out of such Rates and Duties),

as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Per-

fons, or their Trustees, who shall advance the fame, by the following Words of Alignment, or by any

other Words to the fame EfFedtj videlicet:

Form of 4 T>Y virtue of an A&, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

, 4 fi 44 for making and establ idling lawful Quays or Wharfs in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and other

44 Purposes We the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, in consideration of the Sum of

c of lawful British Money to us in Hand paid by do assign unto the

4 said his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, all and

4 Angular the Rates .and Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, and also all the Edate, Right, Title, and

4 Intered, of the said Company, of, in, and unto the fame, to hold unto the said

4 his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

1 together with the Intered for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum shall

4 be repaid/

And all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, to whom such Assignment or Assign-

ments shall be made, shall be equally intitled to their Proportion of the said Rates and Duties, according to

the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof, with

the Intered as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, or on any other Ac-

count whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied for making, completing, and

maintaining, the said Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto, Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges,

Roads, ana other Works authorised by this Act, and in carrying the fame, and the several Provisions,

Powers, and Authorities, herein contained, into effectual Execution.

C! XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Entries or Memorials of every

MQok»€K W * Assignment or Assignrr.ents, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money bor-

rowed, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company;

lVhich said Book or Books shall and may be perused, at all feasonable Times, by any of the Proprietors or

Creditors of the fard Undertaking, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward ; and that

all and every Person and Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, to whom any such Assignment or Assign-

menrs shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereoy secured, may, from.Time

te Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the said Principal and

Interest Money thereby A cured, to any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick whatsoever, by h»-

dorfing on the Back of such Security, before one credible Witness, the following Words, or Words to the

like EffuSt 5 videlicet:

Form of Trans*

kr.

4 T Do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money hereby secured,

4 JL and to all the Interest now due, or hereafter to be due, unto C. D. his, her, or their Executors,

4 Administrators, Successors, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

4 Witness £. F. A. Bd

Which Transfer shall, within twenty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the said

Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Par-

ties, and Sums of Money therein transferred in the said Book or Books, to be kept for the entering the said

original Assignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling ; and after such Entry

made, but not until then, every such Assignment shall intitle such Affi;nee, his, her, and their Executors,

Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee

may assign again, and loties quolies; but in case any Sum so assigned shall not exceed the Sum of one hundred

Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons intitled tofoch Assignment respectively, by an Indorse-

6 ment

