37*

C. 6 2 ,

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III,

A. D. 1775,

R?t|*s VcHel.

exempted from

©uq.

How Rater may

Ve recovered

from Persons r«*

filling to pay.

PerJons eloding

Payment to con-

tinoe chargeable.

if Differences

happen above '

Tonnage of

Ships, Collet*

ton may ad*

measurethtm*

Commanders oh*

ftcucting Col-

lectors, to forfeit

s«*

In what Man*

ner Ships, Arc.

art to be admen-

fined.

^uty Masser,

Ike. to make

Oath as to the

Performance of

kit Doty, if re-

fnired.

of Record at Westminster% wherein no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor root0

than one Imparlance; one Moiety of such Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall

!>rofecute, sue for, and recover the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the

aid Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall tHreft, to be applied

for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his present Majesty, his Heirs or Sue*

ceflors, with any the Duties granted by this Act, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithstanding.

4 XXIV. And, to the Intent the said Rates and Duties imposed by this Act may be more eflfeftually coileft*

* ed and levied/ be it further enacted. That in case any Owner or Matter, or other Person having the Rule

or Command of any Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, Goods. Wares, or Merchandises, charged or charge-

able with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, shall rtfufeto pay the fame ; then, and in such Cafe, it

shall and may be lawful for the uid Trustees, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they, or any

five or more of them, shall appoint to be their Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, or any or either of them

from Time to Time, to go on Board such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, to demand, coileft, and receive

the fame, and for Non-payment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship, Bark, Boar, or other Vessel,

and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of

the Goods, Wares, ana Merchandise, chargeable with the said Rates and Duties, or in respect whereof

such Rates and Duties dial) be payable as aforesaid, either on Board such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, or

on Land, and the fame to detain, until be or they be satisfied and paid the respective Rates and Dime*;,

and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Rates and Duties for the Space of three

Days after any Distress or^ Distrefles so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, their

Collector or Colleftor9, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the fame to be appraised by two or more fwora

Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distrefles, and there*

with to satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the respective Rates and Duties.so neglected

or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress or Distrefles shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for

his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling such Distress, rendering to the

Master, or other Person having the Rule and Command of the Ship, Bark, Boat, or Vessel, in, to, or

from which such Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus, if any there shall be.

XXV. And be it further enacted^ That if any Matter, Commander, or Owner, of any Ship, Bark,

Boat, or other Vessel, shall at any Time, after the Rates and Duties by this Act charged shall become

payable, elude or avoid the Payment thereof by any Method whatsoever, such Master, Commander, or

Owner, of such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment

of the fame; and the fame shall be recovered from such Master or Owner by the fame Method by which

Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

4 XXVI. And, to the Intent that the Duties by this Act directed to be ascertained by the Ton-

* nage of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, may be truly ascertained and paid,’ be it further enact-

ed, That in case the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, or such other Person or Per-

fons as the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, and

the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel charged with the said

Duty, cannot otherwise agree about and adjust the Tonnage of any such Ship, Bark, or other Veflel";

that then, and so often, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Perfost

or Persons as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and at all Times convenient and feasonable, to enter into

such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, and to admeasure the fame according to the Directions of this Act ; and

if Rny Commander or other Officer of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever,

shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees to admeasure any Ship, Bark*

or other Vessel, in pursuance of this Act, in order to ascertain the Duty of Tonnage hereby charged, such

Commander or other Person^ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the oum of five Pounds; to be levied^

recovered, and disposed of, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted and declared. That all Ships, Barks, and other Vessels liable to

and charged with the ^Payment of the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed, shall, if necessary,

for ascertaining the fame, be meafu red in Manner following (that is to say), by taking the Length of the

Keel of every such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, so much as (he treads on the Ground, and the Breadth

within Board by the Midship-beam, from Plank to Plank, and Half that Breadth shall be accounted for

the Depth of every Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, and then the Length so taken being multiplied by the

Breadth so taken, and the Product thereof by the said accounted Depth, and the Whole divided by nine-

ty-four, the Quotient shall give and be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which

Method and Rule all Ships, Barks, and other Vessels, shall be measured, and the said Duty of Tonnage

thereby be computed and collected accordingly; "any Custom, Practice, or Usage, to the contrary now

withstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Quay Master, and other

Officers and Servants to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, when thereunto required by any one

of the said Trustees, swear, or being one of the People called Quakers^ solemnly affirm, that he or they

will duly perform and execute his or their respective Office or Offices ; and all and every Person or Persons

who shall be employed to take the Tonnage of any Ship or other Vessel that shall come into the said Pier*

shall, when required, in like Manner swear, or solemnly affirm, that he or they will duly take the Ton-

nage of every such Ship or Vessel; and which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees

arc hereby authorised to administer.

« XXXIX. And,

