6*

Appeal may be

made to the next

Quarter Session

byPersona ag-

grieved.

Form of Con-

viction;

to be wrote on

Parchment,

and returned

to the next

Quarter Session,

No Proceeding*

to be had with-

out Information,

preamble.

A4f|.0<*£«

C. z6. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III, A. D. 1774.

VII, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall think him, her,

or themselves aggrieved, by the Judgment of any Justicq or Tuftices before whom he, (he, or they, shall

have been conviSed of any of the Offences aforesaid, such rerfon or,Persons may appeal; and the fa id

Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to m*ke known to such Person or Persons, at the Time of

inch Couvidtion, his and their Right.under this Act to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the'

Peace to be held for the County, Liberty, Division, or Place, where such Conviction shall be made, the

Person or Persons, at the Time of such Conviction, giving to such Justice or Justices Notice in Writing,

signifyinghis, her, or their Intention to appeal, and also entering into a Recognizance at the Time of

fiach Notice, with sufficient Sureties conditioned tQ try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of, and

pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions 5 and the Justices at such Sessions are

hereby authorised and required, upon due Proof made of such Notice, and of such Recognizance being

entered into, tp hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal in a fijmmary Way, and award Costs

to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, if the said Justices shall think proper ; but if upon

such Hearing the Judgment of the Justice or Tuftices, before whom such Appellant shall have been con-

vidted as aforesaid, shall be aflirmed ; then, and in such Cafe, such Appellant shall suffer such Punishment*

in conference of such Conviction, as is herein-before ctfredfced to be inflicted on Persons not returning the

Tools or Materials as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender shall be

convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said. Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following ;

(that is to say),

4 TJE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

* Xj A* B+ is convicted before me (us), of his Majesty’s Justices of the

‘ Peace in and for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place (as the Cafe may be), of having (here specify

4 the Offence, and the Time ana Place where the fame was committed). Given under my Handand Seal, or

4 our Hands and Seals (as the Cafe may be), the Day and Year aforesaid/

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender shall be con-

vidted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be fairly wrote over, upon Parchment; and also ta

be returned to the next General Qiurter Session of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Division,

Liberty, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain

and be kept among the Records of the said Sessions.

Xf Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be proceeded against for any of the Offences against

this Act, as aforesaid, unless Information shall be made thereof, upon Oath, before one or more justice

or Justices of the Peace, for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Offence shall be com-

mitted, within three Calendar Months after such Offence shall be committed ; and no. Order made, touch-

ing or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the

Conviction or Convidtions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want of

Fornyor be removed or removeable by Certiorari» or any other Writ or Procefe whatsoever, into any of

hisMsgefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster*

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal or Flour, Oatsi

Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Male, and Biscuit, to HudfoiCs Bay, in North Am

rica, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing there.

g tT 7HERR AS by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act to regulate the,

4 VV Importation and Exportation of Corn; it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That whenever

4 the Price of middling British Wheat, at any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from

c whence the fame should be intended to be exported, should appear to be at or above the Price of forty-

* four Shillings per Quarter, such Price being ascertained in Manner in the said Act before mentioned,

4 no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, cariy, or convey,

4 or cause or procure so to be, out of or from any such Port or Place, or load or lay on Board, or cause

4 or procure to be laden or laid on Board, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported

4 or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Wheat, Wheat-meAl or Flour, or Malt, Bread, Biscuit,

4’ or Starch made of Wheat; and whenever the Price of middling British Pease or Beans, or of middling

4 British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or of middling British Oats, should respectively appear, at such Port or

4 Place, to be at or above the icveral distindt Prices in the said Act particularly mentioned no Person or

4 Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause so to be,

4 or load or lay on Board, in any Snip, or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out

* of any such Port or Place, any Pease or Beans, ground or unground, or any Bread or Biscuit, made of

4 Pease or Beans respectively, or any Barley, Beer, or Bigg, respectively, or any. Oats, or Oatmeal, or

* Malt, Bread* or Biscuit. made of Oats, under the several Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act par-

* ticularly mentioned and inflicted: And whereas it is necessary at all Times to export Wheat-meal or

4 Flour, Qats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Peas, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, to Hudson*s Bay, in North

4 America, for the Benefit of the Hudfon9s Bay Company, and their Servants residing there •/ may it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma~

