A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 65.

Boners; every Keeper offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or

more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the said County, upon the Oath or

Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and

pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Dif-

cretion of such Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Perton* so

offending into the Hands of, the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall be convicted, or in De-

fault thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid

or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and

applied*

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt

not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of

Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction

thereof in any of the King’s Court3 at 1Ve)iminster, or in the Court held for the said County of Lincoln;

and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Pro-

ceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any ftiperior Court; but the Judgments, Decrees, and

Proceedings of the said Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforelaiJ, That this Act, or any Thing herein

contained, shall not extend to any Pebt for Rent upon any Lease or Contraft, where the Title of any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Con-

tract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any Last Will or Testa-

ment, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for

Money won at or by means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play ;

nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been

a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, to pay within six Years before the taking out

of the Summons for the fame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons

making Oath, or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of

Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such

Pejfon or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons con-

vifted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of

this Realm.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within

the Hundred aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of the said

Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to

appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at 'the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Procf

(nail be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summon*, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned,

to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Sub-

poena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall 'be made before the said Commissioners, by the

Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served

therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, arflembled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding

fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or

any three or more of them; which rine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose

Irrftance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Marter or Thing done, or to be done, in

pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months

next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln,

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon:

And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon

a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-

fendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame, as any Defendant or

Defendants can or may have in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

S91

No Anion for

Debt, recover-

able by thi ' Act*

to be b ought in

any other Court.

To what Debts

this Act

not extend.

Penalty on Per*

Ton* guilty of

wilful Perjury*

Penalty on not

obrying a Sub*

poena.

Limit tion of

Aniont,

General I Hue*

Treble Cofti.

Publick AO*

CAP. LXV.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in

the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wiflow^ lVarboysy Somerjham, Colne, and Ridley with

Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in th- Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington>

within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

T X7 HEREAS there are in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cam-

f V V bridge, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds herein after particularly described, containing, by

4 Estimation, five thousand eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, by reason of their low Situation,

5 4 and

Preamble*

