A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 22.273

shall and may recover treble Costs, and have and be intitled to the like Remedy for the fame, as any Treble Cofli.

Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes of Law.

LXXV. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken Publick Act.

and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and Judges and Justices are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as fych, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for vetting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of

Middlesexj in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors, for

ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for

the Register of the Laid Court.

* IT 7 HERE AS by an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in- Preamble.

4 VV tituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the Kings Court of Chancery, and for Act 14 Geo. III.

4 erecting Officei for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, recited.

4 Decrees, Orders, and Becks of Account, kept in such Offices), it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That

4 out of the Funds therein particularly mentioned, after paying and defraying the Charges and Expences

4 attending the passing and obtaining the said Act, a Sum of ten thousand Pounds be applied, as the Lord

4 High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custndy of the Great

4 Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall, in his or their Discretion, deem necessary, in erecting

4 proper and convenient Offices for the said Register and Accountant General of the said Court, separate

4 and detached from each other; and in purchahng such Ground and Houses as shall be necessary for those

4 Purposes; and for preserving the ancient Books of Entries of Decrees and Orders of the said Court;

4 and that the Ground and Houses to be purchased for the Purpose of erecting the said Offices for the said

4 Register and Accountant General be conveyed to and vested in Thomas Anguish Efauire, Accountant

4 General.of the said Court, and his Successors in the said Office for the Time being, for ever, in Trust,

4 to and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, concerning the Offices of the said Register and Ac-

4 countant General, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: And whereas the Honourable Society '

€ of Lincoln's Inn are Owners of a convenient Spot of Ground, Part of the ancient Garden belonging to

4 the said Society, which will in all respects answer the Purposes intended by the said recited Act, upon

4 which the said Offices may be erected, Efficiently detached from any other Buildings, and the Wor-

4 fhipful the Matters of the Bench of the said Society have agreed to dispose of so much Ground, Part of

the said Garden, as shall be necessary for the Purpose of erecting the said Offices, to be applied to that

4 Use, (to wit). All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate on the East Side of the Garden next Chancery

* Lane, abutting South on a Way intended to be made into the said Inn ; East, on Ground adjoining to

* Chancery^ Lane aforesaid, intended to be laid open ; North, on Ground granted, or agreed to be granted,

€ to the Six Clerks, whereon an Office is intended to be erected; and Weft, on Ground also belonging

* to the said Society, intended to be laid open; containing in Breadth from East to Weft, at the South

c End, seventy-seven Feet seven Inches of Assize, with a Break Northward of four Inches in the Center

* of the said South End thirty-four Feet in Length ; containing in Length, from North to South, on the

€ East Side, ninety-seven Feet ten Inches and three Quarters of Assize, with a Break Westward of eleven

€ Feet fix Inches and an Half in the said East Side, commencing at the Distance of twenty-one Fept nine

4 Inches and an Half from the South End ; and containing in Breadth from East to Weft, at the North

4 End, fifty-four Feet fix Inches of Assize; and in Length from North to South, on the Weft Side,

4 ninety-seven Feet ten Inches and three Quarters of Assize, with a Break Eastward of eleven Feet fix

4 Inches and an Half in the said Weft Side, commencing at the Distance of twenty-one Feet nine Inches

4 and an Half from the South End; which Piece or Parcel of Ground is situated on a Parallel with the

€ Buildings now carrying on in the said Garden, and commences on the North Boundary thereof at the

4 Distance of forty-two Feet nine Inches Southward of the Center of the said Buildings; and the said

€ Ground hath been approved by the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor, as proper for the

4 Scite of the said Buildings ; but in as much as the Soil and Freehold of the said Garden is vested in

4 Trustees, upon Trust for the said Society, and a good Title cannot be made to the said Spot of Ground

4 without the Aid of Parliament;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and A certainPIotof

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, io this present Par- Lincoln^ inn

liarnent assembled, and the Authority of the same. That such Plot or Parcel of the said Garden, be- ^tfc*^

longing to the said Society of Lincoln s Inny be, and the fame is hereby vested in Thomas Anguish E(quire, gui^ Esq^ &rc.

Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to hold to him, and his Successors in the said Office for building Of-

for the Time bung, for ever, in Trust, to and for the Purposes in the said recited Act of the fourteenth for the Ac-

1 car of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in this Act mentioned, concerning the Offices of the said countant Gene-

Registerand Accountant General, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that r4,»

the said Offices, when erected, be free from all Taxes', Rates, and Assessments whatsoever, save and |0be free from*

except such as the Accountant General and Register, or either of them, do now pay in respect of their Taxes, sec,

said Offices.

II. Provided nevertheless. That the Assessments to the Land Tax, now paid or payable by the said Pioviso.

Offices, or either of them, be continued to be paid within the Division of the Liberty of the Rolls,

wherein the fame have been hitherto paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the patting and obtaining How the Ti.

this Act be paid and defrayed out of the fame Funds, and in like Manner, as the Charges and Expences oi rh}*

V oh* XII. N n attending ^ m to

