266

C. 21.

Anno decimo quinto Georgi III.

A.D. 1775.

fourteen Days

Notice to be

given of Direc-

tors Meetings

for making Con-

tra&i.

No Contract va-

lid till confirmed

at a subsequrnt

Meeting.

No DireOor to

hold any Office,

or enter into

Contract.

All Con'raft* to

he entered in'

Books.

Orders to be en-

tered in Books.

Tornitnre, Ap-

parel, See. pro-

vided for the

Boor, verted in

Difc&ors.

Bire&on and

Guardians may

borrow Money,

not exceeding

Mapcol.)

tod may-pay off,

at any Quaiterly

Meeting, any

Sum not exceed-

ing 5001. yearly.

How Bonds or

Securities art to

k« gaid off,

crested, or for altering, repairing, finishing, or completing, any Tenements or Hereditaments that shall

be purchased or taken in pursuance of this Act; and also to purchase or provide, either by Contraft or

otherwise, from Time to Time, such Furniture, Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Clothing, Utensils, and

Materials whatsoever, as shall be thought proper for the effectual setting to work, receiving, employing,

maintaining, clothing, and providing for, in every respect, the Poor of the said Parish, of what Age,

Sex, or Condition soever they be; and shall pay, or order the Payment of the Monies due, or to become

due, upon any such Contracts, Agreements, or Purchases, to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the

fame, by virtue of this and the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty.

XXVII. Provided always. That previous to the Day appointed for the Meetings of the said Directors

and Guardians for the making of any Contrafts for the erecting, building, and finishing the Whole or

any Part of the said Workhouse or Workhouses, fourteen Days Notice of such Meeting to make such

Contrafts shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intentions of such Contraft,

in order that any rerfon or Persons, willing to undertake the fame, mav make Proposals for that Purpose;

to be offered and presented to the said Directors and Guardians at the Time and Place mentioned in such

Notice.

XXVIII. Provided also, That no Contraft or Agreement whatsoever, made by the said Directors and

Guardians, shall be good, valid, binding, or effectual, until the fame shall be approved and confirmed at

their next or subsequent Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and signed by the Chairman pre-

siding at such Meeting.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be ca-

pable of acting as a Director and Guardian of the Poor, in the Execution of this and the said former'Act

of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, during the Time he or they shall hold any Office, or enter into

any Contraft, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft relating to the Execution of any of the

Powers of this and the said forjner Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, T hat the said Directors and Guardians shall cause all Contrafts,

made with or by all Artificers, Workmen, Tradesmen, or others, employed in and about the building,

repairing, or altering, any Workhouse or Workhouses, or other Houses or Tenements, for the Reception

of the Poor of the said Parish, and all other Contrafts or Agreements which shall in any wise relate, to the

carrying into Execution the Purposes of this and the said former Act, and all Receipts and Payments,

Debts and Credits, and any Matter or Thing relative thereto, to be fairly entered in a Book or Books to

be provided for those Purposes. ;

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceed-

ings, of the said Vestrymen, and Directors and Guardians, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book

or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman or President for the Time being at

their next Meeting; and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, shall then be deemed and taken to be ori-

ginal Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, and such Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence

ui all Courts whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all and every the

Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Ma-

terials, and Things whatsoever, to be from Time to Time had, bought, procured, and provided, for the

Use of the Poor of the said Parish, and for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, shall

be, and the feme are hereby vested in the Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish for the

.Time being, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, who are'hereby impowered to bring, or

cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring of, any Bills of Indict-

ment against any Person or Persons, who shall steal, take, or carry away, any or any Part of such Goods,

Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Utensils, Materials, and Things

whatsoever, the Property of which said Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and

Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials, and Thing?, shall be laid in every such Action and lm-

•distment to be the Property of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary k

Boney in the County of M'tddlefexy and shall be brought or laid in the Name of the Treasurer for the

Time being 5 and every Action and Indictment so laid shall be good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fh;dl and may be lawful for the

said Directors and Guardians* nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, at

any of their General Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby impowered,

at any Time or Times, to borrow and raise, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, at the lowest Rate of Interest that the fame

can be procured 5 which Interest shall be and is hereby made payable out of the Monies to be raised by

the Rate or AlTeflment for the Relief of the Poor, directed by the said former Act of the eighth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, to be made by the Vestry of the said Parish; such Money to be borrowed upon

Bonds of one hundred Pounds each, to be executed and signed by the said Directors and Guardians, or

any seven or more of them, and the Principal Money secured by such Bonds shall be discharged in Manner

herein after mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That in order to pay off and discharge the Money to be borrowed

on the Credit of the said Rate or Assessment, in Manner herein directed, it shall and may be lawful tQ

and for the said Directors and Guardians, and they, are hereby authorised and impowered, yearly, and

every Year, at any of their Quarterly Meetings, to pay off and discharge therefrom a Sum not exceeding

five hundred Pounds, out of the Monies raised by such Rate or Assessment.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Directors arid Guardians, or any nine Or more of them, at any of their Quarterly Meetings,

to cause the Numbers of all the Bonds or Securities, which, shall then, be due and, owing to the Creditors

oa

