A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georoh 111. C. 27, 2#. 3

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the pacing of this Noteiceoding

Act, it {hall and may be lawful to mrp and export, from the Port of London only. Wheat-meal or Flour, *00Quarter*of

not exceeding, in the Whole, two hundred Quarters in any one Year; and from the said Port of London S^cal-me*Icor

only, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, not exceeding together, in the Whole, ye“fr* fronTthe

two hundred and sixty Quarters in anyone Year, to Hudfori s Bay, in North America, for the Benefit Port of London;

of the Hudsons Bay Company, and their Servants residing there; any Thing in the said Act to the con- *ndOat«, Oat-

trary notwiihstanding, so as the Exporter do, before the shipping of such Articles aforesaidto Hudsons meal* Grott*,

Ba\\ in North America, enter into such or the like Bond or Bonds, as are, by the said recited Act of the

last Session of Parliament, directed to be entered into by the Exporters from the Port of London to the twdBifcuit/

Island of Saint Helena, of the particular Species and Quantity of Corn, Grain, or Flour, allowed by the 160Quarters,

said Act to be exported to that Island. ^ maybe exported-

II. Provided al ways, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Exportation of the toHudson’sBay*

said Commodities,4 or any of them, shall by the said Act be permitted 5 then, and in such Cafe, no such

Bond {ball be required upon the Exportation to HudforCs Bay, or such of them as shall be so permitted. moditiet, no

Bond Bull be required upon Exportation.

HI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when any Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation

of the said Commodities, or any of them, the fame Bounties shall be allowed upon the Exportation Exportationio*

thereof to Hudson’s Bay, under the Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, in the said Act mentioned. Hodlbn,s Bayi

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force during such Continuance'

Time zs the said recited Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall have Continuance. the AO#

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for fixing and regulating a Publick Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat within the Town

and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Tate Ma-^

jesty King George the Second, for hying a Doty of two Pennies Scots, or one-fixch Part

of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for

Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn,. and Liberties thereof.

€ W/ HEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-feoond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Pretmblef

VV George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part AttaaCco.

4 of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into,

4 tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof an Imposition or Duty of two

4 Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excise paid or pay-

4 able to his Majesty, his* Heirs and Successors), was granted and laid upen every Scots Pint of Ale and

4 Beer, which should be either brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Kingbonty

and Liberties thereof j and the said Duty is directed to be applied to the Purposes, and levied in the

4 Manner, mentioned in the said Act, and which is declared to take Place, and to have Continuance*

4 only from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, for and during.

the Term of thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And whereas the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted cannot be completed wijhin the Term

4 granted by the said Act (which has now but a few Years to run), and as a Prolongation of the said Act

4 would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Borough of Kinghorn, and to the Publick :*

Therefore, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Provost, and others the Magistrates and

Town Council of the said Borough of Kinghorn, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,- and by the

Authority of the same. That the Imposition, or Duty, granted and made payable by the Act before re- farther coutl^

cited, upon Ale and Beer that shall be either brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town nued (of

of Kinghorn, or Liberties thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Act, be further conti- Year*.

Sioed, raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable, to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council,-

of the Borough of Kinghorn, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to

such Collectors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuanoc of this present Act, be by

them, or the major Part of them, appointed and impowered, for the life and Behoof of the said Bo-

rough, (or the further Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session*

of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition or Duty shall, Diitytobera<fc*

during the said additional Term^of twenty-five Years, and from thenoe to the End of the then next Session »nd coiicflcd

of Parliament, bfe raised, levied, and colrcfted, from the same Persons, and by. the fame Means and Me-

thods, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, iand be accounted for* paid, and applied, to and for by former laT

the same Uses and Purposes; and that the Provost, Magistratos, and Town Council, be and continue 7

Trustees for such Application, with the fame Powers, and fbbjeft* to* the same Rules and Directions, as

are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Act; and' that the said Act; and every Article, Rule,

^lauftb Matter* and Thing, therein contained* Hull bo of- thcTamo Force and Effect, to all Intents and

Rurposes*

