63

Penalties isti

Forfeitures bow

to be recovered

and appTed.

Perfoits aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter Scf-

fiont.

Five Justices to

be a Quorum

Judgment of the

Proviso.

Application of

the Money to

arifeby virtue

fS this Act."

Overseert, by

Warrant, may

take Stone, Gra-

vel, &c. from

adjacent Ltadf,

ftc.

Limitation of

Adtioai,

Ptdblick Act.

FliutliSe,

C. 32. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III, A.D. 1774.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by

this Act inflicted, or authorised to be imposed in relation to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained,

the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall, upon Proof

of the Offence before any one or more Justice gr Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the

fame shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the

Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices of the Peace (which Warrant such Justice and Justices is and

are hereby authorised and required to grant for these Purposes, and also to administer Oaths gratis)^ such

Sale being always made by publick Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Place as {hall be directed in

the said Warrant, within two Days after such Distress shall have been made; and the Overplus Money

arising from such Sale (after such Penalties are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the

fame arc deducted) shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chat-

tels 3 and-all Penalties and Forfeitures, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall from

Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to their Collectors for the

Time being, and shall be laid out and applied for the Purposes of the Act within the District in which

sche Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred: And in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such

Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the

Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and he and they is and are hereby

authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause such Offender or Offen-

ders to be committed to the House of Correction, or common Gaol of the County or Place where the

Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, un-

less such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and* satisfied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall confi-

der himself or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, Sentence, or Judgment, of the said

Trustees or Justices of Peace, with respect to any of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to their

Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the

Justices of Peace for the said County, in their then next General Quarter Sessions assembled in 0ilober9

at which five Justices shall be present and malce a Quorum, who are hereby authorised and impowered to

hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whose Judgment therein shall be final and conclusive.

Quarter Sessioni to be final,

XXVIII. Provided always, That it shall be no Objection to any Person a£ling as a Justice of Peace in

any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is thereby appointed a Trustee.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums to be raised and levied Byr

virtue of this Act shall be applied by the said Trustees, in the first place, to defray and pay the Charges

of obtaining and passing this Act; and afterwards, wholly and solely to the tJfcs and Purposes before

mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers, having first obtained

Warrant under the Hands of two or more Justices of the Peace, shall, and they are hereby impowered

to take out of any adjacent Lands (other than Gardens, Orchards, and planted Walks), any Stone, Sand*

Gravel, or other Materials for making and repairing the said High Roads, not being employed in Build-

ing, doing the lead Damage possible, and making such Satisfaction to the Owner as to the fame Justices

shall seem reasonable.

XXXL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions and Complaints for all and

every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrongs done or Injuries suffered in

any Matter thereto relative* or in coniequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall

be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred*

or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and al-

lowed, in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby re-

quired judicially to take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXIL

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Ca-*

pital Stock of the said Company.

4 XT 7 HERE AS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland\ made in the Year one thousand fix hun-

4 VV dred and ninety-five, (intituled, An Act for eretting a Bank in Scotland ;) a Joint Stock, amount-

4 ing to the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money, was allowed to be raised by the Com-

4 parry thereby established for carrying on and managing a publick Bank, and certain Persons, therein-

4 mentioned, were authorised tQ appoint a Book for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were

4 willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock: And by the said Act it was declared. That one

4 thousand Pounds Scots should be the lowest, and twenty thousand Pounds Scots the highest Sum, which

4 any one Person should be allowed to subscribe ; and, by the said Act it was also declared, That all and

4 every the Persons, subscribing and paying to the said Stock as aforesaid, should be one Body Politick and

4 Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank 0/* Scotland, under which Name

4 they should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal v and by the said Act it was di-

4 xefted. That within three Months after the aforesaid Subscriptions should be ended, the Persons in the

4 said

D .  by

