$i6 C. 37. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.'

House of Commons; or for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City,

v Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, in the Room of any Member deceased, against whose Election or Re-

turn for such County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, a Petition had been presented to the

House of Commons, and was actually depending at the Time of such Prorogation or Adjournment*

II. And whereas it would tend (till further to promote the Purposes of the said Act of the tenth Year

4 of his present Majesty, and to prevent those Inconveniences and Disorders which may be occasioned for

c want of more speedy Elections of Members of the House of Commons, if the Provisions of the said Act

Speaker to iflbt were extended to the Cafes of Members who shall become Peers of Great Britain/ be it enacted by the

his ^Warrants, Authority aforesaid, That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, it shall and may

fUr*ei8ainCCef, lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, during the Recess of Parliament

MembciHn the for more than twenty Days, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue

Room of those his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for electing Members of the House of

become Peer* of Commons in the Room of such Members as shall, during such Recess, become Peers of Great Britain^

Crest Britain. as soon as he shall receive Notice, by a Certificate under the Hands of two Members of the House of

Commons, that a Writ of Summons hath been issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain to summon

the said Members to Parliament.

The like Notice HI. Provided also, That after the Receipt of such Certificate, the like Notice in the London Gazette

MembT'Y1* be given by the Speaker, as is required in the Cafe of Members deceased; and such Notice and

ceased.T% Warrant shall be subject and liable to the fame Exceptions and Regulations as are required by the said Act

and by this present Act, in the Cafe of Notices to be given, and Warrants to be issued in the Room of

Members dying during a Recess.

4 IV. And whereas it has appeared to the House of Commons, that there was the moll notorious Bribery

and Corruption at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

‘ Shafton otherwise Shaftesbury. in the County of Dorseti And whereas, in consequence thereof, and until'

c the House of Commons shall have an Opportunity of making a further Inquiry into the Persons con—

c cerned in the said Bribery and Corruption, the House of Commons have provided, that no Writ do issue

4 for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough during the present Session of

4 Parliament j but as it may happen that, during the next Recess of Parliament, the Speaker of the House

4 of Commons may, by virtue of the said recited Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, be required

4 to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to

4 serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Shaftesbury: And whereas the issuing such Writ during the

4 next Recess of Parliament might tend to defeat those Measures which it may be proper to take in con-

Sf*akfcrroMo « sequence of the said notorious Bribery and Corruption be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

jj%e any War- the ^peaker of the House of Commons shall hot be enabled, by virtue of the said recited Act, to issue his

Borough*ofr Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the said Borough of Shafton otherwise-

SfcafoL Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, daring the said next Recess of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to permit the Importation of> Painted EarthenWare (except Galley Tiles), the

Manufacture of Europe, to be sold. in Great Britain^ and for charging the fame with a.

Duty ad valorem.

Freambk. 4<VT7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the third Year of the Reign of King Edward the

Act 3 Edw, IV. Fourth (intituled. Certain Merchandises not lawful to be brought ready wrought into this Realm)9

recited. 4 amongst several Articles.therein mentioned, any Manner of painted Wares are prohibited to be brought

A a 11 Geo. I. 6 into this Realm, to be uttered and fold within the same: And whereas by the additional Book of Rates*

wited. 4 made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Earthen Ware of all

4 Sorts (except India or China not to be uttered or fold, and not otherwise rated), the Pound Weight*

4 broken or whole, is rated at Ten-pence, which Rate is considerably under the true real Value of such

4 EarthenWare: And whereas, notwithstanding the said recited Act, great Quantities of Earthen Ware*

4 made and painted in foreign Parts of Europe^ have been clandestinely brought and imported into this

4 Kingdom, and run on Shore and fold here, and there is great Reason to believe that several Parcels of

4 such painted Earthen Ware, which have been entered not to be uttered or fold, and paid the Duties im-

4 posed thereon by Law, according to the Rate before mentioned, of Ten-pence the Pound Weight, have

/4 nevertheless been afterwards fold and disposed of in this Kingdom, to the Discouragement of the Manu-

4 factures of this Sort of Ware carried on in several Parts of Great Britain, and to the Prejudice of the.

After Tune 20 ^n‘tC(^ Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the China Earthen Ware imported

” Soti by them being subject to a much higher Duty:* Now, for Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty

t>f Earthen that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

Ware, b«irg the nnd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embled,

Manufacture of anj by tfoe Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven

^ipyr^jTntobC lU]n(*re^ a,1(l severity-five, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this King-

this dom any Sort of painted Earthen Ware, being the Manufacture of Europe, to be uttered or fold in Great

(except (jaiicy Britain (except Galley Tiles), any Thing in the before-recited Act, made in the third Year of the Reign

Tile?.) of King Edward the Fourth, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forrrer Rite of IE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of

xod. Fe: lb. to June, toe before-mentioned Rate of Ten pence the Pound Weight, for Earthen Ware of all Sorts (ex-

ccpt India or China not to be uttered or fold, and not otherwise rated), shall be, and the fame is hereby

repealed, and the several Duties payable upon the Importation of such Earthen Ware according to that

Rate,

e

