X4&

Rot no Prisoner

to be discharged

of Debts subse-

quent to April

*» >774*

Jo ftices, Sheriffs

and Gaolers,may

plead this A& to

any Action of

Escape, or Suit

brought against

- them, and reco-

',verTreb!c Cost».

Person* dif-

charged may

plead generally,

&c. to all Ac-

tions or Judg-

ments brought

against them be-

fore April aS,

1774, Sec.

and in other

Sui s, may plead

in Discharge of

their Person*

from Execution.

Plaintiff:' mayre-

ply generally.

Sec.

but if nonsuited,

is to pay Treble

Costs.

Attornies or Ser-

vants embez-

*ling Money,

Sec, excluded the

Benefit of this

Ad.

Gaoler to per-

mu the (peak, ng

ii private :o

Pri(oners, whose

Nsinei ar: iri-

le r ed in the

Lifl,or G.\z"tie,

See and the exa-

mining the ori-

gin d ii )ulC3 oi

En-ries, Sec. on

Pen dry of 40 1.

wi:h Costs of

Sait.

PiiGners future

EGte, or Mo-

ney in the

Funds, n< fwirh-

ff«nding th if

C. 77.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III; A. D. 1774^.

every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do, on such Prisoner*s causing a common Appearance to be

entered for him in every such Action and Suit,

€ XXIX. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen, what was to he done with-

4 such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts, as

4 well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts;’ to remedy which, be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be difehar ged of any Debts subse-

quent to the twenty-eighth Day of April\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and if it shall

appear to the Justices, in any Session, or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to*

them to be discharged, {hall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty-

eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, that, in such Cafes, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge him or her of all Debts previous to the/aid twenty-eighth Day

of April, orife thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and to remand him or her back to the Custody oif

the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she (lands*

charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hun*

dred and seventy-four.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit

or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any Pri-

son, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General HTue, and give this

Act in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him,

or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs.

aXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Scire Facias, or Action of

Debt, or upon Judgment, {hall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Admi-

nistrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance

acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-four, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas, as

aforesaid, upon the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it {hall'

be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that

such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas

in Foreign Parts on the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fouiy

and was or were duly discharged, according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or Adjournment

thereof, held at such Time and Place, for such County. Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or

Place (as his, her, or their Cafe is), without pleading any Matter specially ; and in case any other Suit or

Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due

before th'c said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to plead in Dif-

charge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or

Sum of Money (as the Cafe shall happen) was contrafted or due before the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the

Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter

or Thing which may {hew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly dif-

charged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had

pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act, specially ; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, dis-

continue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble

Costs.

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,.

to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting or pretend-

ing to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they {hall stand charged, for any Money, or

other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Cor-

porate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled,

concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any

Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, {he,

or they, shall stand charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received or pof-

fefil'd by him, her, or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her, or their Master or Matters, or Em-

ployers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or their own Use;

any 1'hing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftar.ding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any

Pri son shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to

fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners,

whose Names are inserted in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other Newspaper,

or any of them, or any Persons surrendering themfftves pursuant to this Act ; and also fee, in the true and

genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners,

together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, (he, or they, are

detained : And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or lefufe to comply with what is here above

required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premiles, shall forfeit and pay to the

Person io refused and aggrieved the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action

ofDibt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Effuin, Protection,

Wager of Law, or more than one lmnarlance, shall be allowed, by and in tile Name or Names of the

Person or Persons so refu fed and aggrieved.

4 XXXIV. And whereas several Persons who have taken the Benefit of Acts of Insolvencv, from a Dif-

4 ficulty of obtaining a new Credit to let themselves up in their umal Trades and Occupations (as their

4 future Effects have been made liable to their Debts previous thereto), have gone abroad, for the better

5 4 Maintenance

