A. D. 1774. Anno decimo. quarto. Georgii III. C; 86s- 1*97

seven hundred and fifty-one, and from,thence to the End. of the then next Sjeflion.of Payment;.ao<i« j.,wuM

which, by another A ft made in the twentyrfifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended,

and further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fiftyreight^ Yw 'u 1774

and which, by another Act, made in the thirty-second Year of theRggn of his said late Majesty, wasTurr J * v f

ther continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from

thence to the Ehd of the then next Session of Parliament and which, by another Act, made in,the sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was‘further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June*

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session ot*

Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby* further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the ^ber

twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the Eqd of

the then next Session of Parliament#

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth.Year of the 5 Geo, 2/

Reign of, his late Majesty Ring George the Second, for encouraging, the Growth of Coffee in his Ma-i

yefty’s Plantations in America, which was to continue.in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March, on^ coffo, '

thousand seven hundred and tHirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hua-;

died and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; andwhich* hjt and by. a£s

several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-second Years othis u».*9»act^-

feid late Majesty’s Reign, and of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further cpnti- !*GGJ° *con-

nued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and tmnejtui Jwicr

seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part there* *4f 1774,

of as relates to the Importation and Exportation of foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and

Plantations in America, shall be, and the fame is herehy further continued from the Expiration thereof* 'u'ther «p«iiw

until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred, apd eighty-one, apd frocp thepce to the Juoc %h

End of the then next Session of Parliament, * 7

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority, aforesaid. That an Act, made in the seven tKYpat of Af^Geo.i.

the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in.the thirteenth Year of for the

the Reign.of his late Majjjh King Georgz.the First% intituled% An Act for the free. Importation of Cochineal JhinVaTVc.

during the Time therein limited ; and also for the free Importation of Indico\ which was to cootiiuie, in

Force from the twenty* fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term

of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;. apd which, by fe* and by 14, *e,

- veral subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty.rthird Years of his *7*& 33 Geo. a,

said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the.seventh Year of the. Reign of his present Majesty, was further cqn* ^j

tinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun* Sept!^, 1774.

dred and seventy-four, and, from, thence to the End of the.then.next Session of Parliament, shall hf, and the

ftme is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth Day of Septembers further contiiw-

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and. from thence to the End of the then next Session of ed tiiisept. *9,

Parliament. * *781*

IX# And.be it further enacted by. the. Authority aforesaid. That so much of an Act, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of1 his late Majesty, intituled. An Act for prohibiting the Importation, of Books .reprinted

abroad, andfr/l combo fed or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act, made

'in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books4

which Act was to continue in. Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven bury

dred and thirty-nine, for the Spaeeiof seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scffien

of Parliament;, and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad*

and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts, made in the

twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the seventh Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-

ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, {hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration

thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, 3nd from

thence to the. End of then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage>;

and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, which was to be in Force from the

first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of three Years,

shall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Terjnxof-

three Years, and from thence to the End of the then .next Session of Parliament.

further costumed for three

A& 12 Geo. 2.

prohibiting the

Importation of

Books reprinted

abroad, See,

and by 20/27,

Sc 33 Geo. 2.

7 Ceo. 3. con-

tinued till Sept*

*9* 1774.

farther continu-

ed till Sept* 29*

1781.

A a 6 Ceo. 3.

for allowing a

Bounty on(he

Exportation of

British-naade

Cordage, Sec.

and by AA I*

Geo. 3. was

amended and

continued.

Years,

XI. And be.it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Aa^Ooo.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and r«l»ting to ti£

*Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force.for, five Years, of ra*w Hides

from the fiift Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of from'ireland,

the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is nereby continued, from the Expiration Ac. further coo-

thereof, for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of tinued forfirc

Parliament. ^ Vatu

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to much of two Acts, made in the So much of twe

fifth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the AOajaod 10

Officers

