A.D. 1775.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 54.

345

Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act ; and also shall, upon Demand of

the said Commissioners, pay and deliver over to them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint,

upon the like Oath to be administered as aforesaid, the Monies appearing upon the Balance of such Ac-

count, together with the Vouchers in Support of such Account, and also the Books, Papers, and Writ-

ings, in their respective Custody or Power, relating to the Proceedings to be had under this Act; and in

Default of the Person or Persons required complying with such Demand a? aforesaid for the Space of

twenty-four Hours after such Demand made, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the faief Commis-

sioners, and they are hereby authoris'd and impowered, to commence and profeeme one or more Action

or Actions, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IFeJhmnJler, against the Person or Persons so nc-

glefting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Of-

ficer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with Costs of Suit ; or if Complaint shall be “made by the

laid Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that Purpose, of any such

Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place

wherein the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice and Justices may,

and is and arc hereby authorised and impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and

Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before

him or them ; and upon his or their appearing (or not being to be found), to hear and determine the

Matter in a summary W.ay ; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by theTeflimony of

any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the

Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shalt be in the Hands of such Of-

ficer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and

impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause

such Monies to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Per

son or Persons offending in the Premises respectively: And if no such Goods or Chattels can be found

sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame ; or in

case of Refusal to account as aforesaid ; or that it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, by the Confef-

fion of the said Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that .any

Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the Proceedings to be had under

the fame, shall be in the Custody or rower of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or

they shall refuse to deliver up the fame as aforesaid ; then, and in either of the said Cafes, such Justice or

Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Of-

fender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true

and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall compound with the said Com-

missioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Com-

position the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to make), and until he or they shall deliver up such

Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof.

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or

Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than six Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death of any such

Officer or other Person to be appointed as aforesaid, or of his becoming Bankrupt before he shall have paid

and delivered up all the Monies he shall have received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such

Cafe, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Assignec or Aifignees, of his Estate

and Eftefts, or other Person or Persons possessing the fame, or in whom the fame have or hath veiled,

shall, in the first place, and in Preference to all other Creditors, pay the said Monies remaining unpaid or

delivered up as aforesaid, out of the said Estate and Efrefts, or as far as the fame will extend, to the said

Commissioners under this Act, or to any Person appointed by them for that Purpc/c, and also all Books,

Papers, Writings, and other Things concerning his Office, or relating to the Execution of this Act :

And every Executor, Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons possessed of such Effifts as

aforesaid, may plead such Payment in any Action or Suit that may he brought against him, her, or them,

on account of the said Estate and Effects, or give the fame in Evidence ; and in case of Non-payment of

jfuch Monies, or Non-delivery of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things, by the Spiee of ten Day3

after the fame shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby

required, to commence and prosecute one or more Action or Actions, in any of his M,.jelly’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, against such Executor or Administrator, Alfig:\ee, or other Perf >n or Persons pof-

feffing the Estate and Effects which did belong to such deccnfed Person or Bankrupt, for Recovery thereof,

together with Costs of Suit, or of Damages in lieu of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person^ who shall be employed

as a Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other Officer.or Servant, who shall beany

ways employed by the said Commissioners putting this Act, or any the Powers thereof, in Execution,

shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and

Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved by the Commissioners, for or on account of any

Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting

this Act in Execution; or shall any ways be concerned or interested in any Bargain, Contraft, Purchase,

or Sale, made or to be mr.de by or with the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of put-

ting this Act in Execution; exery such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever ftuving or being

employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Per-

son or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, PIal.it, or Information, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which

said Action no Eflbign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor mere than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Vol. XII. . ‘ Yy X. Ana

Money in Han

h -ok', See to be

fOInM-d up on.

D.mand.

Persons making

Default may be

IioIc u ca.

On Complaint,

Jut* ice? n*.iy

grant Warrant

to prrcvef! by

D.ftref; aiK bale;

And in case ther«

be no Cores, die

Offend' r to be

committed.

Proviso.

On Death of Of-

ficers, Sec, Exe-

cutors to ac-

count.

B .lance to he

paid rn P:def-

ence of any other

Creditor.

Fxccntits may

p> C such P-y

nv*nt.

In (r L* of Non-

pnw t, Ac-

tions rr.-rv be

broui it apinft

Lxecut ) s, &c.

OiT.rer; taking

ar.y Reward-

other titan their.

Salaries,

or being in‘f rest-

ed in any Bar-

gain mur'e by the

Commissioneis,

Sec. \o illicit

iool.

