A.D. 1776. Anno decirao sexto Georg til If. C. 3S.

the fiift, second, Dr third Notice, according to the Time of publifoing each of such Notices; and for the

inferring of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there {hall

be paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, *Twv>pence, and no more: The first of which said Notices

shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Cafe may require, thirty

Days at least, and the last of the said Notices, ten Days, at lead, before any such first or fpcond General Quar-

ter Session, and Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Creditors who have

not charged the said Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Prisoner

or Prisoners in Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

* X. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters

* and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or

* Debtors,’ be it further enacted. That every such Debtor, when he or she (hgll. (according to the Direc-

tions of this A£1) publish the first Notice of an Intention to petition for his or her Discharge, he or {he

shall, in such Notice, declare that the Schedule, containing his or her intended Difoovery of his or her

real and personal Estate, (to be sworn to in Manner 4$ by this Act directed) is lodged in the Hands of the

Gaoler or Keeper, or the Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prjfon wherein any such Prisoner

shall be confined $ and every such Prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such

Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, as the Cafe may be, before he shall publifti such first Notice as aforesaid,

signed by his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy ;

and in case any Prisoner {ball neglect or refuse to deliver one such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or

Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or foe, .upon .due, Proof made of such

Neglect to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Prisoner shall make Application for his Discharge,

shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain till he or she {hall have complied with the Directions

aforesaid : And every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to,attest the Sig-

nature of the Prisoner’s Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge,

giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Prisoner, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the

Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by him-

self, upon Requtft made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing; such Copy to be aeliven-

cd to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the feme, within three Days

after Demand made, on Payment for each Schedule after the .Rate of Sixpence per Sheet, each Sheet to

contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for any left Number ,of Words : And if any such

Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him re-

specting such Schedule, every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the

Sum ot twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for and recover the fame, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster, by A&fonof Debt.

Xf. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Prisoner, jn Manner directed

by this A&, {hall be to the Effect following j videlicet,

• T [insert the Name, Trade, QccMpatian, and two last Places of Abode, if so massy]

4 Ay now confined in ^nfert the Nam/ of the Prison and County], do hereby give

4 this Public Notice, being [insert the first. Second, or Third, as the Cafe may be 1, that I do intend to

4 take the Benefit of an Act, passed in the sixteenth Year of his §vefent M^eftyYReign (intituled. An

4 ASi fgr the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes ) [and if it be the

4 First Notice, then addJ and I do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Dif-

4 covery of all my Real and Personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any

4 Creditor applying for the fame, in Manner aforesaid, to the Gaoler or Keeper, or his Deputy, of

4 [insert the Name of the Prison wherein such Prisoner shall be confined, and the County in

* which it isfituate]

And every such Notice {hall be signed by the Priforicr, and counter-signed by the Gaoler or Keeper, or

Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein inch Prisoner Inall be confined.

XII. And be it further enacted. That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such

Warrant as aforesaid, {hall be brought to the General Qijarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, {hall,

in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and Newspapers before men-

tioned to the said Justices, at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were in-

ferted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, where required, in Manner as herein before is di-

rected, and that the Person or Persons so petitioning was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the

said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or fmee, in the Gaol

or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lift of Prisoners there de-

livered in at any such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this

Act, shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and

deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Re-

mainder, or Expectancy; and also of the Whole of his or her personal Estate, which he or {he, or any

Person or Persons in Trust for him or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or

inritled to, or was or were in his or her Possession, at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison,

with the Name9 of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with 5 and

the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due,

and are secured j and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing,^ then the Name and

Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contradts (if there be

any such), and shall also make Oath and (wear to. the Eft'edt following > (that is to say,)

4 C 2 * I A. B.

561

% d. to be

each Time for

inferring No-

tices.

When Notice#

to be inserted.

Every Debtor

to deliveraSche-

duicofhis Estate

to the Gaoler,

and to declare

the fame in bi»

first Notice, Sec.

On Neg!e&

thereof, to he

reminded bide

to Prison.

Gaoler to attefc

the Prisoner’s

Signature to hi#

Schedule, and

give him a Du -

plicate thereof;

and also to give

a Copy to any

Creditor who

requesti it.

Gaoler, &c. o«

Neglect, to for4

fcitaoL

Form of Pr7-*

Toner'* Notice^

Notice to he

fi^n'd by ’.he

Prison r, iVc.

Prisoner bf ing

bho'ijiht inro

Court, ana Pub-

lication of No-

tice* proved, Ao.

to deliver in a

Schedule of hit

E(1 ate, Debt*,

See.

