cA.D. *776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III; C. 14., 15.

Time being, {hall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to dispose of the said Common

Sea), and to alter and make new the fame, aid to direct the Use and Application thereof; and to make,

ordain, and constitute, such and so many Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, as to them,

or the major Part of them, shall seem oeceflVry and convenient for the Appropriation of the said Fund, or

touching, or.in any wise concerning the Affairs and Business of the said Corporation; and the fame Bye-

laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, so made, to put in Use and enforce accordingly, and at

their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change, and alter the fame, or any of them: Which said Bye-laws,

Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, so as aforesaid made, {hall be duly kept and ob&rved by the said

Corporation, and evei^ Member thereof, provided the fame be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant

to the Statures, Customs, or Law£ of this Kingdom, or the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Ill* And be it further enacted, That the said Directors may, and are hereby impowered to appoint a

Treasurer or Treasurers, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act;

and shall and are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers as a Majority

of the said Directors {hall think proper.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That such Subscribers to the said Fund as may hereafter be entitled to

receive any Benefit therefrom, {hall meet together at some convenient Place, in or near the faiJ Theatre*

on the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-seven, or within ten Days after, for electing Directors for the Year ensuing; and that previous to

such Lleftion, the Names of all the Directors for the Time being shall be written on distinct Pieces of

Paper, being all of on equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, as near as tnay be, and shall be put

into a Box, or some other convenient Receptacle, and shall be (haken together, after which some Person*

not interested in such Election, shall draw out the said Names one by one, until the Number remaining in,

the said Box or Receptacle shall be reduced to fix, and the fix Persons whose Names shall so remain mall

be fix of the Directors for the ensuing Year; after which the said Subscribers present shall proceed to-cleft

seven other Persons from amongst themselves (either such as were, or were not Directors for the preceding

Year); and the Seven Persons so elected, together with the fix Persons whose Names remained undrawn*

as aforesaid, shall be the Directors for putting this Act in Execution for the Year next ensuing: And the

{aid Subscribers shall also meet together on the twenty-fifth Day of March, or withjn ten Days after, in

every succeeding Year, and elect Directors, in Manner before-mentioned, for the Year then next ensuing

And in case any one or more of the said Directors hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner aforesaid*

shall die, or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, the said Subscribers shall and may meet together*

at some convenient Place, in or near the said Theatre, and elect a Director or Directors in the Room and

Stead of the Director or Directors so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Director so to be

elected, in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, for the Pur-

poles of carrying this Act into Execution, as the Directors herein and hereby nominated and appointed are,

mvefled with.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Notice of every such Election {hall be affixed im

Writing, in some conspicuous Part of the said Theatre, for three Days at the least, immediately preced-

ing such Election; and that all El eft ion 3 shall be decided by a Majority of Votes; and that every Sub-

scriber to the said Fund shall have a Right to vote in every such Election.

VI. Provided also, That at every annual Election of Directors for the Purpose9 of thi9 Act, a Majority

of the Directors for the ensuing Year shall conftft of Persons belonging to, or employed at, the said

Theatre.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public

Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices*and other Persons whomsoever,.

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioner* appointed* by an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled. An.

Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Ta»y to hi raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-frue5 and for appointing other Commissioners, together with

those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for

granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

one thousand {even hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parifil of Saint George^

in the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts*,

Yards, and other open Passages and Places; and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch within/

such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London.

CAP;

44 s

make Bye-law#,

amJ ’ppoiftt

Officer*.

Fir* Elliot

of Directori,

Manser of

Elc&ion.

Elections to bn-

annual.

Rodeo in Writ*

ing to bt affixed

in the Theatre

Three Day a

before Ek£tion«

A Majority of

DtreOora to

belong to thr

Theatre.

Public A A,

