1*

Limitation of

Actions.

General I Hue*

Treble Coftf.

Publick Att.

C. 7, 8. Anno decinto quarto Geobigii III. A.D. 1774.,

Order of Court, shall be brought, commenced, prosecuted, or obtained, sgainfl: any of the said Com-

.missioners, or any of their Collectors or other Officers, for any Thing done by the Direction of the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act ; that then, and in

every such Cafe, the said Commissioners, or any jive or more of them, {hall, out of the Monies arising

by this Act, allow and pay to such Commissioner or Commissioners, their Collectors, or other Officers,

all such reasonable Cods, Charges, and Expences, as they pr any of theip shall or may l'uftain, or be

put unto, by reason or means thereof. ,•

XLIV.'And be it further enacted, That if any Action or $uit {hall be brought against any Person for

;any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action {hall be commenced within six Calendar Months

after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Glamorgan*

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General

Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, ancj

that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so

done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame*

or be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant

or Defendants ; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall become Nonsuit, or difeon*

tinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the

Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any

Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XLV. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and

.{hall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the tenth and twelfth Years of his present

Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County

of Devon \ and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town. /

Preamble.

A Cl 10 Geo. 3.

Former Rates

declared legal,

and Limits set-

tled pursuant to

a Schedule.

Tenements of

certain Defcrip*

ttoni excepted

out of the Sche-

dule, and made

aficilable.

Power to make

a Special Kate

for the delray-

ing the Ex pen*

cn of the Att,

Ac.

* TWHEREAS an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

4 W %Afl for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon ; and for

4 regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And whereas the said Act was explained and

4 amended by another, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty: And whereas great

4 Doubts and Disputes have nevertheless arisen touching the Limits to which the Assessments for the

4 Purposes of the said Acts do or ought to extend, whereby the Execution of the said Acts hath been?

* and is still likely to be greatly impeded : And whereas the said Acts would be more beneficial to thf

4 Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to other Persons resorting thereto, if fomc Amendments were

4 made to the said Acts in this and other Refpcfts ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeot

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That to quiet the present, and to prevent future Disputes, all Rates made for

the Purposes of the said Acts, since the patting of the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign 6f his

said Majesty, {hall he, and the fame are hereby declared to be legal Rates; and that, from and after the

twenty-fifth Day of Marchy in this present Year, none of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which were assessed to the Land Tax for the said Borough for the Year one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-seven, under the several Descriptions expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be included

in any Assessment under this and the said Acts, other than the special Rate herein-after mentioned ; save

and except always thereout such Lands and Tenements as {hall consist of Houses and Buildings, and

such Court-yards and Gardens, as may be thereunto adjoining and belonging, which shall be contiguous

to some Street within the populous or Town Part of the said Borough, or situate so that there be no

greater Distance than one hundred Feet from some Street within the populous or Town Part of the said

Borough, to the nearest of such Houses or Buildings, or Court-yards or Gardens thereunto adjoining and

belonging ; nor from these to such as shall be next succeeding, and so on from one House or Building, or

Court-yard or Garden thereunto adjoining and belonging, to the next or nearest, in whatsoever Direction

the fame may lie, or how far soever the lame may extend in the said Borough ; and .that the PremifesTq

excepted, and all the other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Borough, shall be

liable to the said Assessment ; and that the Premises which shall be so assessed shall be rated in Manner

following ; that is to say, Lands, Tcnements, and Hereditaments, to the Assessment on the Owners

thereof; and Houses and Buildings, and such Court-yards and Gardens as may be thereunto adjoining and

belonging to the Assessment on the Occupiers; and that no Person shall, as a Refianr, be affefild by

virtue of this and the said Acts, on account of Residence on any Tenement hereby declared not to be

assessiible ; and that the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Schedule, shall

be taken to have been assessed to the Land Tax for the said Borough for the Year one thousand fevea

hundred and sixty-seven, under the Descriptions therein expressed.

II. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the fai<J

Acts, and they are hereby required, within three Months after the passing of this Act (in case the unap-

plied Produce of the Rate made for the general Purposes of the said Acts, and commencing at Lady-day 9

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and ending at Lady-day in ihis present Year, shall be

in ufficient for defraying the Expences of the obtaining and passing of this Act, and the Expences incurred

ih

