A. D. 1775*

238 C. 14, 15. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to amend an At7, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his late

. Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds

and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats% and in the JVoolleny

Linen, Fustian> Cotton, Irony Leather, Fur9 Hemp9 Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures \

and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot PreJferS9

and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures and for the better Payment of

their Wages.

preamble. 4 TWHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

Atf 14Cco.Hr. * yV (intituled. An Act to amend an Aft9 made in the twenty- second Tear of toe Reign of his late Majesty

4 King George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses

44 committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture. of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian,

44 Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing un-

44 lawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Preflers, and of all Persons employed

44 in the said several Manufactures 5 and for the better Payment of their Wages) certain Penalties

. S therein mentioned are inflicted on Persons convicted of reeling false or short Yarn, but no Provision is

4 made for Recovery of the said Penalties, or of the Costs and Charges attending such Prosecutions, by

4 means whereof the good Purpose9 intended by the said Act are rendered ineffectual ;* may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

After pairing this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, the

p^litheseveral several pecuniary Penalties inflicted by the said Act upon Persons who {hall be convicted of reeling false

flirted by Aa or lhort Yarn, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Prosecutions, shall fin case the fame

14 Geo. in. on are not paid according to the Order of the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall be

Persons reeling so convicted) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

Aort Yarn, See. by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal; or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices be-

DirtTefs^o^he* ^ore w^om Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, together with the Coft9 and Charges of

OffcndcnGoodt 1 making such Distress and Sale ; and if no Goods and Chattels belonging to such Offender or Offenders

and if no Goods* can be found sufficient to answer the said Penalties, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress

sufficientcan be and Sale, then such Justice or Justices shall and may cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to

found, they are the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liherty, Town, or

forbVe°Monthd ^ace* w^ere such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space

or ooe on . one Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reasonable Charges of such Dif-

tress and Sale, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

If Persons think II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her,

1 neTcd^th/8” or Aemselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such

miy’appeVto Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the

the Seihoiw j Peace to be holder* for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the Cause of Complaint shall arise 5

and the Justices, in their said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the

Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem reasonable, and

»nd theD?ter- aCCOrding to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which Determination of the said Justices in Sef-

blc e Cons, on every and any such Appeal, {hall be and are hereby declared to be final and concfufive.

Ami*

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty’s Dominions in America an Act:,

passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and

Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their £$uartersy and for extending

the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty’s Marine Forces in America.

Preamble. 4 XT7 HERE AS in and by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

4 W punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, several

4 Regulations are made and enacted for the better Government of the Army and their observing strict

^ 4 Discipline, and for providing Quarters for the Army and Carriages on Marches and other necessary

4 Occasions, and inflicting Penalties on Offenders against the fame Act, and for many other good Pur-

4 noses therein mentionecT; but the fame may not be sufficient for the Forces that may be employed in his

4 ,Majesty’s Dominions in America; And whereas, during the Continuance of the said Act, there may be

4 Occasion for marching and quartering of Regiments and Companies of his Majesty’s Forces in several

4 Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions in America: And whereas the Publick Houses and Barrack* in his

4 Majesty’s Dominions in America may not be sufficient to supply Quarters for such Forces: And whereas

4 it is expedient and necessary that Carriages and other Conveniencies upon the March of Troops in his

4 Majesty’s Dominions in America should be supplied for that Purposebe it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and-Com-

r mons.

