A. D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 21.

44 obstru£led. Powers of Act 3 Geo. II. to be in Force, except such as are by this A& repealed. Tolls

44 to be exempted from Taxes. Company impowered to supply the Cuts and Canals with Water, and to

44 make Dams, during the Repairs of Mills, &c. Company empowered to scour the Canal. Proviso,

44 relating to Mr. Cambridge* Mill-pond. Millers to draw up or let down Cloughs or Floodgates'when

44 necessary, on Penalty of to/. Millers to be paid for the fame. Company to provide Watering-places

“ for Cattle. Lands may be entered upon to take Surveys, Two Parts to be made of a Plan and

cc Book of Reference, and certified by the Speaker of the House of Commons; which shall be deemed

44 codd Evidence. Cuts and Canals to be made pursuant to the Plan. Land Owners being omitted in the

cc Book of Reference, not to obstruct the making the Canals, bV. Breadth of the Canal and Towing-

€c paths limited. Small Parcels of Land, not used for the Canals, to be purchased by the Company, if

44 Proprietors require it. The River not to be made navigable, except as authorised by this Act. The

44 Turnpike Road not to be turned. Bodies Politic, fcfr. impowered to fell Lands; and, with Consent

44 of the Commissioners, may exchange Lands. Contrails to be inrolled ; Copies whereof allowed to be

44 good Evidence. Copyhold Rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed to settle Differences be-

44 tween the Company and Owners of Lands. If Parties dissatisfied, a Jury to be impannelled. Value

44 of Lands, and Damages, to be separately ascertained. By whom the Expences of the Commissioners

44 and Jury, in ascertaining Damages, &V. {hall be borne. Persons requeffing a Jury to enter into Bond

44 to prosecute, &c. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors, before Complaint made thereof to

44 the Commissioners. Purchase-money due to Corporations and Trustees to be laid out to the same Uses,

44 Monies, until Purchases made, to be placed in the Public Funds, &V. Commissioners to settle

44 the Proportion of Money to be paid to the several Persons interested. In Default of Payment of Damages,

44 Rates to be liable; or Parties may recover at Law. Annual Rents how recoverable. In case Damages

*4 are not paid in four Months, they may be recovered from the Estate of the Company. Penalty on Per-

*4 fons obstrudling the Works. The Undertaking, fcfr. to be divided into 200 Shares, and vetted in the

44 Company, in due Proportion. No Person to have more than fifteen Shares. Application of the Money

44 remaining to be raised. Each 100/. Subscription to be intitled to a Share in the Navigation. Every

44 Person who shall subscribe one Share, shall be deemed a Proprietor, and have a Vote, to be given by

4,4 himself or by Proxy. Manner of voting specified. All Matters to be determined by Majority of Votes

44 and Proxies. Company impowered to raise ic,oooo/. more, in case the 20,000/. shall be inefficient*.

44 Manner of raising it. Navigation may be assigned over as a Security for Money borrowed. Form of

44 Assignment. No Preference to be given by reason of Priority of Alignment. Entries of all Assign*

44 ments to be made in Books. Assignments may be transferred. Form of such Transfer. Transfers to

44 be produced to the Clerk, who {hall enter them in a Book. Interest to be paid half-yearly before any

44 Dividends are made. First General Meeting. A Committee to be chosen. Treasurer and Clerk to-

44 be appointed. Committee to be chosen annually. Their Proceedings to be entered in a Book. No

44 Member of the Committee (except the Chairman) to have more than one vote. Committee to make

44 Reports of their Proceedings, &c. Committee impowered to make Calls for Money from the Pro-

44 prietors, £f1c. All Money to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer; to be applied by the Committee,

44 £sfr. Notice of the Calls to be advertised, Persons not paying the Calls pursuant to Notice, &c.

44 to forfeit all Shares and Interests in the Navigation. Forfeitures to be declared at a General Assembly*.

44 &c. General Assembly of Proprietors may remove Committee-men, and make Bye-laws,

44 Executors, fcfr. of Owners of Shares indemnified for paying Money when called for. It Owners die

44 without Assets, &c. Proprietors may admit others in their Stead, upon Payment to Executors, fcfr. the

44 Sums advanced by such Owners. If Calls not answered, how Proprietors are to proceed*. How Tickets'

44 or Titles to Shares are to be made out and signed. Shares negotiable, how to be entered and paid, &c.

44 Purchasers of Shares not intitled to vote, till after six Months Possession. No Person {hall fell, after

44 any Call of Monies made, until the said Call is paid. Form of Transfer of a Share. No Business to

4< be done in a Committee, unless five be present. Clerk and Treasurer to account to the Committee.

44 Two General Meetings yearly; all Accounts then to be passed and settled. How a Vacancy in the

4< Committee to be supplied. Matters of Vessels to give Account of their Cargoes, &c. Penalty on De--

c< fault thereof. Names of Owners and Steerfmen to be placed on the Outsides of Vessels, on Penalty of*

44 s /. What shall be deemed a Ton of Timber, In case of Difference between the Collectors and

44 Matters of Vessels concerning Weight and Quantity, Vessels to be detained, &c. Further Allowance

44 to be paid for Goods lying upon a Wharf above 24 Hours. Vessels under 20 Tons not to pass Locks

44 (except as excepted) without the Consent of Proprietors. Penalty on placing any Boat, (sfr. in the

u Canals so as to obstrudl the Navigation. Vefleh funk to be weighed, and detained for Expence. Irv

44 case of Non-payment, Company may sell the same. Penalty on Persons floating Timber on the Canal,.

44 or overloading Vessels, Penalty of 5/. for throwing Ballast, &c. into the Navigation. Boatmen

4< shall not suffer Water to remain in the Lock longer than necessary* Regulations for passing thp Locks*

44 Penalty of 40 s. for each Offence. Penalty on Persons wilfully drawing down the Water, Zsfc. In case

44 the Company omit for fifteen Years to make the Canals, the fame not to be done without Consent of

44 Land Owners, &c. On what Conditions Land shall be reconveyed. If Commissioners cannot settle

44 the Price, a Jury to be impannelled. Power to elect new Commissioners. Justices, in certain Cafes^.

44 impowered to appoint Commissioners. Qualifications of Commissioners. Any Person acting, not duly

44 qualified, to forfeit $0 L No Meeting to be had without ten Days Notice in some Gloucestershire NeWs-

44 paper. Commissioners may act as Justices, Cpmmissioners not to hold any Place of Profit, fsfe.

44 Meetings may be summoned at any Time by seven Commissioners. Writings to be without Stamps..

44 Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and?

44 applied* Punishments for giving false Evidence. Distress not unlawful for want of Form* Person9^

u aggrieved may appeal to the QuartcirSessions, whose Determination shall be sinai*’rr

GoogI<

