A.D. 1775# Anno decimo quinto Georgii 1U,

C. 25*

291

CAP. XXV.

An Act for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of and for building1 a

New Gaol in a more commodious Situation. j

WHEREAS the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford is situate near the Middle of theTWn

of Hertford, and so closely encompassed by Buildings, that it is impossible to accommodate the un-

happy Persons confined therein with a sufficient Supply of fresh Air, from which Circumstance the said

Gaol is generally unhealthy, and frequently visited with a malignant Fever called the Gaol Distempej,

the fatal Effects whereof have sometimes extended beyond the Limits of the said Gaol; and it is ex-

pedient that the said Gaol should be taken down, arid a new one erected in a more airy Situation, in

order to prevent the fatal Consequences attending the said Distemper 5 but the fame cannot be dorfe

without the Aid of an Act of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafteq,

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of she Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of

Hertfordy at their next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County after the

passing of this Act, or at any other subsequent Quarter Sessions, or the greater Number of such Justices

assembled at any such Sessions, and they are hereby impowered to treat, contrail, and agree, wirh the

Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons impeded in, any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, within or near to the said Town of Hertford, which they the said Tuftices so assembled, or th*e

greater Number of them, shall adjudge necessary for the Purposes of this A&, for the Purchaf© thereof,

at such Price or Prices as to the said Justices 10 assembled, or the greater Number of them, shall seem

xeasonable. . ,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all

Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, for or on Behalf of their

Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes-covert, and for every otnor

Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract for and fell, and convey the fame, to the

Justices of the Peace of and for the said County for the Time being, for such Sum and Sums of Money

as (Kail be agreed upon; and that all such Contracts, Bargains, dales, and Conveyances-(hall, without

any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good and valid in the Law to all intents and Purposes,

j)ot only to convey all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of the Person and Persons conveying, but

all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several

and respective Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or

other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of

them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notr

jwithstanding; and that all Persons so contracting, agreeing, and conveying, as aforesaid, shall be indem-

nified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

HI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums so agreed or contracted for the

Purchafeof any such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or legal Tender thereof, to the

Parties concerned respectively, which Sum or Sums of Money the said Justices assembled at their General

w Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, or the greater Number of them so assembled, are hereby authorised to or-

der to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by this Act, such of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, for which such Value or Recompence shall have been contracted or agreed

on, as aforesaid, shall, from thenceforth, by virtue of this Act, be veiled in the Justices of the Peace oF

and for the said County of Hertford \ and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, or the greater

Number of them, so assembled as aforesaid. to order and direct such Houses or Buildings to be taken

down, and to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the taking down the fame; and to fel)

and dispose of the Materials to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, for such

Price or Prices as to them the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, or the greater Number of them^

shall seem meet; and to apply the Monies to arise thereby for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner

as to the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, or the greater Number of them, shall seem meet; an^

this A ft shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said Justices as all other Persons interested, ;their HeirS|

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, against all and every other Person and Persons, to all Intents

Puroofes whatsoever. . . , '

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Justices to cause to be built and finished, upon any Lands or Grounds, or the Scite or Scites of any

House or Houses, or other Buildings so to be purchased as aforesaid, a convenient Gaol, for the Confine-

ment of Criminals, Debtors, and others, and also a proper Place for the residence of the Gaoler, and

such other Buildings and Conveniencies as shall be adjudged requisite by the said Justices at their Quaxte^

Sessions, for the safe keeping of such Persons as shall be committed to the fame, either for Debt^ Felony,

or any other Offence 5 which Gaol, when built and finiftied, is hereby declared tQ be a Publklc and'Com-

mon Gaol for the said County, and shall, from Time to Time* be maintained, supported, and^repairedi

by such Ways and Means as other Gaols in this Kingdom are by Law to be fiipported* and maintained

and the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being shall have the keeping thereof, and shall have Power,

when the said Gaol is made fit for the Reception and safe keeping of Prisoners, to remove thither all such

Piifoucraat shall then be in his Custody, which Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape: 1

P p a V. And

t

.! f

Just ice* Impow-

ered to purchase

Lands, Sec. for

the Purposei of

this Act.

Guardian*, ted

impowered to

contract for, or

sell and convey

HOufct, Loads,

Ac.

and indemnified

therein.

Upon Payment

of Purchase*

money Justices

to be veiled in

the Premile*.

Joftfcet Impew*

ered to take' '

down Houses,

and feu J

rials j

atjd to build V

new Gaol,

Sheriff to Hava

the keeping

thereof, and to,

remove

thither.

^

