no

Commission«r«

may compound

IVnaltie* of

Con.rafts.

Commissioners

to appoint

Watchmen! lec.

CoiBtniflioners

to make Byc-

laws.

Bye-lawt fob-

jest to the Con-

troul of the

Company.

Company may

inlpcft the

Bye-laws,

and alrer or

J*;uiul them.

C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

by virtue and in pursuance of this Act 5 every such Contrail to specify the Several Works to be done, the

Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time or Times when or within which the said Works are to be

completed, and the Forfeitures or Penalties to be borne or suffered for the Non-performance thereof; and

being signed by thirteen or more of the said Commissioners, and by the Person or Persons con trailing tm

perform such Works, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and carried into Execution, and the Per-

formance thereof shall and may be enforced by Action at Law, or other wise, by and in the Name or

Names, and at the Suit of, or against the Commissioners for the Time being, and the Contraitor or

Contraitors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, according to the Tenor and true Meaning

thereof; and in all Cafes where any pecuniary Penalties shall be recovered of and from any Contractor

or Contraitors, the fame shall be paid to the Treasurer appointed by virtue of this AS, and applied for

the Purposes of carrying on the Works direited by tnis Ait.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That it shall be lawful for the

said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, to

compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Aition or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall

have been brought for any Penalty or Penalties, on account of any Breach or Non-performance.of any

such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any thirteen or more of them,

shall think proper, so as the Sum to compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage

sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Costs, Charges,

and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefauL That it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall find it expedient, to ap-

point a Clerk or Clerks, Watchmen, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall find necessary, for

the Performance, due Ordering, and Preservation of the Works to be carried on, built, or provided,

under the Powers of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove them, or any of them, and appoint

others in their Stead, or in the Room of such as shall die, or be incapable of performing their Office ;

and shall and may appoint all such Clerks, Watchmen, and others so employed, such reasonable Salaries

and Allowances, as they the said Commissionors, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper;

which Salaries and Allowances shall be paid by the said Company.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, and establish such Or-

ders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the good Government of the said Commissioners, and of all Clerks, Engi-

neers, Surveyors, Workmen, Watchmen, Lightermen, Labourers, and others, appointed or employed

under or by virtue of this Act, and for the better regulating, governing, managing, and using, the several

Works, Matters, and Things, by this Act authorised and directed to be made, done, and performed, as

well whilst the fame are doing, as after they shall be finished and completed ; and for the more safe and

convenient shipping and lading, landing and discharging, carrying and conveying, laying and depositing,

of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, upon, to or from the said Quays or Whaifs, and For the better go-

verning and regulating Porters,*Carters, and Carmen, and others, carrying Goods, or using or driving

Horses, Trucks, Carts, Sledges, Waggons, Drays, or other Carriages, for conveying Goods, Wares, or

Merchandise, to or from the said Quays or Wharfs, and for preventing Damage being done to any such

Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, determined by the issuing of Water through Spouts from Houses or Buildings ; and

also, from Time to Time, as they (nail fee occasion, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Or-

ders* and Bye-laws, as to them the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall seem

meet, fitting, and requisite; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty

Shillings, for the Non-observance, Non-performance, or other Breach of all or any such Rules, Orders, or

Bye-laws, or any Part of them ; and also to make such other Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as shall be

necessary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or

more of them, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed, and distributed in the

Town of Kingston upon Hull, and affixed upon or near to some publick and conspicuous Part of each Quay

or Wharf, and upon some other publick and conspicuous Places in the said Town ; and all such Penalties

shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant un-

der the Hand and Seal of the Mayor, or any Alderman, of the said Town of Kingston upon HuU% and

applied to the Uft of the said Company, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or

Chattels shall be so distrained; and in case no fumcient Distress can be found, it shall be lawful for the

said Mayor, or such Aldermen, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction for the said Town,

there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

LXII. Provided always, That the Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, so to be made by the said Commis-

sioners, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject to the Inspection and Controul of the said Com-

pany, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

LXIII. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to

Time, when they shall think proper, at a Meeting assembled for that Purpose, of which fourteen Days

Notice shall be previously given, in like Manner as other Notices of their Meetings are herein directed to be

given, to inspedt and connder the Bye-laws made by the said Commissioners; and, if they shall fee fit, to

annul or alter any of them, or to make others, for any the Purposes of this A&, or for regulating the

Elections of Commissioners, or for reducing the Quorum of Commissioners to any Number not less than

seven (which Quorum, when so reduced, shall have the like Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and

Purposes, by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them, are hereby inverted

with); and the Bye-laws so altered or made by the said Company, shall be put into Writing, and may

from Time to Time, be varied, altered, or repealed, and others made in their Stead, at a Meeting of the

said Company, to be held as aforesaid, but not by the said Commissioners, or otherwise ; and all such

7 - Bye-laws

