268

AUContredsfor

Building, &cc to

he confirmed by

Vestry.

Fotm of Indorse-

ment*

Directort and

Cuardians rr>ay

make Bye-laws.

Vo Bye-laws to

be valid till con-

firmed at next

General Meet-

ing.

Overseen of the

PoofjConft^bles,

&c. to aid, aiTift,

and obey Direct

tors*

C1. Penalty for

Refusal or Nc-

flc& of Duty.

Orerfeer?, Ac.

aggrieved may

appeal to the

Sessions,

whof; Judgment

shall be filial.

Directors, Ac.

i.npowered jo

appreLrn*^ Va-

grants, and oil

difotdfrly Per»

foi.s neglecting

Id ma ntain ihcir

I; ami Iks,

C. 21* Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any Contract or Agreement made by the said

Directors and Guardians for erecting any new Buildine, or for the hiring or purchasing any Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, or for the borrowing of Money on Bond or Security, or for the felling or

djfpofing.of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to the said Pariflj, under the Authority

of this Act, shall be valid and effectual, every such Contraft or Agreement respectively shall be laid before

the Vestry of the said Parish, at some public* Meeting, for their Approbation and Confirmation ; and if

such Contraft or Agreement shall, at such Meeting, be approved and confirmed by a Majority of the

Vestrymen then present (such Majority being not less than nine in Number), the lame shall be certified

by the Chairman of such Vestry for the Time being, who shall sign his Name to an Indorsement, to be

made on every such Contraft or Agreement, in the following Form; videlicet*

* T Chairman of the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone% held

* X at the Court House, on the Day of do hereby certify, that the within

4 Contraft or Agreement (as the Cafe may be) was approved and confirmed according to the Direction

4 of this Act. Witness my Hand,

And such Certificate or Indorsement shall be entered in the fame Form in the Book or Books containing

the general Proceedings, Orders, and Regulations, of the said Vestry.

XLV I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians

shall have, and they are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority, at any of their General Meet-

ing?, to make, from Time to Time, such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, as well for the

better governing, employing, and supporting, the said poor Persons in the said Parish, and for the carrying

on any Trade that shall be set on Foot for the Employment of the said Poor, and for other the Ends and

* Purposes of this Act, and from Time to Time afterwards to repeal, alter, or amend, such Bye-laws,

Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, as to them the said Directors and Guardians shall seem meet, so that

fuchJiye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are not repugnant to the Laws of the Land.

XLVII. Provided always. That nor such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, shall be good,

valid, or effectual, until confirmed by the next or subsequent General Meeting, at which General Meet-

ing nine or more Directors and Guardians shall be then present, and assenting thereto; and the Sum-

monfes for such Meeting for the Making or Confirmation of Bye-laws shall express that such Meeting is

for that Purpose in particular.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That all Overseers of the Poor, Constables, or other Parish Offi-

cers for the Time being of the said Parish, except the Churchwardens and Sidefmen of the said Parish for

the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, aid and assist the said Directors

and Guardians to the best of their Power, and shall at all Times obey their Warrants and Orders relative

to the Execution of this Act: And in case any Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer, shall

neglect or refuse to obey such Warrants or Orders, every such Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other

Officer, so neglecting or refilling, shall be summoned, by Writing under the Hands of any three Directors

and Guardians, to appear at the next Meeting of the said Directors and Guardians to be holden as afore-

said ; and if such Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer so summoned, shall neglect or refuse

to appear at such Meeting, or if appearing, he or any of them shall not sufficiently excuse or justify him

or themselves, but shall, in the Judgment of the major Part of the said Directors and Guardians present

at fitch Meeting, be adjudged guilty of disobeying such Warrant or Warrants, Order or Orders; that

then, and in every such Cafe, all and every Person and Persons so adjudged guilty as aforesaid shall forfeit

and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; to be levied by Distress and bale of the Offender’s Goods,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace in and for the said County of Mid-

dlesex\ and such Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Directors and Guar-

dians, and shall, by him or them, be carried to the Account of the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish, to be

applied in Aid of the said Rate 5 but if any such Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer, so

offending, and convicted as aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, that then it shall and may be lawful

for such respective Overseer to appeal to the next General Sessions. of the Peace to be holden for the said

County against the Judgment of the said Meeting, and the Justices for the said County, at such Sessions

assembled, shall and may hear and determine such Appeal, and may mitigate or set aside such Penalties in

such Manner, and award such reasonable Costs, as they shall think proper; and the Judgment of such

Justices, at such Quarter Sessions, shall be final, without any other Appeal.

4 XLIX. And whereas divers Persons belonging to, and who ought by the Laws now in Force to be

* relieved by, the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, are found wandering and begging in the said Parish,

4 and committing Acts of Vagrancy, and misbehaving themselves, by ex poling in any indecent Manner

4 their Persons or Limbs: And whereas divers Persons, by reason of their idle and disorderly living,

4 neglect or refuse to maintain or threaten to desert their Families, not being able to maintain themselves,

4 and if Power were given to apprehend such Persons, and fend them to such Workhouse or Workhouses,

4 there to be dealt with in Manner herein mentioned, it would tend to inure them to a Habit of Indultry,

4 and make them useful to the Publick;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the

said Directors and Guardians shall and hereby have Power and Authority to receive, and to order and com-

pel all and every Person found wandering and begging in the said Parish, or committing Acts of Vagrancy;

and nlfo all and every idle and disorderly Person, neglecting or refusing to maintain or threatening to desert

their Families, not being able to maintain themselves, and who shall belong to, or ought, by any Law

now in Force, to be relieved and provided for by the said Parift), to come into, work, dwell, and inhabit

such Workhouse or Workhouses, as shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, and to detain, keep, main-

lain, and employ all such respective poor Persons therein, so long as it shall not appear to the said Directors

and

e

