Av D» *776* Aijno teima, fextQ IW# A C. 46, 47* 5P5

•. . . . *: q ..,/{ ! * . 1 . j — '; • . ', n ' : , . 1

• 1 . r. ,C. A P* ’ XLVI. • * 1 1 •

An Act to Enable the Cornmi/Tioners of h\s MajestyY Treasury to order; and allow; our of

the MoOey fifing by'the'Coinage Duty, a certain $um .therein mentioned, so; the E^t-

pence of prdfecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, overhand above th<*

' $uni yearly'allowed for that Purpose. * ,;l / ' ' tJ t ;r " 1

4 WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Preamble.

4 VV Second (intituled, An At7 for the mire tjfeftualpreventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of

* this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin), it is, amongst other Things, enacted,

High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall

A& 15 Geo. lU.

recited.

That the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords' Commissionefs of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and

may order and allow, out of the Money ftrifing by the Coinage Duty, such Sum of Money, for defray-

f ing the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, as he or they shall lee

4 fit, provided that the said Expences do not, in any one Year, exceed the Sum of six hundred Pounds:

* And whereas the Expences necessarily incurred in prosecuting such Offenders, during the Course of the

‘• Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and

4 one thousand sevendmndred and seventy-four; amounted to*he Sum of one thou fa n’d one hundred and

* fifty-two Pounds and Eight-pence Halfpenny, -over and above the Sum of six hundred Pounds allowed

•4 in each of those Years for that Service 5 and as the Law now stands; the said Sum of one thousand one

€ hundred and fifty-two Pounds and Eigbt^pence Halfpenny cannot be brought to Account;’ may it

<hereforo*please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;'and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Corneal of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,; in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same; That the Commissioners of his Ma^

jesty’s Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three orvmore of them, or the High Treasurer for the

Time being, shall and may, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, order and allow such farther

.Sum, not exceeding oncthoufpnd one hundred ‘and nifty-two Pounds and Eigh t-pence Halfpenny, for the

Expences of the said Prosecutions; during the Course of the said Yearte One thousand seven hundred and

Seventy-two, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-thrte, and One thousand seven hundred and seventy-

four, over and above the said fix huridretf^obnds limited yearly* * the said redted A ft, or any other Law,

^Statute, Provision, or Wage,1 to the contrary necwithstandiftg* - < . , , '

; . ' \ , \ *P a p. ^vii. {.7 ‘ *; \

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain

• and Trdandy arid‘the British P6[rtinions in Europe * and for regulating the Fees to be taken

by. the Officers of the Customs in the Hand of Newfoundland* ; t .................

* WHEREAS b'y cn Act^ made in the last Session of Parliament, intlfulcd^/b for the Encou-

/* \ V ragernent of the Fif cries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Eu-

4 rope, and for securing the Rctui n of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the

4 Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season, certain Bounties were granted to induce his Majesty’s

4 European Subjects to carry on the Whale Fi&ery in the Gulph 0/ Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of

4 Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights: And

4 whereas a valuable Whale Fishery has been lately discovered in the Seas to the Southward of the Latitude

4 of forty-four Degrees North ; for carrying on which it is necessary that the Ships to be employed therein

4 fhoulti be fitted out at a different Season of the Year from that mentioned in the said in Part recited Act,

4 and it is just and expedient that the like Bounties should be granted to Ships so fitted out and employed

4 in such FisheryMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted Dy the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament act’embled, and by the Authority of the fun'. That the several

Bounties hereafter mentioned shall be allowed annually for eleven Years, for five Vrfiels which fin 11 be

employed in the said Fishery in the Seas to the Southward of the Latitude of forty-four Degrees North,

under the Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed ; (that is. to say) Such Vcficls shall appear by

t their Register to be British builr, and owned by his Majesty's Subjecis refidir.g in Great Britain or Ireland,

or the islands of Guerrfcy, Jersey, or Alan, and navigated with Three-fourths of his Majesty’s Subje^s of

Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernfy, jersey, or Man, bTides the M:\fter, and [bail be firted

■ and cleared out from some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guerrfcy, 'Jersey, or Alan,

after the first Day of August and before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

fix, and between the first Day of August and the first Day of November in each succceding Year, and shall

take and kill one Whale at the lead in the said Seas, to the Southward of the said Latitude of forty-four

t Degrees North,- and shall return, before the first Day of AuguJi next following in each Year, to some Poet

in England, with the Oil of such Whale or Whales so taken as aforesaid ; and on the Mafrcr and Mate

. of such Vessel, and two of the Mariners belonging tp her^making Oath before the Collector and Comp-

troller of the Custoins at the Port of her Arrival (which Oath they are hereby atithorifi-d and required

to administer), that such Oil is tbcProduce of one or more Whale or VVhales taken and killed by the

Crew then belonging to such Vessel, mentioning the Time when flic departed from Great Britain or Ire-

. land, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and from w’hat Port, and the Time and Place where

. such Whale or Whales was pr were taken and killed, such Qil may be landed without Payment of any

., • ' “ ‘ * ’ '4 F 2 ' ‘‘ ' v - ' Duty

1,1511. OS. 8d.

Halfpenny ex-

triordtnary to be

allowed for de-

fraying Expences

of Prosecutionl

relating to the

Coin, during the

Years 1771,

1773, and *"74«

PteaniMe^

AaiSC<odJI.

recited.

Bounties to he

a! ewrd, for i|

Ye vi5, to Vef*

fcls fitted out

from Gieac Bii.

tain, ,^tc. for the

Wh.lc Fishery

In the Seas

Southward of

I af. 44 Degrees

North,

