Preamble*

43a 0.4,5. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

within fourteen ©ays; it shall be lawful for fils Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to iffufc i ProcTamSfioft

for the Meeting of the Parliament) upon such Day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen

Days Notice or such Appointment, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet upon such Day, and con-

tinue to fit and a ft in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued

to the same Day.

This Act to III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall continue and

coaturaeinForce ^ jn Forcc for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextSessionof Parlia-

fot fcrca Ycm. meat; ^ nQ jonger#

• t CAP. IV.

An Act for grlnting an Aid to fits Majesty by a Land-Tax, to be raised in Great Britain\ for the Scrtic6

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six. 4 s.

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire’, Mafia-

ebufet's Bay, Rhode t Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three

Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and

Georgia, during the.Continuance of the present Rebellion within the /aid Colonies re^

mc^ivily y for repealing riiifna’de in the fourteenth Year of the Reigii of his present

Majesty,. /!? disi'continue {heLanding and Discharging, Lading or Shipping, $ ^G'oo&s, Warcs±

and Merchandise, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in ti t ProVirice of. Massa*

chufet’s Bay; and also ttoo Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining

the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and

to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Par-

dons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many Persons in the Colonies of New Hampshire, Mafiachufet's Bay, Rhode Island,

Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delaware% Ma-

ryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,.hnd Georgia, have set themselves in open Rebellion

$nd Defiance-to jtheJuft and legal Authority of the. King and Parliament of Great Britain, to which they

ever have been, and of Right ought to be, subject; and Have assembled together an armed Force, en-

gaged his Majesty’s Troops, and attacked his Forts; have usurped the Powers of Government, and

prohibited all Trade and Commerce with this Kingdom, and the other Parts of his Majesty’s Domi-

pipps: For the more speedily and- effectually suppressing such wicked and daring Designs* and for pre-

venting any Aid, Supply, or Assistance, being sent thither during the Continuance of the said rebellious

and treasonable Commotions/, be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

presentParliameny assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Manner of Trade and Commerce

is and shall be prohibited with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecti-

cut r New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delate are, Maryland, Virginia,

North Carolina, South ^Carolina, and Georgia; and that all Ships and Vessels of or belonging to the Inha-

bitants of the said Colonies, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, and all other Ships

and Ycflcls whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which shall be found trading

In any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading, in any such Port or

Place* shall become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the fame were the Ships and Effects of open Enemies,

and shall be so adjudged, deemed, and taken in all Courts of Admiralty, and in all other Courts what-

soever. ... .

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Aiithority aforesaid. That

nothing in this Act mall extend, or be conftriicd to extend, to such Ships and Veltcls as shall be actually

retained pr employed in his Majesty’s Service, or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with ProvifiOns

ior the Use of his Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town

or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of his Majesty’s Troops, provided the Masters of such Ships arid

^Vessels respectively shall produce a Licence in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Ad-

jniral of Great Britain for the Time being, or of three or more Commissioners for the Time being For

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of the Commanders of his Majesty’s Fleets

or Armies, or of. the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's

Pplopies or Provinces not herein before mentioned, specifying the Voyage in which such Ship or Venel

/Wall b,e employed, anjd expressing the Time for which such Licence (Hall subsist and he in Force, and also

expressing the Quantity.an^ Species of the said Stores and Provisions on Board : And if any Goods, Wares,

or Merchandises, other than Stores and Provisions for his Majesty’s Use, or Provisions for the Use of the

Inhabitants, of ai^y Town or Place garrisoned arid possessed by his Majesty’s Troops, shall be found on

Board such Ships or Vessels (the necessary Stores for the Ship’s Use, and the Baggage of the Passengers,

only excepted), in any or either of those Cafes, the said Goods, Wares, arid .Merchandises, shall be for-

feited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the Manner herein after directed.

/ III. And, for the Encouragement of ^the Officers apd Seamen of his Majesty’s Ships of War,’ be it

further enacted. That the Flag Officers* paptains, Comrii&nders, and bther commissioned Officers in his

Majesty's Pay, and also the Seamen, Marihes, arid Soldiers on Briard, fHall have the foie Interest and

Property

All Tr*de •*<)

C#fmx;erce with

the rebellious

Colonies pro-

hibited, on Pain

of Forfeiture of

Vessels, Cargoes,

Ac*

Pmifo*

Properfj of

Ji|i f’riiPS vt sted

in the Captors.

G >gle

