4-22

But not to tm-

power them to

make any Cuts

for Water cross

the Road, To as

to injure the

Lands to be

drained by this

AO.

Limitation of

Aliiont.

General I flue.

Treble Costs*

Publick Act«

:PrtaniWe.

Commissionert

Karnes.

C. 66. Anno decitno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775,

Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tidd Goat, in the Isle of Elv, and from \V\foech aforesaid through

OutweJl to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Aois for repairing the

said Road between Wisbech and March, and also for charging certain Lands in YValderfea and on Wilbech.

South Side> towards the Repairs of the Walderlea and South Side Banks, which before the passing of the said

Act were liable to such Repairs; or either of them ; or be construed to extend to invalidate, lefl'en, diminifti,

alter, abridge, prejudice, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities veiled in the said

Trustees respectively appointed, or to be appointed, in and by virtue of the said several Acts; but that all

Rights, Powers, and Authoiities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said several Acts are now vetted in

the Trustees thereby and by virtue thereof respectively appointed, or any of them, shall hereafter lemain,

continue, and be in the said Trustees respectively, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if this Act had neve.r been made; except with regard to the Drain called Hammond's

Eau, and the new Cut, in Crollode, which cross the said Road, which the said Commissioners hereby ap-

pointed, and their Successors, are hereby authorised and impowered to fill up, and take and carry away

the Bridges across the said Drains,* provided they shall and do erect sufficient Temporary Bridges during

the Time of taking the said Bridges away, and shall and do also well and sufficiently fill up the said Drains,

and make as complete a Passage over the said Drains as in any other Part of the said Road.

CXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of the said Turnpike Roads,

under or by virtue of the said two recited Acts of Parliament, made in the fifth and seventh Years of his

present Majesty King George the Third, shall have no Power or Authority whatsoever to make any Cat

or Cuts, Passage or raffages, for the Water cross the said Road, so as in any Manner to injure or da-

mage any of the Lands or Grounds comprised in this present Act, or intended to be thereby drained and

preserved.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Infor-

mation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to

be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar

Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the particular

County or Liberty where such Offence shall be supposed to have been done, and not elsewhere; and the

Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in

replevin may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority (as Commissioners of

Sewers are able to do), and give the special Verdict in Evidence without specially pleading the same, other-

wife than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fadl alleged to have been done

was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done,

or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County, Liberty, or Place, than as aforesaid,

then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs shall become Nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if

any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, either in Demurrer or otherwise; then and in any of

the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for

which he, (he, or they shall have like Remedy as when Costs by Law are awarded.

CXVII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed

a Publick Act; and all Judges or Jiifticcs, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof

as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of JViJlecb

- Saint Peter's and JViJbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of JViJbech Murrow and JVtfi

lech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

4 \A/HER E AS the several Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Wifiech Saint Peter's and Wifi

4 VV. been Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of JViJbech Murrow and JViJbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of

4 Ely> in the County of Carrbridgey containing seven thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and abutted and

4 bounded as follows ; (that is to say,) Towards the Weft by Murrow Bank, towards the South by the

4 North Bank of the River Nene in Part and the Town of JViJbech in Part, towards the East by the said

4 Town in Part and the Weft Bank of the said River Nene in Part and the Lands in Lever if, y ton in Part*

4 and towards the North by the Lands in Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove, are much annoyed

4 with Waters for want of a proper Drainage, and if the fame be cffedlually drained, great Benefit will

4 accrue as well to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds as to the Publick; but

4 there are no Powers or Provisions now in Force, by virtue of or under any Commission of Sewers, or

4 Law in being, sufficient for the effedling the fathe ; nor can the said Lands and Grounds be effectually

4 drained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Webb Seymour commonly called Lord IVebb %-

mour. Sir Clement Trajford, Sir Philip Vavasor, John JVarren Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Patrick Venn*

Doctor in Divinity, Lawrence Banker, Philip Burton, John Chcttoe, Richard Cumberland, Edward Didin-

son% Bartholomew Edwards, John Edwards, Robert Ffiler, Aungier Peacock*, Armstead Parker^ Rogers Parker,

Robert Palmer, Richard ReynoldEdmund Rolfe, John Sumpter, Daniel Swaine, Spelman Swainc, Matthew

IVyIdborey John IVaddington, Maximilian Western^ John Balchen JTcjly and Thomas Jenkirfcn JVcodzvarJ

E{quires; Thomas Cooky John Dickinson, Thomas Forjler. JVilUam Greaves, James Harris, Anthony Reyn; I/:,

Anthony Sunder Jon ^ and John Twcllsy Clerks; John Abbott, James Ashley the Elder, John Burch, Joseph

Bait or^

