A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III,

C. 16. 245

Pecuniary Pe-

nalties to be

paid at the Rate

of 4s. 8d. Ster-

ling the Spinifti

milled Dollar,

This Act not to

extend to any

Province, while

any Law of such

Province for

providing Quar-

ter*, Sec. shall

be in Force,

Civil ^fagi-

flnres, Arc. may*

by mutual A-

grerment, pro-

vide Quarters,

Arc.

Limitation of

A3 ion s.

General Issue.

Ferries, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pass over with his Party as Paf-

fengers, or to hire the Ferry-boat entire to himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time in his

Option ; and in case he shall chuse to take PafLge for himself and Party as Passengers, he shall only pay

for himself, and for each Person, Officer or Soldier, under his Command, Half of the ordinary Rate pay-

able by (ingle' Persons at any such Ferry ; and in case he shall hire the Ferry-boat for himself and Party,

he shall pay Half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats ; and in such Places where there are no

regular Ferries, but that all Passengers hire Boats at the Rate they can agree for. Officers-with or without

Parties are to agree for Boats at the Rates that other Persons do in the like Cafes.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sum and Sums of Money

mentioned in this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever to be incurred or forfeited for any Of-

feree, Cause, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to be done, committed, or omitted to be done, in his Ma-

jesty’s Colonies and Dominions in America, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be,

and shall be paid and forfeited in lawful Money of the Colony or Place where the fame shall be forfeited

or become due, at the Rate of four Shillings and Fight-pence Sterling Money for a Spanish milled Dollar,

and not othersife.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act con-

tained, touching the quartering his Majesty’s Forces, and the supplying them in their Quarters, and the

furnishing Carriages on their Marches, and on other necessary Occasions, shall extend, or beconftrucd to

extend, to any Province, Colony, or Plantation, during such Time as any Law of such Province, Co-,

lony, or Plantation, which shall have received the Confirmation of his Majesty in Council, shall be in

Force for providing Quarters for his Majesty’s Officers and Soldiers, and for furnishing them in their

Quarters, and for providing Carriages for them on Marches, or on any other necessary Occasion, within

such Province, Colony, or Plantation.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Troops shall march through, or be

Rationed in, any Place in North America, it shall and may be lawful for the Civil Magistrates, Scleft-men,

or other Person or Persons (appointed by Act of Parliament, or by any Law of such Province, Colony,

or Plantation, as aforesaid, to quarter and make Provision for Troops), as likewise for the Officer com-

manding the Troops so marching or (lationed, as aforesaid, by mutual Agreement, signed by the respective

Parties, to provide Quarters for the said Troops, in ary Manner most convenient to them and to the

Country, any Act or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no Expence be brought on the

Crown by such Agreement,

XXXv. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or

Suit, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Act, Matter, or Thing* done

or acted in pursuance of this Act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or persons

so sued to plead thereto the General Issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give the special Matter

in Evidence to the Jury who shall try the Cause; and if the Verdict therein shall pass for the Defendant

or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall become nonsuit, or fufl'er a Discontinuance, or

by any other Means Judgment therein shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; that in

every such Cafe the Justice or Justices, or other Judge or Judges of the Court in which such Action shall

be brought, shall, by Force and Virtue of this Act, allow unto such Defendant or Defendants his or their

Treble C’ofts, which he or they shall have sustained or be put to by reason of the Defence of such Suit,

for which Costs such Defendant and Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cafes where Cods

are by the Law given to Defendants.

4 XXXVI. And whereas, during the Continuance of this Act, there may be Occasion for the march-

* ing and quartering of feme of his iMajesty’s Marine Forces in some Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions in

€ America ;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act, and all and Angular

the Clauses and Provisions herein mentioned and contained, as well relating to the quartering and billet-

ting of his Majesty’s Land Forces in his Dominions in America, and providing them with Carriages

on their Marches, as also relating to 'all and every other Provision, Regulation, Penalty, Punishment,

Matter, and Thing, herein provided, enacted, and made, with respect to the said Land Forces, shall be

deemed, construed, and taken to extend, and the fame, and all and every Part and Parts thereof, and of

this Act, are, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, hereby extended to his Ma-

jesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Marine Forces had herein been particularly mentioned

in Coniunftion with his Majesty’s other Forces.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act, and every Thing herein

contained, shall continue and be in Force in all his Majesty’s Dominions in America, from the twenty-

f<Hjrth Day of Marchy in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, until the twenty-fourth

Day of March, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

CAR XVI.

An Act to enable Sir Nigel Grejley Baronet, and Nigel BorJcyer Grejley Esquire, his Son, to

make and maintain a navigable Cut or Canal from certain Coal Mines in Apedale to

Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford.

* TWHEREAS Sir Nigel Grejley Baronet, and Niger Bowyer Grejley Esquire, Son and Heir-apparent preamble#

VV of the said Sir Nigel Grejley, are Proprietors of several considerable Mines, Rows, and Veins of

€ Coal, situate within the Manor of Apedale, in the County of Stafford : And whereas the making a navi-

€ gable Cut or Canal from the said Coal Mines to Neweajllt under Lyme, in the said County, will be of

S 4 particular

Treble Coltl*

This Act to ex-

tend to Marine

Forces while on

Shore in Ame-

rica.

Tliii Act to bm

in Force from

March 24,1775#

to March 24,

1777.

