024

Pilots acting

without a Li -

crnctf, to forfeit

loi.

Licenfr'. Pilots

not doinj iheir

Duty, on proper

Notice, to forfeit

lol.

Pilots mi/hehav-

ing, their Li-

cences may be

recalled.

Penalty on Pi-

lots acting after

their Licences

are reddled, dec.

Security to be

given for Pilo-

tage of outward-

bound Vessels,

r Pilots may

refuse to conduct

them.

Ra'esof Pilo-

&gt.

C. 6it Anno deciir.o sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

proper Hand-writing of seven or more of the f.iid Trustees: And every such Person or Persons respectivelyr

fnallfrom thenceforth be deemed duly qualified to exercise and follow the Occupiiion or Business of a

Pilot or Pilots within the Port of Chester as aforesaid; and that no more than five Shillings shall be taken

by the Clerk of the said Trustees for the writing* filling up, or compleating of any one Licence \ and

no such Licence so to be granted as aforesaid dial I continue in Force for any longer Time or Term

than three Years from the Date thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, not

being licensed as aforesaid, shall, from and after the 'Time that the said Trustees (Fall have fixed a proper

Number of Pilots, take upon him or themselves to conduit or pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the

said Port of Chester, or if any Pilot so licensed as aforesaid shall, after the Expiration of such his Licence,

continue to act as a Pilot without the Renewal of the fame; every such Person or Persons (hull, for every

such OffVncc, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Autho:ity aforesaid. That in case any Pilot, who shall re»

reive such Licence as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to *ake the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or

Vessel outward-bound, upon proper Notice being fiift given to such Pilot, or if any such Pilot fha 11 be

plying betwixt Dalpocle in the County of Chester aforesaid, and Wcfbward of Chcfler~bar% and upon a Gun

being fired, or an Ensign being hoisted in a Weft, or other usual Signal given from any Ship or Vessel*

shall refuse or neglect forthwith to board and take under his Charge or Care such Ship or Vessel, or, if

any such Ship or vessel cannot be boarded without imminent Danger, such Pilot shall refuse or neglect to

lead the Way with his Boat, every.such Pilot shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear to the said

Trustees, or any five or more of them, that any Pilot or Pilots so licensed as aforesaid shall have mifbe-

haved him or themselves in the conducing of any Ship or Vessel, or in the Execution of any other Part

of his or their Duty as a Pilot or Pilots, or if such Pilot or Pilots shall refuse to obey any Summons of

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, requiring his or their Appear*

ance before the said Trustees, or shall not obey all such Orders as the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, shall make in the Premises, or in anywise offend or misbehave him or themselves as a Pilot or

Pilots 5 then, and in any such Cafe, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, upon Examination

thereof, are hereby authorised and empowered to recal the Licence or Licences granted to such Pilot or

Pilots respectively, and to declare the fame to be from thenceforth revoked and utterly void, or to fuf-

pend such Pilot or Pilots for such Time as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, {hall think

proper: And if any such Person or Persons so offending or misbehaving him or themselves (after Notice

in Writing of his Licence being recalled, or of his being suspended as aforesaid, given to him or them in

Person, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode) shall presume to act as a Pilot or Pilots in conducting

any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, into or out of the Port of Chester, he or they shall be subject to the

like Penalty as Persons acting as Pilots, without being licensed by the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act

are fubie& to.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Pilots so to be

licensed as aforesaid shall be requested by the Matter, Commander, Owner, or Agent, of any Ship or

Vessel outward-bound, to take the Charge or Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful

to and for such Pilot, previous to his taking such Charge or ConduCl, to demand a sufficient Security from

such Matter, Cdmmander, Owner, or Agent, for the Payment of such Pilotage outward, according to the

Rates and Prices herein after mentioned, or that shall be fixed by the said Trustees, or any. thirteen or

more of them; and if such Commander, Owner, or Agent, shall refuse to pay such Rates, or give such

Security, then, and in such Cafe, such Pilot may refuse to conduct or pilot such Ship or Vessel as afore-

said, without being subject to or incurring any of the Penalties inflicted by this Act on Pilots refusing to

take the Charge or Conduct of Ships or Vessels as aforesaid.

4 XXXVIII. And, for preventing exorbitant Demands being made by any Pilot or Pilots, so to be

4 licensed as aforesaid, for the conducting or piloting any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of

4 Chester,’ beitenadted by the Authority aforesaid, That no greater Rates for Pilotage shall be demanded

or taken by any such Pilot or Pilots than what is or are heiein after mentioned 9 that is to say.

Far piloting or conducing any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects into the said

Port of Ckcjler, from the Length of the Great Ormshead on the Coast of Wales, bearing South and by

Weft, to the City of Chester, during the Winter Season, the Sum of nine Shillings a Foot for every Foot

of Water such Ship or Vessel so to be piloted or conduced shall then draw; such Winter Season to begin

and commence on the first Day of October, and end on the thirty-first Day of March yearly, both Days

inclusive: -And for piloting or conducing any such Ship or Vessel out of the said Port of Chester from the

City of Chjler to the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid, during the Winter Season, to be computed

as aforesaid, the Sum of six Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted

cr conducted out of the said Port, shall then draw:—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or

Vefiel into the said Pent of Chester from the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid to the said City of

Chester, during the Summer Season, the Sum of seven Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship

of Vessel so to be piloted or conducted as aforesaid shall then draw; such Summer Season to begin and

commence on the li. ft Day of Api //, and end on the thirtieth Day of September yearly, both Days inciu-

five :—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out of the said Port of Ckcjler from the faiJ

City of Chester to the Length of the Great Onnjheady during the*like Summer Season, the Sum of five

Sh hings

boogie

