A.D. 1775.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 23.

279

serve, or furnish, any Beds, Bedding, Clothes, Vidluals, or other Thing, for the Use of the Poor

in the Workhouse of the said Paiifli; but the fame shall be bought and provided by the said Guardians

r Governors, or any five or more of them,

XXIX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Churchwardens,

or Overseers of the Poor, or either of them, from ordering the Person with whom such Things {hall be

deposited to deliver to any poor Person, not in the Workhouse, Cloathing, or Victuals, for their imme-

diate Relief, which Things such Person is hereby required to deliver pursuant to every such Order.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted

to or veiled in such Guardians or Governors, shall and may, from Time to T ime, be exercised by the

major Part of them who shall attend any publick Meeting, to beholden as herein before mentioned, a

sufficient Number of Guardians or Governors, according to the several Directions hereby given, being

present at such publick Meeting; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Guar-

dians or Governors {hall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Guardians or

Governors for the Time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of

diem, {hall and may, at any publick Mooting in pursuance of this Act, make such Rules, Orders, and

Regulations, for the better Disposition of the Monies aforesaid, and for the better relieving, maintaining,

governing, employing, educating, and regulating the Poor of the said Parish, as to them shall appear

necessary or expedient, so as such Rules and Regulations shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this

Realm.

XXXII. Provided always. That no such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, to be made by the said Guar-

dians or Governors at any publick Meeting as aforesaid, shall be valid or in Force, unless the fame shall

be confirmed at the next Meeting of the said Guardians or Governors, after the making such Rules, Or-

ders, or Regulations; and the fame, when so made and confirmed, shall be of the fame Force and Effedt

for the Purposes hereby intended, as if the fame were enacted in the Body of this Act; and no Rules,

Orders, or Regulations, so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be afterwards repealed or altered, un-

less at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and at which Meeting a greater Number of the said Guar^

dians or Governors shall be present and concur therein than were present at the making; or confirming

such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, as aforesaid; nor {hall any such Repeal or Alteration be deemed

effectual, unless the fame shall be confirmed at the next subsequent Meeting of the said Guardians or

Governois.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of

them, shall and may, at any public Meeting, order and direct the said Treasurer or Treasurers, from

Time to Time, to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall thmk necessary for the Purposes of this

Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers are hereby authorised and required to pay the fame from Time

to Time accordingly; which Sum or Sums of Money so paid shall be allowed him or them in his or their

Accounts respcdtivcJy.

XXXIV And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of

them, shall and are hereby impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, or cause to be kept, maintained,

and employed, all such Poor of the said Parish in any Workhouse or Workhouse* erected or to be erected

in the said Parish, and to purchase Materials for that Purpose, and to take the Benefit of the Work, La-

bour, and Service, of every such Person or Persons; to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act, and

the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them,

frail, and they are hereby impowered to purchase, or contract and agree, from I ime to l ime, as they

frail think fit, with any Person or Persons, for all Provisions, Necessaries, and Materials, of what Kind

ibever, which shall he brought into the said Workhouse, or for the Use of the Poor; and also to contract

r agree for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing, any or all such Poor of the said Parish

(four Day* previous Notice being given in one of the publick Newspapers of the Time and Place of

making such Contract); and the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay,

or order the Payment of, the Monies due, or to become due, upon such Contrails and Agreements, to

the Person or Persons in titled to receive the same, out of the Monies to be raised and cclledted by Authority

of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised and collected, and all Fixtures, Furni-

ture, and other Things bought and provided for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be, and the

fame arc hereby veiled in the said Guardians or Governors for the Time being, for the Purposes of this

Act; who are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Adiions, or so prefer,*

or order the preferring, of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall {leal,

take, or carry away, any or any Part of such Things, the Property of which said Monies and Things shall

be laid in every such Adiion or Indictment to be the Property of the said Guardians or Governors; and-

very Adiion or Indictment so laid shall be held good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy, or receive*

into Pawn, any of the Clothes or Wearing Apparel, or any of the Victuals or Provisions, of any of the

Poor who shall be maintained, cloathed, or victualled, in the Workhouse of the said Parish; or shall

knowingly buy or receive into Pawn any of the Goods or Materials carried into the said Workhouse, or

any other House or Place, in order to be wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor of the said Parish,

or any of the Goods and Furniture of the said Workhouse; the Person or Persons so offending, and being

thereof convicted, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of any one or more credible

Witness o^Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, acting

for the Division of Finsbury. aforesaid, or any neighbouring Justice or Justices of the said County, shall,

for

while he held*

any Office.

Poor not in th«.

Workhouse may

be supplie.l wit I*

Clothes, See for

immediate Re-

lief.

Powers rested in

Guardians, Sec.

may be exe'eifed!

by the major

Part attending

publick Meet-

ings, Sec,

Guardians, Arc.

may make Re*

gulation*, Arc.

Orders and Re*

gulauons not to

be in F< rce, un-

hrf* confirmed at

next Meeting;

and not to be al-

tered, unless at

a Meeting for

that Purpose,

Treasurer to pay

Monies accord-

ing to the Order

of the Guar-

dians, &c.

Guardians Pow-

ers with respe&

to the maintain-

ing and employ-

ing of the Poor.

Contrails may

be entered into-

for Prov;ii inf.

Materials, Arc*

four Days No-

tice being givens

Property of Mo-

nies, Furniture,.

See. veftedin tUf

Guardians.

Person* taking-

Clothes or Ma-

terials belonging

to the Work-

house in pawn,

to forfeit 40,1.

