A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 6*2.

Duties hereby granted in respect of Foreign Ships and Vessels^&all only then continue, and be collected

and paid as aforesaid, for keeping the said Pier and other Works in good and sufficient Repair.

XLIII. Provided always. That no Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or any other Writing

whatsoever, in pursuance of or relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, shall be sub-

jest to any Stamp* duty whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person acting as a Trustee for putting in Execution this Act,

or any of the Trusts or Powers aforesaid relating to the said Pier of MevagiJle^ shall be capable of

having any Office or Place of Profit, arising or to arise by any of the Duties aforesaid, during the Time of

his holding such Office or Place of Profit: And the said Trustees shall at all such Meetings defray their

own Charges and Expeaces, and shall give such publick Notice of all their Meetings as (mil from Time

to Time be agreed upon by them, or any five or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act incurred, or

authorised to be imposed or levied (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby

particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chat-

tels, by Warrant of Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for

the said County of Cornwally or for the Place or Places where such Offence shall be committed (which

Warrant or Warrants the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Information

of any one or more credihle Wirnefe or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby

impowered and required to administer* without Fee or Reward); and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeit-

ures, when recovered (after rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and

Chattels shall be so dill rained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted), shall

go and be applied, and laid out, if not otherwise directed to he applied and dispoied of by this Act, for

and towards the Execution of the Purposes of this Act* and for Want of sufficient Distress, the said

Justices, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the Person or

Persons so convicted to the common Gaol of the said County or Place where such Offence shall be com-

mitted, there to remain for the Space of two Months, or until Payment of the respective Forfeiture shall

be made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order

or Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence or Offences committed,

or supposed to be committed, against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of

Cornwall, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar

Months after such Cause of Appeal shall happen, the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security

to the Satisfaction of the f id Justice or Justices to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Coifs

which shall be ascertained by the said General or Quarter Session, in case such Orders or Judgments shall

he affirmed y and the Justices at such General or Quarter Session are hereby authorised and required to hear

and determine, such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall

appear just, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and shall not be removed or remove-

able by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmnfler9

or elsewheie, and that no Order or Proceeding to be had or made by or before any Justice or Justices of

the Peace relating to the Execution of this Act shall be qualhed or vacated for want of Form only.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Part of the Goods and Chattels, to be at

any Time distrained by virtue of this Act (other than such Distress or Distreffes as shall be made for

Non-payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted), shall be fold till the Expiration of five Days

from the Day upon which such Goods and Chattels shall be distrained 5 and that it shall and may be law-

ful to and for the Person or Persons convicted, at any Time before the Expiration of the said five Days*,

to redeem such, Goods and Chattels, by Payment of the Money for which the feme shall have been so

distrained, together with the Costs and Charges of making such Distress.

XLVIII. And be it further enactedr That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted

against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act in relation to the

Premises, that in every such Cafe, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months

next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place

where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such

Action or Suit so to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special

Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by

the Authority of this Act : And if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Actions

shall be brought after the-Tirae before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other

County or Place, that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such

Vecdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit

after the Defendantpr Defendants shall have appeared or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mall and may recover Treble Costs, and

have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other

Cafes by Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick

Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other PerfoBS whomso-

ever, without specially pleading the same*

381

Writings not

to be liable to

Stamp-duty.

No Trustee ca*

pable of holding

•ny Place of

Profit.

Trusteea to de-

fray their own

Ex pence*.

Pend ties and

Forfeiture* hour

to be recovered

and applied.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter Sef*

fions.

Distress not to

be fold till artel

fit e* Days;

Limitit'on of

Actions.

General liTvly

Treble Costs?

Publick Aftr

CAP.

