A.D. 1776.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 53-

S 97

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all future Elc&ions, after the last Thursday in June next

enJuing the passing of this Act, the Year for which the Directors and acting Guardians, and other Offi-

cers, shall be chosen, toll commence on the first Da}' of Julyt and shall determine on the last Day of

June^ inclusive, in every Year, and toll and may be divided according to Calendar Months; and that

the said Directors and acting Guardians, appointed for each respective Quarter, shall take upon them, and

aft in their respective Offices on the/ifft Day uf the Month next immediately after each of the said Gene-

ral Quarterly Meetings.

XXill. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guar-

dians, so to be appointed as aforesaid for each and every Quarter in the Year, may, and they are hereby

authorised by Agreement amongst themselves, to subdivide themselves into Committees of seven, to act

for each Calendar Month in each Quarter, but so as not to preclude any other Director or acting Guar-

dian from being present, and voting, at any such Weekly or other Meeting as aforesaid ; and if there

shall not be present at any Meeting io ?ppointed to be held, five Directors and acting Guardians together

(two whereof toll be Diieftors) every Director, who by any such Agreement ought to have attended, and

toll be absent, toll, on due Proof by one Witness before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace for the said County, acting for the Division of the JJle of Wight, for every such Offence, forfeit the

fiim of twenty Shillings, and every Guardian, who by any such Agreement ought to have attended, and

toll be abfcnr, shall* on due Proof as aforefiiid, for every such Offence, forfeit1 the Sum of ten

Shillings; and such Forfeitures {hall be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant under tk&BUnd and Seal

of the Justice or Justices before whom such Proof is made, and when received or levied (Kail be paid to

the Treasurer of the said Corporation, and added by him to the common Stock for the Use of the Poor;

and the Adjudication of such Justice or Justices shall be final, to all Intents and Purposes, and no Appeal

or Certiorari toll be brought to remove, annul, or re-examine the fame: Provided always, That in case

the full Number of Directors and acting Guardians, required by this Act to be present at any such

Weekly Meetings, shall not attend at the fame, it toll and may be lawful to and for the Directors and

acting Guardians who shall be present, to adjourn such Meeting to some future Day ; but the Directors

and acting Guardians then present may nevertheless grant Relief to such poor Persons as toll then apply

for the fame.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Directors and acting Guardians for the

Time being shall have, and they are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority to make, from

Time to Time, such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders* and Constitutions, as well for the better governing the

said Corporation, as for the better governing, employing, and supporting, the said poor Persons in the

said Island, and for the carrying on any Trade that may be set on Foot for the Employment t>f the said

Poor, and for the other Purposes of this Act; and from Time to Time afterwards to repeal, alter, or

amend such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, or Constitutions, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians

shall seem meet, so that such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are not repugnant to the Laws

of the Land : Provided, that not less than fifteen of the said Directors and acting Guardians together (five

of which Number to be Directors) shall be present at every Meeting for the making, repealing, altering,

or amending such Bye laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions; and one Month’s previous Notice shall

be given of every such Meeting, with the Cause of holding the fame, to the Directors and acting Guar*-

dians for the Time being, (unless such Meetings be one of the four General Quarterly Meetings appointed

by this Act to be holden ; of which said Meetings all Persons who are required to attend are bound to

take Notice, without any previous Summons or Notice being given to them) and the major Part of the

Directors and acting Guardians present (of which major Part five at least to be Directors) shall give their

Assent to such Bye-Jaws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions: Provided also, That all Bye-laws, Rules,

Orders, and Constitutions, already made and established, and not by this Act altered or repealed, shall be

and remain in full Force, until repealed, altered, or amended, in Manner before mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any two or more of the Directors or acting Guardians

, of the Poor shall signify to the Clerk for the Time being, that it is their Desire that an extraordinary

Court or Assembly of the Directors and acting Guardians may beheld, that then the said Clerk of the

said Corporation shall, and he is hereby authorised and impowered to call such Court or Assembly, at such

Time and Place as the said Directors or acting Guardians shall desire, (provided that one Month’s pre-

vious Notice of such Court or Assembly shall be given, with the Cause of holding the fame; and that at

every such Court or Assembly not less than fifteen of such Directors and acting Guar'dians shall be present,

five of whom at the least shall be Directors;) at which special Meetings all and every Acts, Matters, and

Things, to be done and transacted by the Directors and acting Guardians there assembled, relative to the

Matters comprised in such Notice, shall be good, valid, and effectual* to all Intents and Purposes, as if

the fame had been done at a General Quarterly Meeting.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Meetings of the said Directors and aft-

ing Guardians, the Directors present toll, before the Persons assembled proceed to Business, elect one of

their own Number to be Chairman of the said Meeting, which Chairman shall have the fame Right to vote

as any other Member piefent; and all Questions which shall not be directed by this Act to be determined

by Ballot, or ordered by any Bye-law so to be determined, shall be determined by the Majority of Per-

fons present, and in case of an Equality of Votes, the Chairman of such respective Meeting toll have the

calling Vote.

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and

acting Guardians, at the Annual Meeting to be held on the said last Thursday in June (if they shall think

proper) to alter and change the Day of the Week whereon the twenty-one Directors and acting Guar-

dians so to be appointed to inspect, direct, manage, and provide for, the said poor People in the said

House, shall meet for the succeeding Year, and the Clerk for the Time being, shall cause immediate No-

5 tice

Commencement

of the Year as

to Directors, &c.

Year to be di-

vided into Ca-

lendar Months.

Quarterly Com-

mitter! may

subdivide them-’

(elves into

monthly ones.

Penalty on Noa-

at tendance*

Prot'ifo.

Fifteen Direct*

ors, tec* may

mike or altar

Bye-lawi.

Proviso, as to

present Bye-*

lawe.

Special Meet-

ings of Direct-

ors and aft inf

Guardians may

be called.

Chairman to be

elected.

How Qieftiona

to be deter-

mined.

Directors,

may alter the

Day of the

weekly. Meet*

ing.

