92

Purpose* of thi*

Att.

Secretary to be

appointed.

who shall take

the Oath.

Time of the

Commiftiooera

annual Meeting

for granting Li-

cences.

Licences to be

damped with a

5 i. Stamp.

Sums to be paiJ

by Persons tak-

ing out Licences.

No Licence to

Outhorife any

Porfon to keep

more than one

House j and to

No Commis-

fioner, while in

Office, to keep

any Hooic for

Lunaticks, See.

onPenaltyof5ol.

President to

summon Com-

missionrrt At-

tendance for the

First Meeting.

Two Commis-

sioners may call

a Meeting.

Chaeman to

have the caking

Vote.

Commissioners

to visit and in-

fyeft liccnl'ed

Houses.

At such Visita-

lion the C<*m-

ariithoners are to

make Minute*

of the State of

Houses.

C. 49. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

shall, at some Meeting, to be holden withip fourteen Pays next after they shall be elected as aforesaid,

chuse and appoint a proper Person to be their Secretary for’the Year then ensuing; and such Secretary

shall be paid such Salary or Gratuity, for his Trouble and Attendance in the Execution of his Office, by

the said Treasurer, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct 5 and

every such Secretary shall, at the next Meeting of the said Commissioners after he shall be so appointed,

take the following Oath :

* 1

4 T A. B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute all such Trusts as shall be Committed to my Charge,

‘ 1 as Secretary to the Commissioners for executing an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year

4 of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses\ and that I will keep

4 secret all such Matters as shall come to my Knowledge, in the Executioipjof my'Office, (except when

4 required to divulge the fame by legal Authority.) i

4 S6 help me GOD.’

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet

annually on the third Wednesday in the Month of Oftobery or within ten Days afterwards, in order to grant

Licences to Persons for keeping Houses for the Reception of Lunaticks for one Year, from the twentieth

Day of November then next ensuing, within th^said Cities of London and lfy/1minflery and within seven

Miles of the fame, and within the said County of Middlesex ; but Notice of the Place, and of the Day and

Hour of every Meeting for granting such Licences, (nail always be published three several Times in the

London Gazette, before the Day of Meeting for granting any such Licences (which Licences they are hereby

required to grant to all Persons who shall desire the fame) ; and all Licences to be granted by the said Com-

missioners shall be duly stamped with a five Shillings Stamp, and shall be under the Hands and Seals of

three or more of the said Commissioners, for each of which Licences there shall be paid to the said Secre-

tary, by the Person applying to take out the fame, the Sums following; (that is to say) For each and every

House wherein there shall be kept any Number of Lunatidrs, not exceeding ten, the Sum of ten Pounds j

and for each and every House wherein there shall be kept above ten, the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and no

more, over and above what shall have been.paid for the said Stamp 5 which Money shall be paid over by the

said Secretary to the said Treasurer; andithe further Sum of six Shillings and Eight-pence, and np more,

shall be paid on every such Licence to the said Secretary for his Fee.

IX. Provided always, That no one Licence shall authorise any Person or Persons to keep more Houses*

than one for the Reception of Lunaticks; nor shall any Licence, to be granted by virtue of this Act, con-

tinue in Force for any longer Time than for one Year.

be In Force only one Year.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, to be appointed afc

aforesaid. shall, directly or indirectly, during the Time he shall be a Commissioner, be interested in keep-

ing any House for the Reception of Lunaticks, upon Pain of forfeiting, for such Offence, the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XI. And be it further ena£led, That the President of the said College of Physicians for the Time being

shall, and is hereby required to cause Summons to be sent to the said several Commissioners, requiring theni

to attend at the first Meeting after they shall be appointed Commissioners, as aforesaid ; all which Summons-

shall be sent by the Beadle, or such other Person belonging to the said College, as the said President shall

think proper ; and shall be left at the respective Houses, or usual Places of Abode, of each Com-

missioner.

XII. Provided nevertheless. That in case any two Commissioners shall, at any Time or Times, think

proper to call a Meeting of the said Commissioners, such two Commissioners may themselves cause the like*

Notice to be given, and to be sent, in Manner aforesaid, to the other Commissioners, requiring their

Attendance at Fuch Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Notice.

XIII. Provided always, That at all Meetings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in

case of an Equality of Votes, the Chairman shall have the calling Vote.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, either by

themselves or with their Secretary, as they shall think fit, shall, and they are hereby required, once at least

in every Year, and whenever required by the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners

for the Custody of the Great Seal, or by the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, or by the

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the Time being, to visit and inspect all such Houses

as shall have been licensed by them, as aforesaid, between the Hours of Eight and Five in the Day-time ;

and may, in like Manner, at any other Time or Times, within the Hours aforesaid, visit and inspect all

such Houses as often as they, or any three or more of them, shall think necessary, and shall have, at all

such Times, Liberty and Power to continue in such House, and to examine the Persons confined as Luna-

ticks therein, for such Time as they shall think proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, shall, at every such

Visitation, make Minutes, in Writing, of the State and Condition of all such Houses which they shall so

visit, as to the Care of the Patients therein, and all such other Particulars as they shall think deserve their

Notice, together with their Observations thereupon; all which Minutes shall, within one Week next after

such Visitation, be by the said Secretary entered, by way of Report, in a Register to be kept by him in the

said College of Physicians for that Purpose, and the fame shall be read to, and signed by, the said Commis-

(toners, or any three or more of them, at their next Meeting; but no Minute which tends to impeach the

Character of any House shall be so entered, urilefs such Minute shall have been previously signed by three

or more of the said Commissioners, who shall have been present at such Visitation ; and in case the Com-

jniflioner®*

^.o ole

