4i 6 C. 65.

Anno decimo quinto Georgi III. A. D. 1775.

»n<J 5I. per Day

while such Erec-

tions shall con-

tinue.

Ko Houses to be

built, nor Trees,

Ac. planted,

nearer to Mills

than 50 Poles,

under the Pe*

aalty of tool.

Trres and Holts

now growing

within 50 Poles

n»ay be cut

down.

If Owners, Ac.

neglect to scour

or repair Dikes,

the fame to be

done at their

Expence.

Comm ffioners

annually 10 view

V-i repair fui h

Works as shall

be r.epletfed in

any of the said

Diflnds.

the refaedtive Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine, or other Device, into the Party Foot River or Drains

oi in any other Manner than by virtue of the Engines ertdltd, or to be erected, by virtue of this Act, ia

each of the said Distridts for draining the fame; every Person so discharging the said Water other than a»'

aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also the further Sum

of five Pounds per Day, for every Day which any such Erection as aforesaid shall continue or be used, to

any Person who shall iue for the fame; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Receiver or Collector for the

Time being of such Distridt or Division wherein or whereon such Erection shall (land or be made, and

to be applied for the Purposes of draining, embanking, and improving the said Fen Lands and Low*

Grounds lying or being within the same; and the Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine, or other Device*

shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person- and Persons who shall be in-

jured thereby, for the Damages such Person and Persons shall thereby sustain; and such Penalties, Com-

pensation, and Satisfaction, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin*

Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of

this Act, no Houses or Buildings, or any other Obstrudtions whatsoever, shall be credted or set up, or

Trees or Holts planted, either within the said several Distridts, or any of them respectively, or oh the

Outside thereof, nearer to any Mill or Engine already built, erected, or employed, or hereafter to be built,

erected,or employed for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, than fifty

Poles (being the role of eighteen Feet), or on any Bank within the Limits aforesaid (except on the Bank

called Northcy Bank) : And if any Person or Persons shall build oreredt any House, Barn, or other Building,

or shall plant any Tree or Holt, or set up, place, lay, or.put any other Obstruction whatsoever, within any

less Distance than fifty Poles, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such House or Building, the

Sum of one hundred Pounds ; to be recovered in like Manner as th« Penalties herein-before mentioned for

erecting Horse Mills, Giggs, Engines, or other Devices for throwing Water ; and for every Tree the Sum

of one Shilling, and five Pounds for every Holt or other Obstrudtion so planted or set up; which said Penalties

of one Shilling and five Pounds for the Offences aforesaid, are to be levied and paid in like Manner as the'

Penalties inflicted for cutting Hods or Turves within forty Feet of the said Banks: And the said Com-

missioners, or any three or moc of them, are hereby impowered, at any of their Meetings, by an Order

under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, to direct their Agents or Servants to take down

such Buildings so erected, and pull up and remove such Trees, Holts, and other Obstrudtions, so placed

contrary to this Act.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Trees or Holts are now growing within

the Distance of fifty Poles from any Mill or Engine already buiir, or hereafter to be built, within the-

Limits aforesaid, or on any of the Banks within the Limits aforesaid, (except the said Bank called The Nor-

they Bank,) it shall.and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the said several and respective Di -

tridls, or any three or more of them respectively, by like Order, under their Hands and Seals, to order the

fame to be pulled or cut down, as if the fame had been planted since the passing of this Act; making such:

Satisfaction to the Owners of such Trees and Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the

Commissioners, or any five or more of them ; or in case any Difference or Dispute shall arif<* between the

said Commissioners and such Owner, touching such Satisfaction, and the fame cannot be settled between-

them, then such Satisfaction and Recompence shall be finally determined, in such and the same Manner

as is herein-before mentioned and prescribed for ascertaining the Recompence to be made for Damage by

making and erecting any Works in pursuance of this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Oc-

cupier or Occupiers, of any Land lying within the Limits aforesaid, through which any Drove-way Dike,

Outring Dike, or Division Dike, leading to any of the Mill Drains within the said Distridls respectively

doth or shall pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such

Dike, or to make the fame of the Depth of four Feet, and the Width of eight Feet at lead, after fourteen

Days Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, from Time to Time, by the Collector or CoHedlors,

Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dikes to be roaded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deep-

ened, in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and Ex-

pencesof such Owners or Occupiers ; and that wherever a Road or Way shall have been made over or

across any such Dike without a sufficient Tunnel lying therein, to cause such Ways or Road3 to be taken

up, and such Dike to be made of a proper Width and Depth for conveying the Waters through the fame

to the several Mills or Engines erected, or to be erected, for draining the said Fen Lands and Low

Grounds, and by a Warrrant or Precept, under the Hands of three or more of the said Commissioners, to

levy such Charges and Expences as shall be occasioned by the deepening and widening of the said Dikes, or

taking up the said Roads, on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands through which

the said Dikes shall pass, or to which they shall be contiguous, or who mall make, or cause to be made,

such Road as aforesaid.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be law-

ful to and for the Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower Distridts for embapking, or any five or more

of them respectively, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, on the last Tuesday in March in every

Year, or at any other Time which they shall appoint for that Purpose, to enter into and upon the several

Lands and Grounds lying or being within either of the said Distridts, in order to view the several and re-

spective Banks and Works thereof, and to fee that the fame are in good and sufficient Repair; (that is to

say,) the said Commissioners for the said Upper Distridt, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, shall

and may enter into and upon the several Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits of the said Lower*

Distridt, and the said Commissioners for the said Lower Distridt (ffalh and may enter into and upon the

several

