OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

A

The TITLES of the ACTS of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

"A1

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 15 Georgii III.

N A ft to allow the Importation of Indian Com

and Maize, under certain Restrictions.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his

Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-five.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

5. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the

fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign

Parts of Utenjils made use of in the Cotton9 Linen, Wool-

len, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, as relates to

Wool Cards used in the Woollen Manufactures of this

Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of his Ma-

jestyvs Colonies or Plantations in America

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7., An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made

in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allow-

ing the Importation of salted Beef , Pork, Bacon, and But-

ter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited

Time; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts

to Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse.

S. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-five.

Vol. XII.

9. An Act to amend an Act, made in the ninth Year

the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and main-

taining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Na-

vigation to the City of Oxford.

10. An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the

Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and

Colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode island, and Provi-

dence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain,

Ireland, and the British Islands in the TVeJi Indies; and

to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on

any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other

Placed therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and

Limitations.

11. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eleventh Year

of his present Majesty's Reign, For improving and, cow

pie ting the Navigation of the River Thames ana Isis, from

the City of London to the Town of Crick lade, in the

County of Wilts.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners, acting by vir-

tue of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, For

draining andpreserving the North Level, Part of the Great

Level <tf the Fens, called Bedford Level, and divers Lands*

adjoiningthereto, in the Manor of Crowland; to charge

further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said

adjoining Lands.

n. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Hundreds of East and Ivejl Flegg, in the

County of Norfolk.

14. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the*

fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act' to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Tear of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-

tituled, An Act for the more effectual 1 reventing of Frauds

and Abuses committed by Perjotis employed in the Manufac-

ture of Hats, and in the Woollen. Linen, Fustian, Cotton,

Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair% and Silk

Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations,

of journeymen Dyers and journeymen Hot Prefers, and of

c all

' by

