A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 65.

producing proper Vouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein* within twenty Days after De*

mand thereof made from such Treasurer or Receiver; and in case of Non-payment thereof by such Trea-

surer or Receiver within the Time above limited for such Payment as aforesaid, that then it shall and may

be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners* Occupier or Occupiers* as aforesaid* upon Proof on Oath

being firftmade by them, or any of them, before anyone or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the

County of Huntingdon, not interested in the Premises, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and

Seals^of such Justice or Justices, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Stock, Goods and Chattels*

of the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Lands or Grounds lying within or being Part of the said third

Distridt, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) after deducting such Sum or Sums of Money, and the

Costs and Charges of such Distress, to such Occupier or Occupiers: And it shall and may be lawful for

such Occupier or Occupiers to deduct the Sum or Sums of Money, Costs and Charges, by hitnor them to

be paid, out of the Taxes by him, her, or them payable for or in respect of any Lands or Grounds lying

within or being Part of the said third Distridt, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof

in any wise notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any other Person, shall have

no Power or Authority whatsoever to cut or take any of the Land belonging to the said Matthew IVyldbore,

for the Purpose of making and repairing any of the said Banks, except for the Purpose of the general Em-

bankment, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Lands of Matthew IVyldbore Esquire, and

John Flemming Esquire, and the Common called Crollode Common, shall not be subjedtor liable to any Rates

or Taxes imposed by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining any of the said Distridfcs, any Thinfc

id this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Commissioners of the said fourth Distridt, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and

make, or cause to be erected and made, two or more Mills, and such Drains as they shall agree upon and

judge necessary or proper for the effectual draining the fame; provided that such Mills be of equal Size

and Dimensions* and that the fame be erected or placed on feme Part of the said fourth Distridt, and not

nearer than the Distance of forty Feet from Fenton Load, and so that the Waters intended to be conveyed

from the said Lands by such Mill or Mills be thrown into Fenton Loadx and conveyed from thence to the

Forty Foot River, through the D.ratn herein before directed to be cut through the Hard Lands at Chatteris

Slate End, and provided that such Mill or Mills be erected and placed as aforesaid, and at all Times here-

after supported, maintained, and kept, at the foie Expence of the said fourth Distridt; and that there be

always a free Communication of the upper End of Fenton Load with the Water in the said Drain intended

to be cut through the said Lands at Chatteris Slade End.

LXI V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Commissioners of the said fifth Distridt, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and make,

alter or remove, or cause to be erected, made, altered, or removed, and at all Times hereafter to supporr,

maintain, and keep such Inside MiH or Mills, as they shall agree upon and judge proper for sufficiently

draining and preserving the said Distridt; provided that such MilLor Mills be erected and placed in or upon

some Part of the said Distridt called The Fifteen Hundred Acres, the Acre Fen, or Fledgery Burrows; and

that the Water intended to be conveyed from the said Lands or Commons by such Mill or Mills

be thrown into the Drain called IVbnblington Leam> or The Twenty Feet Drain, and conveyed through the

said Drain into the Forty Foot River.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for John

Leman and John Newnham, Esquires, and each and every the future Owner or Owners for the Time Being

of the said Farms or Lands called The Three Hundred Acre Farm,* and they are hereby authorised and im-

powered to erect and make, or cause to be erected and made, and at all Times hereafter to maintain*

support, and keep such a Mill or Mills, as they shall agree upon and judge proper for draining the said

Farm, jointly and in common, or separately ; provided that such Mill or Mills be erected and placed in or

upon feme Part of the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, and that the Water to be thrown

by such Mill or Mills be conveyed thereby into the aforesaid Drain called Fenton Load\ and provided that

such Mill or Mills be erected and placed as aforesaid, and at all Times hereafter supported, maintained,

and kept at the foie Expence of the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farms ; and that

such Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farm do make, and at all Times hereafter support

and maintain the Bank next the said Drain called Fenton Loadj from Warboys High Fen Common to the Fen

called Chatteris Acre Feny and not otherwise.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said Inside

Mills, herein before directed to be erected or built next to the said Twenty Feet Drain, or Wimblington

Leant, and Fenton Load, {hall be permitted to go or to throw Water into the said Drains, or either of

them, until the respective Banks on each Side thereof are completely finished, and two or more great Mills

are erected and built at The Forty Foot River or Drain, and ready for going; nor shall any of the said Inside

Mills (except the Mill to be built on that Part of Chatteris Common called The Fifteen Hundred Acres other-

wife Curfy and Slade End Night-layer be permitted to go or to throw Water into the said respective Drains,

at any Time when the said great Mills next the Forty Foot River or Drain are disabled from going, or

during any Breach, or the Water running over the Forty Foot Bank between Garter's Bridge and Horjeway,

or any Breach or running over of the Inside Banks on each Side of Fenton Load and the Twenty Feet Drainy

or Wimblington Leam 5 Notice in Writing of such Breach or running over, or such great Mills being dif-

abled from going, signed by three Commissioners for any of the said Upper or Lower Distridts for em-

banking, beingfixed on the Outside of one Door of each Inside Mill, and left at the House of the Sur-

veyor, or one Commissioner for such respective Distridt, wherein or whereon such Mill or Mills shall (land,

3 G a #r

411

No Lind of Mr.

Wyldbore to be

cat or token for

repairing Banks,

except for the

general Em-

bankment.

Mr. Wyldbore'a

and Mr. Flem-

ming's Land,

and Crollode

Common, not

subject to Drain-

age Tax.

Commissionfri

of fourth. Dif- ,

trlft may erett

Mill* next F«a*

ton Load.

CommUBonen

of fifth Distr&fe

to erect Inside

Milk for Drain*

age, &Ci

Owners of the

Three Hundred

Acre Farm ifeay

erc£t Mills at

their own Ex-

pence.

No Inside MiHe

permitted to go

,till ihe great

Mills are read/

for working.

nor during an/

Breach, &c. of

the Bank, or

when »he greag

Mills are dis-

abled from go-

ing.

