A.D. 1775.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 58. 361

4 XVI. And whereas there are divers Houses, Tenements, and Buildings, within the fa'd Town, and

4 Parts adjacent within the said Parish, which are let in separate Apartments, or ready furnished, by

4 which Means the Payment of the said Rates for such Houses, Tenements, and Buildings, may be

4 evaded;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lollcc, Lanomrd,

Owner, or Proprietor, of every such House, Tenement, or Building, shall, for the Purposes of this Act,

be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the Pay-

ment of the Rates or Ailtfifnents to be made by virtue of this Act ; and that each and every Per son rent-

ing or occupying any such House, Tenement, oc Building, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be liable

and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Afl'efimrrits, and all Arrears due thereon, the fame to

be recovered in Mariner herein-after mentioned ; and the Person or Persons from whom such Rates or A fi-

fe (I men ts shall be recovered or received, shall and may deduct the fame cut of the next or any other Rent

that shall become due and payable from him, her, or them ; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be

a fufiicir nt Discharge for such Tenant or Occupier, to and against his, her, or their Landlord, lor so

much Money as shall be paid by. or recovered from such Tenant or Occupier respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Rate or Assessment that shall be

nude or afu ll'cd by the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any House, Tenement, or Building*

which any Ambassador, Resident, Agent, or Publick Minister of any Foreign Prince or State, or any of'

thnr Servants, now doth, or hereafter shall inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the Ltftbr, Landlord, or

Owner of every such Hously, Tenement, or Building; who is hereby declared liable to the Payment there-

of, and the fame shall be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XVIII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Persons, liable to the

Payment of any such Rates or Afl’cflments, shall refuse or neglefi to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for

the Person or Persons appointed to collect! the fame, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or

more of his Majesty’s justices of the Peace for the said County, to levy all and every such Rates and Af-

feiTments, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so re-

futing or neglecting, which shall be found within the said County; and if sufficient Diltrels cannot he

found within the said County, then, upon Oath thereof made before any one or more Justice or Justiceg

of the Peace of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, the Goods and Chattels of the Person so re*

fusing or neglecting shall and may be distrained in any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, by virtue

of such Warrant.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment*

Conviction, Contradf, or any other Security or Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act*

shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted. That the Charges of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident

thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the first Monies to be raised by the Rates herein-before

directed to be made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall

think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal

to the Justices of the Peace, in their General or Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the County

of MiddUJ'cx, next after theCause of Complaint shall arise; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to

hear all such Appeals, and award reasonable Costs to the Party in whose Favour the fame shall be deter-

mined ; and the Order* made by the said Justices shall be nnal and conclutive to all Parties concerned

therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made

for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nop

the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trespafier or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or

Want of Form in the Warrant of Distress, or in the Rate or Assessment, or for any Irregularity which shall

be afterwards committed by the Party distraining ; but.the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity

shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained, and no more, in an Act ion on the Cafe,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touch-

ing any Conviction, Order, or other Matter or Thing, to be made, done, or transacted in, or relating to,

the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaftied for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certlo

rart, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weft-

minster.

XXIV. And be It further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Adtlon or Suit shall be

brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the fame shall be com-*

menced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid

and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action or Actions may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence,

at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this

Act : And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time-

before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid ;

that then, or in any or either of such Cafes, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if

a Verdict shall be so found, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her,*

or their Action or Actions, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants

therein; then, and in either of the said Cafes, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and-

shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or*

their Costs, in any other Cafes by Law.

How Houfrs let

in separiTe A-

p k' meats, &c#

ft.all L-e pud lor*

Ho»if« of Arri-

ba*! jdors, Arc.

to be paid lor by

the Landlord*.

How Rates may

be recovered.

Writings to be

without Stamps.

Expences of this

A& bow to be

paid.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter Sef-

fions j

whose Order

shall be final.

Distress not to be

deemed unlawful

for Want of

Form.

Proceedings not

to be quaftied M

Want of Form*

Limitation 0k

A&iona.

General Issue,

Treblt Co(k#

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to*

be a PuWkk Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons

AAP.

whomsoever, without,specially pleading the same

Vol, XII. ' 3 A

