620

Trustir* im-

powered to lefien

the Duties,

with Consent of

Mortgagees, Sec,

Exemptions

from the Dutiei,

Trustees may

appoint Officer!,

and allow them

Salaries.

Trustees may

borrow 30001.

and assign the

Duties as a Se-

curity.

Form of Assign-

naenu

C. 61.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1776.

tics were then demanded, fall or pass over Che/ler-bar9 or between the South-weft Part of Hoyle Sands and

the main Land on the Coast of Wales ; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for any Col-

lector or Receiver of the said Duties to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation, as the Cafe may happen)

such Matter, or other Person talcing Charge of such Vessel, to the Truth thereof; and if such Matter or

other Person shall refuse to answer upon Oath or Affirmation, whether he did or did not, at the Time for

which the said Duties were then demanded, fail or pass over Chester-bar, or between the Southwest Part of

Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales \ then every such Master or other Person shall be

subjecI and liable to the Payment of the said Duties ; the fame to be recovered in such Manner as herein

after directed.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any Time or Times, upon examining

and inspeCting the Accounts to be kept of or concerning the Lighthouses and Landmarks and other Works

to be made, erected, and maintained, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, to lessen, lower, diminiO),

or reduce, the Duties granted and made payable as aforesaid, or any of them, so as the fame be done

without Prejudice to, and with the Consent of, the Mortgagee or Mortgagees thereof; and also to advance

and raise again the said Duties, or any of them, so to be lessened or reduced, in such Manner as to them

from Time to Time shall seem meet, requisite, and expedient, so as such Duties, when so raised again

and advanced, do not exceed the Duties herein before granted and made payable, and directed to be col-

lected and levied as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandine.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained mall extend, or

be construed to extend, to charge or make chargeable any of the Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, or any Ship, Vessel, or Wherry, employed in the Service of his Majesty’s Re-

venue, nor to charge any open Boat or Sloop, under the Burden of forty Tons, laden only with Lime-

stones, Pebble-stones for Pavements, Dung or Manure, nor to charge any Sloop or Boat used and

employed only in the Service of piloting Vends, nor to chaise any Ship or Vessel belonging to or bound

to or from the Port of Liverpool, unless such Ship or Vessel shall pass or fail over Chester-bar9 or between

the South-weft Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales9 in which Cafe they are to

be chargeable with and pay the said Duties herein before granted.

XVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and

for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, or

at any Special Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, to choose and appoint, by Writing under their

Hands, a Treasurer and Clerk, and also one or more Collector or Collectors for receiving and levying the

Duties mentioned in this Act, and such other Officer or Officers as they {hall judge necessary to be em-

ployed under them for carrying this Act into Execution ; and also to settle the Fees and Salaries of such

Treasurers, Clerics, Collectors, or other Officers, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any thirteen

or more of them, at such their Meetings as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and reasonable, and from Time

to Time to remove and displace such Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers, and appoint others in

their Places; and no such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, shall be appointed or removed, but at some

General Quarterly Meeting, or at some Special Meeting, as aforesaid, and unless thirteen of the said

Trustees {hall be present; and unless a Notice, finned .by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, or

his Name put at the Foot thereof, signifying the lime, Place, and Purpose, of such Meeting, be given

in the Chester Newspaper at least fourteen Days previous to such Meeting; any Thing in this Act con-

tained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Trustees, or any nine or

more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, {hall and may, and they are hereby authorised

and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow or take up, at legal or less Interest, such Sum or Sums

of Money as they {hall think fit, not exceeding three thousand Pounds, as well on the Credit of the said

Lighthouse or Lighthouses to be ereCled as aforesaid, as of the said Duties so made payable as aforesaid ;

and by Writing or Writings under the Hands and Seals of the said Ttuftees so assembled, or any nine or

more of them, to be duly executed, to grant, bargain, fell, mortgage, assign, and set over, the several

Duties arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, unro such Person or Persons, or their

Trustees, as shall advance and lend Money thereupon, as a Security for the Payment of any such Sum or

Sums of Money to be so borrowed, with Interest as aforesaid ; and that such Alignment or Mortgage

{hall be in the following Words, or any other Words to the fame Purport or Effect 3 videlicet,

4 virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

4 -D George the Third (intituled, An Ah for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near

4 the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and

4 for regulating of Pilots and persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester ; and for

1 fixing the Rates payable for the fame respectively); we, whole Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals

4 affixed, being nine or more of the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, in Contideration of

4 the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to us in Hand paid by A. B. of do assign

4 unto the said A. B his {or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and Angular the Duties arising

4 by virtue of the said ACI; and also the Lands, Buildings, and Premises, situate, lying, and being, upon

4 the Point of Air% or in or near the Township of Pre/lntyn in the County of Flinty vested by the said

4 Act in »he laid Trustees therein named ; and all the Eitatc, Right, Title, and Interest, of the Trustees

4 in the /id mentioned, of, in, and to ihe fame Premises ; io hold the fame unto the said A\ B. his

{or her) Executors, Admimitrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

together

* with

