3*4

G. 63,

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1775.

'Vo Appeal, &c.

to flop Labour.

Trofteet Power*

in case of Non-

fjppiication of

the Mooej or

Service.

What Share of

rile Shilling in

Pound is to be

applied within

the D:ftri&

where levied*

Great load*

always to have

the Preference.

Disttidl Meet-

ings to make

Report*.

! ily seize *nd distrain the retdieft Goods or EfFeAj of die

ys after such Distress, sell the same by Publick Roup or

Overseer6 ?m-

pnwerrd to take

Materials out

of the neaiclt

Ground*.

Proprietors to

keep the Ditches

properly (toured.

No Stone* or

Rubbish to be

laid withia two

Yard* of the

Read.

to whom the fame Hull he directeo ih;\ . f.

said Person, and shall, ?r the End of li.r.e

Ao£fion to the highd't Oltccr, at ti:e ncxr convenient Place to the Ground of the Lands upon which such

Distress w« made, lor Payment of tii- Sum for which such Person or Persons shall be respectively liable m

and of the necessary Chnrgf. j, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; and that no Sulpension, Appeal,

Complaint, or Action, ihali (lop the Performance of the Statute Services, or Payment of the converted

Prices thereof, or Duty or one Shilling in the Pound of valued Rent for that Year in which they A12II

have been appropriated; laving always, nevertheless, to the Parties, their Red refs either from the Persons

by whom they shall have been aggrieved, or out of their several Duties, Services, and Conversions, for

the Year next after the Determination of the Cause.

XIII. Provided always, That if it shall appear that the Statute-work, or Conversions thereof, or any

Part of the fame, in any Parish, have not been applied, the Trustees, at their next General Meeting,

fcall have Power, and are Hereby impowered, to order the unapplied Statute-work, or Money of such

deficient Parish, to be applied in any of the adjoining Parishes; and in case the four-fifth Parts after men-

tioned of the one Shilling in the Pound, to be levied ill each District, shall be negletfted for any Year to

be levied and applied within any District, that the fame, or such Part thereof as has not been collected

and applied, shall be given by the next General Meeting of the Trustees to any publick Road of the

County without the said District.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Share not less than four-fifths of the

Amount of the said one Shilling in the Pound of valued Rent shall be applied within the Distri& from

which the fame shall be levied, and that the remaining one-fifth shall bedisposed of in the following Man-

ner, videlicet, One Half thereof shall be annually paid over to the Trustees within the Distri& of Kintyre%

to he by them applied in making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Bridge of Tayirtdreunan,

through Sleighgoill, to A'shines, and the remaining one Half of the said one-fifth shall be at the Disposal of

the Trustees in General Meetings assembled, to be applied within the Distruft, or otherwise, as they shall

find to be moll for the Interest of the said Shire, the great Lines of Road being always to be preferred.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That in appropriating the four-fifth Parts of the one Shilling in the Pound

hereby imposed, appointed to be levied, the Trustees shall always prefer the following chief or great Lines

of Road in the several Distridls 5 videlicet, In the DistriS of Kirrtvre, the Poll Road from Jnverary to

Campbeltown, by the Weft Side of Kintyre\ in the District of Cowaf, the Road leading from the Point tti

Ardlamont, by the Side of Locbfine, to the Military Road of Ardkinlafs, and from the Ferry of Ottar to-

the Ferry of Dunoon equally ; in the Distrhft of Lome, the Road leading from KUmelford, by Oban Beurunv

and the Ferry of Shi cm, to the Ferry of Ballechclish, subject to such Variations a6 ihali be thought proper

by the first General Meeting of Trustees, in so far as relates to the aforesaid Line of Road in tht Lornt

Dtftrift only 5 in the Distri& of llay, the Road leading from Lochgilphead to Keith, and from Lag in Juixi

to Feotitte, from Portajkeug in Ilay to Kiilarow, and from Killarow to Laggavulint, by Bow more ; in the

District of Mull, the Road from Achnacraig to Arofs, and from thence to Callich in Mouniish, being the

Ferry to Tyne and Coll; in Argyll, from Inverary to the Bridge of Stronduar, and from Lochgilphead, by

the Bridge of Kilmichacl and Kilmartine, by the Head of Loch Craignish, to Kilmelford; and in Ardnamur-

chan, from the Barracks of Strontean, to the Corran of Ardgour.

XvL And be it also further enacted, That the respective District Meetings ihali annually, on the

last Tuesday of March, make up an exact and regular Report, containing an Account of the whole Mo-

ney received and expended on the Highways and Bridges; and also of the Services employed, the Work

performed, and the Offences committed, for the preceding Year within the Parishes and District under

their Direction respectively; and that such Report, signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the respective Dif-

trid Meetings, shall be transmitted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of the General Meeting, to be held at

fnverary, at least eight Days before the said General Meeting 5 and shall by the Clerk of the General

Meeting be entered in his Book, and laid before the Trustees at their said Meeting; and that in case of

Failure to make out and transmit such Report, the Prefes and Clerk of the District Meeting so faiiing

ihali be liable in a Penalty or Fine of five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied by Distress in

Manner as before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers (after having first

obtained Warrant for so doing under the Hand of two or more Justices of the Peace) shall be and

are hereby impowered to take out of any adjacent Lands, other than Gardens, Orchards, and planted

Walks, Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, doing the

least Damage possible,.and making to the Owner or Occupier of the Ground such Satisfaction as to

the said Justices, or any two of them, shall seem reasonable.

XVIll And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Ditches have been or

shall in Time coming be made to communicate with the Ditches along the Side of any of the Roads or

Highways within the said Shire, that then, and so often as the fame shall happen, the Proprietors thereof

shall be bound to keep the Ditches properly scoured ; and in case of their failing so to do when required,

that the Overseers of the said Roads may, and they are hereby authorised to order the said Ditches to

be cleaned and Fcoured at the Cost and Expence of the Occupiers and Possessors of the Grounds through

which these Ditches are made; and upon their refusing Payment of the Expence thereby incurred, that it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the Bounds, or any two of them, to levy

such F.xpence by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall lay, or cause €0 be laid,

any Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung, Compost, Ashes, or Rnbbifh whatsoever, on or within two Yards of

the Side of the said Roads (except Materials for building Houses and inclosing Grounds); and that any

Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Materials so laid down, and also the Sum of two Pounds

3 Sterling;

