A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 85. 189

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders No undue Pre-

fer Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be in the

registered 5 then it shall be interpreted no undue rrefeience which of those be entered first, so as he enters ^hentOrdmare

them all the same Day^ , # brought "the*

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in point fame Day 5

of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent noriffubfequtot

Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other Persons Order* are paid

that did not come and take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much

Money reserved as will satisfy preceding Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for course,

them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank foes Money b#

for them. referred for tb«

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be P'“*d«Or-

due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, as afore- power of Affiga^-

said, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words or Assignment, to be bkoc,mdMe-"

indorsed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, tho«i of transfer*

Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Au- ring of Order*,

ditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register afore-

said for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make), shall

intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit

thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties %.

and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or have made such Assign-

tnent, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or anyMonies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

1 VII. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the ifltftillbe

4 Whole the said Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve judged more ad»>

4 Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or byifluingEx- viable, the

4 chequer Bills, as is herein-after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the T*^[7

4 Publick Service be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of sunibyEiche--

his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Trea- quCr Bill*, in--

surer for the Time being, shall judge it more advisable to raise the said Sum of two millions and eighty stead of Loan*;.

thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, or any Part

thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans, as aforesaid, that then he or they respectively is or the Bin* in such

are hereby authorised: and impowered, at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be pre- Cafe to be made

pared or made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of M^rehpf^*

Money, not exceeding in the Vvhole the said Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and tble

ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the seffioo*

fame or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions as in and

by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to

bi$ Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-four, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made, in*

pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro- All Advantage*'

vifocs. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last- and Penalties in

mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the fame Act (except Malt Ad of

such Clauses as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such Clauses a9 [hi.# Session, re.

limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act). 0Vexch°equelp1*

shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and Bills thereby au*

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorfled by thorifed to be

the said last-mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Previfoes had been particularly repeated and forth,ex-'

re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. A/>ed tolhi#

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made TheVaid Ex-

In pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attending the chequer Bills,.

fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out interest and

of the growing Produce of the Surplusses, Excesses, and overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing Charges, are to.

the Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular J?pJ,d°ulof“

Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the infi

Lid Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and

ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Exchequer Bills, Interest,-

Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or

Money sufficient for that rurpofc be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable, on Demand, to*

the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That it shall and may be lawful Bank authonfea

for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England tq advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Man- to lend to his

ner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums Majesty the Soo»

of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and 7q^

ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, any Thing in an Act made in the fifth and notmiMUi*

sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a €t $ Sc 6 Gui.

several Rates and Duties upon To nag e cf Ships and Vessels; and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing & Man*.

certain Recommences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the-

Bum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the JTar against France; to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

