40

C. 13.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii Id.

A.D. 1774.

Canal notteke

subject to Com*

nriflsonm of

St wen.

Ratea to be ex*

esipted from

Taxes

Rights of the

Lords of Minora

referred*

A Parson ap-

pointed by Sir

John Ramide*

to attend as

Clerk to the

CommiAoncrt*

CoomtiSionera

dying, or rsfa-

fingto *&, others

be chofon.

Qaalifieatlon of

tooimiflioaen.

1 tl

hb take an Oath*

tiki Oath*

the said Cam!, or the Trenches or Watercourses, to be made by virtue of this Act; every Person offend-

ing in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said

Weft Riding, by the Oath of any one or more Witness or Witnesses, mall, for every such Offence, for-

feit and pay such Sum as the said Justice shall order and direct, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds,

whereof one Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs

and Assigns; and in Default of Payment, the Person so offending shall, by Warrant of such Justice, be

committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour foi* any Time such Justice shall

direct, not exceeding two Months*

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That the said Canal, or any Works whatsoever,

to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of

any Commissioners of Sewers; or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Law or Statute what-

soever to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted and declared. That the Rates, or Dues aforesaid, shall, at all Timet

hereafter, be free and exempt from the Payment 6f all Taxes, Rates, Assessment, or Impositions what-

soever; any Law or Statute made, or to be made, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to defeat., prejudice, or affect, the Right or Rights of any Lord or Lords

of any Manor or Manors, to the Mines of Stones or Quarries, lying or being within or under the Lands

or Grounds to be set out or made use of for such Canal, Towing-paths, or other Conveniences afore-

said; but that the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors may work and use all such Mines and Stone

Quarries, provided the using or working the fame be no Injury, Prejudice, or Obstruction, to the said

Canal, Towing-paths, or other the Conveniences aforesaid, or any or either of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Person to be appointed by the said Sir John Ramsden, hit

Heirs or Assigns, for keeping an Account of all Monies received and expended as aforesaid, shall attend

the said Commissioners as their Clerk at all their Meetings, for executing the Purposes of this Act; and

all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the Commissioners at such Meetings, shall be entered determined by such

Clerk in proper Books to be kept for that Purpose; all which Books shall be open, at all feasonable Times,

for the Inspedion of any Person or Persons interested and desirous of seeing the fame, without Fee or

Reward; and the said Orders and Proceedings, when entered as aforesaid, shall be signed by such Number

of the Commissioners as by this Act are impowered to make such Orders, and carry on such Proceedings,

and shall also be attested by the said Clerk as a Witness thereto; and such Orders and Proceedings, betnr

so signed and attested, shall be deemed Originals, and admitted as Evidence without further Proof in all

Courts whatsoever*

4 XLVI. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution/

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to

be elected, in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to ad, the surviving or remaining

Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time,

by Writing under their Hands and Seals, toeled and appoint, in the Place of every Commissioner dying

or refusing to ad, some other Person qualified as herein-after mentioned: And in case nine such Com-

tnissioners shall not survive, who will meet together so to elect and appoint new ones in the Place of

such as are dead, or refuse to ad; then, and in that Cafe, three or more or the Commissioners of the Land

Tax for the Weft Riding of the County of York for the Time being, may elect and appoint nine or

more other Persons, qualified as in this Act mentioned, who shall proceed to fill up the Vacancies in the

Manner herein diredod; and all such Commissioners, so elected or appointed, shall, from the Time of

their Election or Appointment, have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of tbit

.Ad, as if they had been cxpnefisly named and appointed Commissioners in this Act, Notice of the Time,

Place, and Purpose, of such Meetings being given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Market Croft, or

some other conspicuous Place in Huddersfield, fourteen Days at least before every such Meeting*

XLVII. And be it further enacted, 1 hat no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Cale where he

shall be any ways interested or concerned in the Matter in question; and that no Commissioner herein-

before appointed, or who shall be elected by virtue of this Act, shall act as such, unless at the Time he

shall so ad he shall be ferzed or possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of an Estate of

Freehold or Copyhold in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred

Pounds; or of a personal Estate to the Amount of three thousand Pounds (unless he shall be the eldest

Son or Heir Apparent of a Peer of the Realm, or of a Person nualified to be elected, and serve as a

Knight of the Shire for that Part of Great Britain called England): And if any Person hereby declared

incapable to act as a Commissioner shall nevertheless presume to act as such, every Person so offending

shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same; to be

recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVefl-

minster\ in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance*

shall be allowed; and such Person foprosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as before mentioned, or

other wise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the

Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XLV III. Provided always. That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Cafe (except In admt-

niftering the following Oath) until he shall have taken and subscribed the fame Oath before any three or

more or the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the said Oath

#0 any of the other Commissioners (that is to say) ;

# T A. B. dofwear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially,

jt according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities

4 established

