*8

C. 12.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

A.D. 1774.

Materials art/ing

from the old

Church vetted

iath* Trustees.

:urne®f»,

d*»wn

tQ be :»vired m

flbrrv orh* r i’art

of the o‘d or

Church.

The Tru fleet

Receipt* and

Payments to

he entered in

Books,

and all other

Proceedings un-

der the A£h

Power ofeleft-

ing aewTruf-

The Owner of

the Manor of

Clapham to be

#ne of such new

Trustees.

Trustees having

any interest in-

_ the Contrafts,

&x to be <iif-

aoled fromafl?

ing.

Pates to cease

*hen the Debts

art paid oft*

all feasonable Times, be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward, by tty Person or Persons inte-

rested in any such Security or Assignment; and that, after such Entry made, such Alignment and Trans*

fer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit

thereof; and that such Assignee may, in Manner aforesaid, like wife assign and transfer again, and so toties

juoties; and that it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment ot

Transfer to discharge or make void the fame, or any Monies due thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Materials aHfing from such

Part or Parts of the said old Church, as is or are hereby directed to be taken down as aforesaid, shall be,

and the fame are hereby vested in the said Trustees y and that it shall and may be lawful to and for thO

said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised ana impowered to fell or dif-

pose of the fame, or so much thereof, as shall not be used or appropriated by them for the Purpose of in-

cloiing the said North Aisle of the said old Church, and fitting up the fame for the Purpose of performing

Funeral Service therein, as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing or defirotis to pur*

chafe the fame : And that the Money arising by such Sale or Sales, after defraying thereout, in the first

Place, the Expence9 necessarily attending the fame, shall be applied to or for the Purposes of this Act,

and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the taking

down of such Part of the said old Church, as is so directed to be taken down as aforesaid, as little Da-

mage shall be done to the Graves, Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, in and

about the fame, as reasonably may be: And that such of the said Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monu-

mental Inscriptions, as shall be necessarily removed on account thereof, shall be fixed or placed in such

other Part or Parts of the said old Church, except upon the North or East Walls thereof, or in the said

new Church, for answering, as far as may be, the Purpose or Purposes for which the fame were origi*

nally placed or put up, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, in their Discretion,

think fit: And that such Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, and alfoall and every

the Vaults, Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, and Right of Burial, in fuen

Part of the said old Church as shall not be so taken down, as aforesaid, being the particular Property of

any Pferfon or Persons now living, or belonging to the Families berried in or under the said old Church,

shall continue to belong to such Petfon or Families respfcdively, in like Manner as before and at the

Time of passing this Act. .....

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees

shall cause Entries to be made of all such Sums of Money as shall be received from or on account of the

said Rents, Rates, or Assessments, and from the said Materials, and otherwise, under this Act; and also

from or on account of the voluntary Subscriptions of Persons disposed to promote the said pious Under-

taking, and also of all Payments, Debts, and Credits, to be made, or caused to be made, by the said

Trustees, or which shall arise from* or be occasioned by, the carrying of the Powers of this Act into Ex-*

ecution, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, and also of all other their Proceedings under this

Ad, to be written or entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and that such

Book or Books shall, from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, be open io the Inspediori and

Perusal of any Person or Persons paying, or liable to pay, any of the said Rents, Rates, or Assessments,

or voluntarily contributing any Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the Purposes of this Act.

* XXVIII. And, in order to keep up a constant Succession of Trustees for executing the Purposes of

€ this Act, until the fame shall be answered or satisfied/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as the Number of the said present Trustees,

or of any future Trustees hereafter to beeleded and appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall be reduced

to twenty resident within the said Parish, either by Death, Resignation, or the Non-residence of any such

Trustees, or from any Disability to ad in the said Trust, it shall and may be lawful for the furViving or

remaining Trustees, or any ten or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their. Hands and

Seals, (without any Stamp thereon) to nominate, elect, and appoint, one or more fit and able Person or

Persons, being Parishioners of the said Parish, and being Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants re*

spectivefy, of a House of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds at the least, clear of all Taxes and Assess-

ments, to be Trustees with them for the Purposes of this Act, and which Persons, so to be chosen and

appointed, shall be and are hereby invested with the several powers given or granted by this Act to the

Trustees herein and hereby nominated and appointed. ' 1

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or

Proprietor of the said Manor of Claphum for the Time being, or the Person who (hfcll for the Time be-

ing be beneficially interested therein in Possession, and not being under any Disability to ad in the Exe-

cution of the Powers hereby granted, shall be one of the said Trustees so to be nominated, deded, and

appointed, as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted4 by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said

present or future Trustees so to be chosen for the Purposes of this Act, as aforesaid, shall undertake any.

rartof the Building of the said intended Church, or any of the Works relating thereto, or to the iti-

closing thereof, or to the said old Church, and the inclosing of the said North Aisle thereof, as afore-

said, or shall have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the several Matters aforesaid, or any

of them, every such Person (ha)!, during the Time of his being so interested in the Ptemifes, be utterly

disabled from acting in the said Trust; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided aTfo, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That whetr the said in-

tended Churc h* with the Appurtenances, shall be completed, and the Works, with respect to the said

old Church* shall betfane or performed* and the Monies, so to be borrowed upon the Credit df this Act*

a and

