C. 66. Anno decimo sexto Georg« IK. A. I>. 177

44 magoa. If Owners of Lands and Proprietors of Minos cannot agree, Commissioners to settle the Differ-

14 ence. Determination of the Commissioners subject to the Verdict of a Jury. Owners of Mines may

44 make Cuts into the Canal, through their own Lands, under certain Restrictions. Lowermost Lock oil

44 Canal, not to be of less Fall than 10 Feet. Owners of Land may erect Gates, Bridges, &c. Com-

44 pany rtftrained from erect ing or taking down Buildings, &c. except such as shall be on the Lands set

44 out for the Navigation. Lords of Manors, or Land owners, may oroft Cranes, Warehouses, Cffc. on

44 therr own Land; and receive the Rates that shall be paid for the fame. If Lords of Manors, ne-

44 glcft to make such Erection*, &c, for 12 Months after receiving proper Notice, Proprietors may do it,

44 making Satisfaction for the fame. Rates for Wharfage. Company may erect Cranes and Weighing-

44 machines on arry Wharf, if Owners refuse to erect the fame. Weight of the Lading of Vessels to be

marked, ard their Numbers affixed on the Sides thereof, on Penalty of 40/. Owners of Boats, fsV.

44 shall put their Names on the Outfiies thereof, and shall permit them to be measured, on Penalty of 40 s.

*4 Boatmaster or Owners to be answerable for Damages done by the Crew. Proper Places to be made for

Boats to turn or lie in Penaky on Vessels lying to as to obttruft the Navigation. Vessels funk in the

44 Canal, to be weighed. Persons floating Timber, or overloading Vessels, f$c. to forfeit $A Penalty

41 on Persons throwing Ballast, &c. into the Canal. Regulation for Vessels passing the Locks. Offenders

44 to forfeit 40 /. each. Canal not to be under the rower of Commissioners of Sewers. If annual

44 Rents, &c. are not paid within si Days after due, Commissioners may appoint a Person to receive the

44 Rares, and pay the fame; or otherwise Parties may distrain the Goods of the Company upon tfceCa-

44 nal, Wharfs, tftc. Reservation of Rights of Lords of Manors, &c. in relation to Mines, Minerals,

44 and Quarries 5 and also in relation to the exclusive Right of Fishery. No Prejudice to be done to Canal,

*4 Towing-paths, &c. by fishing; and Company not to be accountable for Fish destroyed, Wr. Persons

on Board having Nets, fcfr. not being qualified, to forfeit $ A Matters of Vessels permitting the fame,

44 to forfeit 5 A When Commissioners die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Quarter Sessions,

44 in certain Cafes, impowered to nominate new Commissioners. Commissioners not to act where in-

44 terefted. Their Qualification. Penalty on acting if not qualified. Commissioners to give 14 Days

44 Notice of rheir Meetings. Commissioners not to act till they have taken an Oath. Commissioners who

44 are Justices may act as such. No Commissioner to act as such while he possefles any Place of Profit,

*4 &c. How general Meetings of Commissioners are to be held. Duty of Commissioners when aflem-

44 bled. Special Meetings may be held for ascertaining Damages. All Meetings to be held within

*4 2 Miles of the Canal, If Company neglect to make the Navigation for 10 Years, or disuse it for

44 c Years, Lands to be conveyed to their former Owners, b'c. If Company refuse to convey them, on

44 ravment or Tender of Consideration-Money, then to revert to and be vetted in their former Owners, fefc.

44 If Subscribers neglect to pay Subscriptions, Company may sue for the same. Expences of this Act hoW

44 to be paid. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Writings to be without Stamps.

41 Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, fs’r. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want

444 of Form, &c. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.”

c.oooo[e

