428

Sxpentes of this

At\ how to be

paid.

Rates to be

chargeable with

Money borrow*

td.

Transfer! or

01 her Securities'

may be without

Stamps.

Penalty on Per-

fons wilfully de*

Aroying Mill*,

Floodgates, &c*

or permitting

Swine to ftsay

on the Banks,

or set ting Nets in

the Drains, &c.

r otherwrfe da-

maging any

other of the

Works.

Rates, Re. to he

entered in Books#

Receipts to be

examined an-

nually*

Accounts allow*

ed of to be en-

tered in a Book,

"which may be

Infpcfled with-

out Fee*

C. 66. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

as aforesaid, {hall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the

said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have

no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money; and that the said Money so bor-

rowed shall be applied in Manner hereafter mentioned, (that is to say) in the first place, towards paying

and discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expences of.obtaining and passing this Act, and then in making,

effecting, and maintaining the said Works of draining and* improving the said Lands and Grounds fa

abutted and described as aforesaid, and to and for no other Use, intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That all and singular the said Rates, Taxes, and

Sums of Money, by virtue hereof to be assessed and paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands

and Grounds, mall be charged and chargeable in Manner before mentioned, with and for the Payment of

such Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and th? Interest thereof, and shall vest in the

respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the fame shall

be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Cods and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof 5

and the said Creditors respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the

fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money

payable as aforesaid, by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for or in respect of

such Principal Money and Interest, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the said Comroif-

sioners, or their Collector or Collectors, would have had, in case the said Principal Money and Interestr

had been regularly paid and satisfied.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mortgage, Transfer, or

other Security, for the borrowing of any Money, or Assignment of such Mortgage or Security, Informa-

tion, Process, Warrant, Judgment, Appointment, or other Writing, in pursuance of, oc relating to the

Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aTorefaid, That all and every Person and Persons

who shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully and maliciously cut, thrbw down, burn, or otherwifir

destroy, any Bank, Mill, Engine, or Flood-gate, already made and erected, or which at any Time here-

after mall be making and erecting, or made and erected, for the draining and improving of the said Lands

and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully con*

vifted, shall be guilty of Felony; and liable to be transported as a Felon for seven Years; and that if any

Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, permit or suffer his, her, or their Hogs or S wine

to stray upon any of the said Banks made and raised by virtue of this Act, or shall set down any Nets or

Engines for the catching of Fish in any of the Drains thrown out for the Purposes aforesaid; or shall dig

or arrow out any Pond or Watering rn any of the said Lands and Grounds to described and abutted as

aforesaid, within forty Feet of any Drain already made, or to be made, and used for the draining and im-

proving of the said Lands and Grounds as aforesaid $ or shall at any Time hereafter maliciously destroy*,

flop, dam up, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Sluice, Tunnel, Door, Dam, Heading, Bridge*

or other Work or Works, made or to be made, or set up ancT used for the said Purposes of draining; alt

and every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before two or more of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, or for the County where such Person or Persons shall reside (who

are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witpeffes, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending), shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds;

as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, to the said Commissioners, for the fame Purposes for

which the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by

Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by

Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices 5 and that in Default of such Distress or Payment,

the Person or Persons so offending shall be committed by such Justices to the House of Correction, there ta

be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, not exceed-

ing three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices by whom such Commitment shall be

made.

4 XXVII. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what is raised from Time to Time by virtue ,of

the said Assessments or Rates, and how the fame have been from Time to Time applied, and that alt

4 Accounts of the Monies raised and disbursed by virtue of this Act may be fairly examined ;* be it further

enacted by the Authority aTorefaid, That the said Commissioners shall order and cause a Book of Assessc

ments to be made and kept, and all the Rates and Assessments made as aforesaid, under this Act, to be

fairly entered therein; and also shall order and cause a Book of Accounts to be made and kept, and an

Account of all the Receipts and Disbursements of the Monies received and disbursed, by virtue of this A

to be fairly entered in the fame; and that no Account shall be passed and allowed, unless the fame shall be

kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; and that once in every Year, to wit, at the said General

Meeting, they the said Commissioners shall carefully examine all Receipts and Disbursements of all such

Monies as shall be collected, received, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, to the Ladyday next before

such Meeting, and all Vouchers relating to the fame; and that upon Inspection and Examination of the

said Accounts, upon Oath, to be administered by one or more of the said Commissioners (which Oath any

one or more of them is or are hereby impowered to administer), the said Commissioners shall, and they are

hereby impowered and directed to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall

appear to them just and reasonable; and the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be allowed

by the said Commissioners, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for

that Purpose by them the said Commissioners; and that the said Book or Books shall or may be inspected

and perused, at all feasonable Times, determined by any Owner or Owners of the said Land? and Grounds so abutted

and bounded as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without Fee or Reward.

XXVIII. And

e

