i9

ind Persons *g*

frifved by any

Rate, may »p-

peal totheQoar*

ter Sessions for

the Borough.

Ste&en of

Commissioneri,

and their A&t,

and the former

Statutes con*

firmed* and this

AO*

IWiekAO.

C. 8. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

in pursuance of this and the said Acts, such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the next

Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said Borough (whether originally

or by Adjournment), after such Rate shall have been published in the Parish Churches of the said Borough,

unless such Court shall be held within twenty-eight Days after such Publication, in which Cafe the Ap-

peal shall be made to the next Court to be held as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said twenty-

eight Days, such Appellant or Appellants first giving Notice in Writing to the said Com mi (doners, or

their Cleric, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal ; or if any Person or Persons shall

think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted in the Execution of this

and the said Acts, for which no particular and effectual Method of Relief is herein or therein appointed,

such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the next Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace

which shall be held in and for the said Borough (whether originally or by Adjournment), after such Cause

of Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants giving Notice, in Writing, to the said Com-

missioners, or their Clerk, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter

thereof; and the Justices at the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said Borough, shall

have Power to hear and determine the said Appeals in a summary Way, and to order the Assessors to

amend the said Rates in like Manner as the said Commissioners may do by virtue of the said full men-

tioned Act, and as shall be necessary for giving Relief, without quashing the fame; and the said Justicea

shall have Power to award such Cods to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as they tho

said Justices shall think proper; and their Determination in all Appeals touching any Rate, or any Thing

whatsoever done, or omitted to be done, under this or the said Acts, shall he binding, final, and conclu-

five, to all Intents and Purposes: And in case any Rate or Thing done, or omitted to be done, under thts

or the said Acts, shall be unappealed against, after the Time hereby limited for bringing Appeals, such

Rate or Thing done, or omitted to be done, shall be deemed legal in every Respect whatsoever; provided

that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough for the Time being shall not act as Com-

tnissioners for putting this and the said Acts in Execution ; any Thing herein or therein contained to tho

contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That the Election of the thirty-eight Persons directed by the said

Adl, passed in the twelfth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, to be added to the Mayor, Recorder, Alder-

men and Common Council of the said Borough, as Commissioners for putting the said Acts in Execution,

and all Acts done by the said thirty-eight Persons, or any of them, as Comraissioners under the Authority

of the said Statutes, shall be, and the lame are hereby recognized and confirmed, as legal in every Refpeck

whatsoever; but nevertheless without Prejudice to any Cafe wherein a supposed Right of Adtiort hath

accrued, and an Action hath been brought. And that all and every the Clauses, Articles, Provisions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in the said AQs contained, except such and so many of them

as are hereby repealed, altered, or varied by this present Adl, shall be, and continue, in as full Force

and Effect, as if the fame were repeated herein, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes be confide red as

Parts hereof, and the Whole shall be taken together and ccr.ftrued as one Publick Adl; and shall be ju-

dicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, anti other Persons whatsoever, without specially

pleading the same.

The S C HE DULE referred to by this ACT.

"VTO Place Hospital.

•1^1 Mr. Tolcher*s House in Stonehouse Lane.

Mrs. Vincent's House

Mr. George Jagoy for his House and Rope Yard*

Mr. Robinson, for his Mill.

Mr. Lewis, for his Tan Yard.

William Moore, for three Meadows.

Richard Hambly, for Line's Part, two Fields*

William Shepherd, for Oil Mills and Dwelling-house*

William Lamb ell, for Passage-house.

Samuel Lang's Dwelling-house.

William Lamb ell, for his Dwelling-house.

William Lambell, for House and Yard.

Robert Gaudy, for House and Garden.

Michael Fanning's House, late Philips

Ditto, his House.

Nathaniel Olver's House, at Cat down*

Mr. William Perry, for the Paper Mills.

Mrs. Lakey for her House.

The Reverend Mr. Madge, for the Parish Tithe*

Thomas Bews, Erq; for late Vailar's Field.

Ditto, for late Town's Field.

Ditto, for Cook's Path Field*

Ditto, for Hopkins Field*

Ditto, for another ditto*

Ditto* for the Banks.

Ditto, for his Field near Catdown•

Ditto, for late Crab's two Fields.

Ditto,’for Harris's Field.

Ditto, for a small Field.

Ditto, for his Lands at Pennycomquick.

Gilbert Dicky for Thomas Veal, E(q; for Smith's Warn

Field.

Ditto, for ditto, for Hoe Fieldy and Shepherd's Meadow•>

Ditto, for two Fields near the Hospital.

Mr. Clark, for the Commissioners for Prisoners of

W ar, for a Meadow.

Ditto, for a Field adjoining the Old Mill Prison.

Mr. Clark, for late Mr. Joseph May's Field.

Ditto, for another ditto.

Mr. John Bicknelly (or John Morjhead, Esq; four Field*

at Lipfon.

Mr. Joseph Freemany for two Quillets*

Ditto, for a Field called Trenches*

Ditto, for Atwood's Field*

Ditto, for Maid Cross.

Humphry Hall, Esq; for Harris's, near Pennycomquuk*

Ditto, for Harris's Field and Barn Park•

Ditto, for a Field near Gajkins Gate.

Ditto, for a Field near the Tucking Mills.

Ditto, for-----Harris, Esq; Barn and Field.

Ditto* for a Field near the Pound.

Mr#

