2$0

rray be

Ifv.o.i by oi-

id for want of

Di.lref*, OfVc'i-

«1-t to be com-

n»iueJ.

How Justices

fiuy procred for

tlu; Con' itlion

ot 0:!cadcis,

How Persons

imairvained in

the Workhouse

re ailing townie,

or gull y of Mif-

b^Ojviour, drc.

Dtay be pu milled.

Laws relating to

Cliurchwaraens,

£cc. to continue

in force, except

v. I:eic ailcred by

this Act.

li’habitinti

dttrncJ compe*

tent W;ine(lc3.

Justices may ad-

fiiinjllcr Oaths.

Churchwardens,

Ac. may appeal

to rhe Quarter

Sclhoi.s ;

giving e'oht

Days Notice*

All Monies due

for R itp' may be

le*icd by Di-

fliefs.

If tlmre he not

fi'.ffcunf Di

flrrC, Offenders

t* be committed.

How Rites, Ac.

may be levied

from Persons

C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Gboscgii III. A.D. 1775.

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; one Moiety whereof shall go to the

Informer, and the other to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish: And if any Offender shall not, upon

such Conviction, pay the Jame, the said Justice or Justices thall cause the Money so forfeited, by Warrant

under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s

Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus, (if any) after such Forfeiture and Charges of the Distress are de-

ducted and paid, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in

case sufficienc Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they

is and are hereby authorised ami required, by warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands ana

Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction of the said

County, there to be detained and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days,

unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted.

That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be con-

vifted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form

mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effeft.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be maintained in the

Workhouse or Workhouses of the said Parish, shall refuse to work, or be guilty of profane Cutting and

Swearing, or otherwise misbehave himself or herself; that then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, to cause such Person or

Persons so offending to be punished in such Workhouse, either by moderate Correction, Confinement,

distinguishing them in Dress, Diet, or such other Method as may best tend to remedy such Offences for

the future; any Law, Statute, or Ufrge to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Laws relating to the Office of Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor, and for the Relief and providing for the Poor, shall stili continue in Force within

the said Parish, except in those Instances where the fame are otherwise altered or directed by this Act; any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish shall, before any Justice or

Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or

concerning this Act, or the Matters or Things herein contained, be, and be deemed, a competent Wit-

nds, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, or paying the Rates of the said Parish; and that

any Justice of the Peace of the said County acting for the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or any neigh-

bouring Justice of the said County, may aft in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he shall be an

Inhabitant of the said Parish, or pay the Rates thereof; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XLII And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given td any Justice or Justices

of the Peace, or when Oaths are to be administered by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice

or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or their more certain Information in the

Matters then depending; and in all Cafes where the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of

them, are by this Act impowered to bring or institute, or cause to be brought orinstituted, any Action or

Actions at Law, or any Indictment or lndiftments, the fame shall and may be brought and instituted in

the Name or Names of the T reafurer or Clerk to the said Guardians or Governors, or one of the Church-

wardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may ba lawful to and for the Churchwardens ancT

Overseers of the said Parish, in all Cafes in their respective Offices, or relating to the Poor, where, by

any LaW now in being, or hereafter to be made, Appeal is or shall be given to them from the rafs. Order,

Conviction, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesexy acting

in the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or of any neighbouring Justice or Justices of the said County, to ap-

peal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to be held for the said

County, at their Election, first giving eight clear Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons

concerned therein, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned, which Justices, in

their laid Sections, may make such Order therein, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall think

reasonable; and the said Justices, in their said Sessions, may, for want of due Notice, or for any other

j.uft Cause, adjourn such Appeal from Time to Time, as they shall think fit.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to become due and payable by virtue of this Act,

or any Rate or Rates made in Pursuance thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Of-

fender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace

for the County of Middlesex, acting for the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or of any neighbouring Justice

of the said County, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned (which Warrants

such Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant); and in case sufficient Distress shall not 6e

found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, and they are hereby authorised and required,

by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned^

to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common or other Gaol, or House of Cor-

rection of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding one

Calendar Month, unless stich Monies, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied;

and that when and as often as any Distress shall, by the Authority of this Act, be made for Nonpayment

of any of the said Rates or Monies hereby directed to be made, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of

making and keeping such Distress.

4 XLV. And whereas it may happen, that many Persons liable to, and who may be rated and assessed

1 by virtue of this Act, may, before the Payment of the Sums which may be rated on them respectively*

V 4 quit

