184 C. 83. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774*

4 to explain and amende and reduce into one ASl of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating

4 of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Anisin called England, and for other Purposes, from persons

4 who -have in Waggons, Carts, Qr Carriages, carried greater Weights than are thereby allowed upon

4 Turnpike Roads An3 whereat it is expedient anjd necessary to make some Alteration with respectc to

* such additional Tolls, in order tp prevent innocent Perfops from suffering unwarily or inadvertently

4 thereby: And whereas th* permitting any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, when weighed at any weighing

* Engine, to be drawn by an unlimited Number of Horses, has been found, on Trial, to be incoqve-

c nient, and liable toAbufej* for Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it jnay be enabled ;

and be it enacted determined by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the'

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autfio-

p«rt of the ftid rity of the fame, That so much of the said before-recited Act, as iropoiyers the Trustees of any Tifrn-

Act repealed* pike Road to receive and take the additional Toll of twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight, which

any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with its Loading; shall weigh at any Weighing Engine, over

and above the Weight allowed thereby; and also so much thereof as permits any Waggon, Cart, or Car*

riage, after haying been weighed as aforesaid, tp b? drawn by an unlimited Number of Horses 5 shall be,

and is hereby repealed.

Additional Tolls IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of August%

to be hw^fter pue thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall and quay be lawful for all Trustees. appointed by

taVen forejtu any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Turnpike Road within that Part of Great Britaiy

Weight* on called England, or any five or more of them, or for any Person or Persons properly impowered by any

aw°n»* five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the Tolls already granted, or hereafter to be

granted, the following Sums of Money, as additional Tolls for every Hundred Weight of one hundreq

and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, tyhich any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading

g thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Engine erected, or to be erected, over and above the Weights by

the before-recited Act allowed to each of them respectively ; that is to say. For the First and Second hundred

of such over Weight, the Sum of three-pence for each hundred ; for every hundred of such over Weight

above two hundred, and not exceeding five hundred, the Sum of Six-pence; for every hundred of such

overWeight above five hundred, and not exceeeding ten hundred, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence;

for evenr Hundred of such over Weight above ten hundred, and not exceeding fifteen hundred, the Sum

of five Shillings ; and for every Hundred of such over Weight above fifteen hundred, the Sum of twenty

Shillings: Which said additional Toll or Duty, hereby granted and made payable at any Weighing En-

gine, as aforesaid, shall and may be levied and recovered in any of the Cafes aforesaid, upon any Person

liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall, after Demand made thereof, refute or ne-

gle& to pay the fame, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty payable at the fame Toll-gate or Bar,

where any such Engine shall be erefled, is or shall be by Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money

arising from such additional Toll or Duty shall be applied to the Repairs of the Turnpike Road where the

fame mall be collected.

No Waggon, HI. And be it further enacted. That from and after the said first Day of August> no Waggon, Cart, or

Cart,or Car* Carriage, employed only rn Husbandry, or. carrying only Manure or Lime for the Improvement of Land.

riage, employed or Hay, Straw, rodder, or Corn unthreftied (excepting Hay or Straw carried for Sale), shall be weighed

in Hufoandry, at any Weighing Engine now erected, or hereafter to be erected ; any Law or Usage to the contrary

to b« weighed. notwithftan3in?f 6

Tnjftee* within ^\ lt ^ur^er enacted, That the Trustees of the several Turnpike Roads within ten Miles of

jo Mile* of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, ma^, and they are hereby impowered,

London, sec. at their General or Quarterly Meetings, to lower the several additional lolls hereby directed to be taken,

way lower the as aforesaid, for overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient.

vv°al,*oni c rt* * And whereas the Exemption from Toll in the before-recited A&, given to Waggons, Carts, and

moving1 ’ € Carriages, moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, with flat Sur-

upen Roiieri to 4 facea, during the Term of one Year only, is found not to be a suficient Encouragement to induce Per-

P*f* Toll free 4 Tons to eredr and make use of the fame be it therefore enacted. That all such Waggons, Carts, and

for fiv« Year*, Carriages, shall, for and during the Term of five Years, to be computed from the twenty-ninth Day of

September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, be permitted to pass or be drawn upon any Turn-

tnd after that ^oac* Toll free; any Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding : And from and after

Term to pay the Expiration of such Term, then to pay Half Toll only, as directed by the before-recited Act.

only Half Toll.

CAP, LXXXIII.

An Act for making more effectualProvision for the Government of the Province of ^ueiec

in North America.

Prtamblt,

4 WHEREAS his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation, bearing Date the Seventh Day of October^

4 VV in the third Year or his Reign, thought fit to declare the Provisions which had been made in re-

4 spe& to certain Countries, Territories, ana Islands in America, ceded to his Majesty by the definitive

4 Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and

4 sixty-three: And whereas, by the Arrangements made by the said Royal Proclamation, a very large Ex-

4 tent of Country, within which there were several Colonies and Settlements of the Subjects of France,

4 who claimed to remain therein under the Faith of the said Treaty, was left, without any Provision be-

4 ing made for the Administration of Civil Government therein; and certain Parts of the Territory of

4 Canada, where sedentary Fisheries had been establi&ed and carried on by the Subjects of Fiance, Inha-

3 4 bitants

