i63

Timber under

her Uid in the

Brick-work of

Cfcimnin,

Stoves, See.

Wood-work on

the Front of

Chimnie* to be

fixed by Iron,

Naili

Timber.

Materials of ex-

ternal Walls.

C. 78. Anno dedmo quarto -Georgii III. A. 0,-1774.

■nfey, to fupnort the Bread thereof: And that no Timber shall, after the said Time, he said in any. Wall

beCifinches*11* unc^cr Hearth of any Chimney thereafter to be built, unless the fame shall be in every Part thereof

lower.°C ” which shall lie under such Hearth eighteen Inches at the leal! lower than the Surface of such Hearth ; and

Hea*th must be that the Hearth of every Chimney, to be built after the Time aforesaid, shall be laid wholly on Brick or

hid on Brick or Stone, except the fame be in a Cellar or Ground Story, and be laid and bedded on the foil’d Earth ; and

Stone,or on the every such Chimney shall have a Slab or Slabs, or Foot Paces before the fame, of Tile, Stone, Marble, or

Slabs before Iron, at lead eighteen Inches broad, and at leaf! one Foot longer than the Opening of every such Chim-

Hearth«,°and ney when finished ; and such Slab or Slabs, or Foot Paces, (hull be laid on Brick or Stone Trimmers, at

Brick Trimmers lead eighteen Inches broad from the Opening of such Chimney, or from the perpendicular Face of the

under them. Arch over the Opening which supports the Breast of such Chimney ; except the fame be in a Cellar or

No Timber fa Ground Floor, and be laid and bedded on the solid Earth : And that no Timber or Wood-work whatever

iheBtick-woik shall be laid in the Brick-work of any Oven, Stove, Copper, Still, Boiler, or Furnace, to be built after

of Ovenr,Cop- the said twenty-fourth Day of June, nor within two Feet of the Inside of any such Oven, Stove, Copper*

pert, ace. Still, Boiler, or Furnace ; nor shall any Timber whatever be‘laid in the Brick-work of any ChimBey, to

Pittance of Tun- after ^ nearer than nine Inches to the Opening of such Chimney, or than five

Inches to the Inside of the Flue of any Chimney, Oven, Stove, Copper, Still, Boiler, or Furnace, or

than nine Inches to the Inside of the Flue of any such Oven, Stove, Copper, Still, Boiler, or Furnace,

where any such Timber shall lie or be placed nearer than five Feet above the Mouth of the fame : And

that no Wood-work whatever shall, at any Time after the Time aforesaid, be affixed to the Front of any

{amb or Mantle, or to the Front or Back of any Chimney or Flue, except such Wood-work be affixed

y Iron Nails or Holdfarts, or other Iron Faftenings; and no Iron Nail, Iron Holdfaft, or other Iron

Fattening, shall lie or be drove more than three Inches into the Wall against such Chimney or Flue, or

No chimney to nearer than four Inches to the Inside of the opening of any Chimney : And that no Chimney shall* after

beerettedoo the Time aforesaid, be eretfted on any Timber-work whatever, except on such Piling, Bridging, or Plank-

ing, as may be necessary below the Foundation of the Building in which such Chimney 1* erected ; but

every Chimney thereafter to be built shall be erected on such Piling, Bridging, or Planking, or on solid

Ground, or on a Brick or Stone Foundation, or shall be set upon Brick or Stone Corbies, or Iron

Brackets, or upon Iron Shores, which Iron Shores shall be supported by Brick or Stone Foundations,.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enabled, That every external Wall or external Inclosure of every

Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Kate or Class of Building, which shall be erected

and built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June* and of every Addition or Enlargement thereafter to

he made to any Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, now

erected, or hereafter to be erected, shall be of Brick, Stone, Artificial Stone, Lead, Copper, Tin, Slate,

Tile, or Iron, or of Brick, Stone, and such Artificial Stone, Lead, Copper, Tin, Slate, Tile, and Iron

together, except the necessary Piling, Bridging, and Planking, for the Foundation of the fame, and also

except the necessary Templets, Chains, Bond-timbers, and also except the Doors, Sa(hes, Window?

shutters, and Door and Window Frames to such Buildings, and the Tiers or Stories of Door-cases and

Doors to all such Warehouses as are or shall be of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of

Saft frames and Building; all which Window-frames and Door frames shall be set in Reveals, and receded at lead four

poor-framest« Inches from the Front of the Building in which such Window-frames and Door-frames shall be fixed;

be m Reveals. and also except the Breflummers, Story-posts, and Plates, which may be made on the Ground-story only ;

and also except all Stall-boards for the Conveniencv of any Shop or Shops, which may be made on the

Ground-story only; which Breffummers, Story-posts, and Plates, and the Tiers or Stories ofDoor-cafcs

and Doors to all such Warehouses, ns before mentioned, arc not hereby required to be fixed in Reveals;

Story-posts and but no Story-post or Breffijmmer shall, at any Time,* after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be fixed

BrcH’ummetsto more than two Inches deep in any Party-wall, or be placed in any Front nearer than seven Inches to the

be but twolnches Centre Line of the Party-wall of such Building, if such Party-wall be of the Thickness of two Bricks*

in Party-walls. or nearer than four Inches and an Half to the Centre of such Party-wall, if such Party-wall shall not

exceed one Brick and an Half in Thickness; but no Timber-work whoever, other than and except

such Breflummcr, Story-posts, and Plates, and such Tiers or Stories of Door-cases and Doors shall be

laid in any such external Wall nearer than four Inches to the external Surface thereof; and every such

Story-post which shall be fixed as a Support to two Fronts, being the Corner of any Streets, Square,

Place, Court, or Way, (lull be of Oak or Stone, and at least twelve Inches square.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Flat, Gutter, and Roof,

of every Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, which shall

be“Boilr after the faidDay of- June,-and-every Turret, Dormer, and Lanthorn Light, or

other Erection, which shall be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, and every external Part

of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer, and Lanthorn, in any Building of the First, second, Third,

Fourth, or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, now built, and which shall, at any Time after the Time

aforesaid, be ripped or uncovered, shall be covered with Glass, Copper, Lead, Tin, Slate, Tile, or Ar-

tificial Stone; except the Doors, Door-frames, Windows, and Window-frames, of such Dormers, Turn

rets, Lanthorn Lights, or other Erections.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Coping, Cornice, Facia,

Window-drafting, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade, or other external Decoration or Projection whatsoever,

to be made after the said twenty-fourth Day of June% to any Building of the First, Second, Third, or

Fourth Rate or Class of Building; and also every Fcontifpiece to any Building of the First Rate or Class

of Building, now built, or hereafter to be built, or to any Addition or Enlargement of any such Build-

ing, shall externally be of Brick, Stone, Burnt Clay, or Artificial Stone, Stucco, Lead, or Iron; except

the Cornices and Dressings to Shop-windows ; and also except such covered Ways as may hereafter be

made to any Building, so nevertheless as that the said covered Wity, or any Part thereof, shall nor extend

4 beyond

Corner Story-

post* to be of

Oak or Stone,

and 11 Inches

Iquare.

Fl*t.«, Roofs,

See how to be

covered.

Materials of ex«

tfrnal Decora-

tions.

