A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 83. 185

4 bitants of the said Province of Canada, under Grants and Concession^ from the Government thereof, were

annexed to the Government of Newfoundland, and thereby subjected to Regulation? inconsistent with the

Nature of such Fisheries:’ May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted 5

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That all the Territories, islands, Countries \n North America* belonging to the Crown The Territories,

of Great Britain* bounded on the South by a Line from the Bay of Chaleurs* along the High Lands which islands, and

divide the Rivera that empty themselves into the River Saint Lawrence from those which fall into the Sea, Countries in

to a Point in for if- five Degrees of Northern Latitude, on the Eastern Bank of the River Corineflicut, North America,

keeping the fame Latitude directly Weft, through the Lake Champlain, until, ki the fame Latitude, it GrcatgBiUaiiv

meets the River Saint Lawrence; from thence up the Eastern Bank of the said Rives to the Lake Ontario ;

thence through the Lake Ontario* and the River commonly called Niagara; and thence along by the

Eastern and South-eastern Bank of Lake Erie, following the said Bank, until the fame shall be interfeftei

by the Northern Boundary, granted by the Charter of the PrOvmce of Pensylvania, in case the fame shall

be so interfered; and from thence along the said Northern and Western Boundaries of the said Province,

until the said Western Boundary strike the Ohio: But in case the said Bank of the said Lake shall not be

found to be so interfered, then flowing the said Bank until it shall arrive at that Point of the said Bank?

which shall be nearest to the North-weftem Angle of the said Province of Pensylvania* and thence by a*

right Line, to the said North-western Angle of the said Province; and thence along the Western Boundary

of the said Province, until it strike the River Ohio; and along the Bank of the said River, Westward, to

the Banks of the Miffijftppi* and Northward to the Southern Boundary of the Territory granted to the

Merchants Adventurers of England* trading to Hudforis Bay* and also all such Territories, islands, and

Countries, which have, fmee the tenth of February* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, been

made Part of the Government of Newfoundland, be, and they are hereby, during his Majesty’s Pleasure,

annexed to, and made Part and Parcel of, the Province of Quebec* as created and establifhea by the said provioceofQu*.

Royal Proclamation of the seventh of October* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three. ^ovioceo ^ "

II. Provided always. That nothing herein contained, relative to the Boundary of the Province of Que- Not tosffcatbe

bee, shall in any wise a ffeft the Boundaries of any other Colony. Boundaries of

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con- »«r ©there©-

flrued to extend, to make void, or to vary or alter any Right, Title, or Possession, derived under any nortomskeroia

Grant, Conveyance, or othterwife howsoever, of or to any Lands within the said Province, or the Pro- other Right*

vinces thereto adjoining; but that the fame shall remain and be in Force, and have EiFeft, as if this Act formerly grant-

had never been made.

4 IV. And whereas the Provisions, made by the said Proclamation, irt respect to the Civil Government Former ProW-

4 of the said Province of Quebec* and the Powers and Authorities given to the Governor and other Civil* fions made for

4 Officers of the said Province, by the Grants and Commissions issued irt consequence thereof, have been pvi*cc f°

4 found, upon Experience, to be inapplicable to the State and Circumstances of the said Province, the In-

habitants whereof amounted, at the Conquest, to above sixty-five thousand Persons professing the Re- 7 9

4 ligion of the Church of Romex and enjoying an established Form of Constitution and System of Laws, 4

4 by which their Persons and Property had been protefted, governed, and ordered, for a long Series of

4 Years, from the first Establishment of the said Province of Canada j be it therefore further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That the said Proclamation, so far as the fame relates to the said Province of Quebec,

and the Commission under the Authority whereof the Government of the said. Province is at present act-

ministered, and all and every the Ordinance and Ordinances made by the Governor and Council of Que-

bec for the Time being, relative to the Civil Government and Administration of Justice in the said Pro-*

vince, and all Commissions to Judges and other Officers thereof, be, and the fame are hereby revoked,

annulled, and made void, from and after "the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

five.

V. And, for the more perfect Security and Ease of the Minds of the Inhabitants of the said Pro- lnb«bitants'©f

4 vince,’ it is hereby declared. That his Majesty’s Subjects, professing the Religion of the Church oP

Rome of and in the said Province of Quebec, may have, hold, and enjoy, the free Exercise of the Reli- ReiigioiT

gion of the Church of Rome* subject to the King’s Supremacy, declared and established by an Act, made fubjctttorhe*

in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* overall the Dominions and Countries which then did,* King's Supre-

or thereafter (bould belong, to thelmperial Crown of this Realm; and that the Clergy of the said Church ®*cy* as h

may hold, receive, and enjoy, their accustomed Dues and Rights, with respect to such Persons only as* Z ’ *ndthc

{hall profess the said Religion Selr^L-

VI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make ea Due*,

such Provision out of the rest of the said accustomed Dues and Rights, for the Encouragement of the Pro- provisionm»y

testant Religion, and for the Maintenance and Support of a Protestant Clergy within the said Province, be made by hit

as be or they shall, from Time to Time, think nccefiary and expedient. Majesty for the

Support of the Protestant CJcrgj.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person, profeflimr the Religion of the Church of n0 Person pro-

cRo/ne* and refid ing in the said Province, shall be obliged to take the Oath required by the said Statute feflingtheRo-

passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* or any other Oaths fubstituted by any other Act m /K Religion ,

in the Placethereof 5 but that every such Person who, by the said Statute, is required to take the Oath therein 0£h*!d !0J£ke

mentioned, shall be obliged, and is hereby required, td take and subscribe the following Oath before the Go-' lf but to

vemor, or such other Person in such Court of Record as his Majesty shall appoint, whoare hereby authorised before the

to administer the fame; videlicety Governor, Ac,

the following. Oath.

Vol.XII. Bb *IAB.

