A.D. 1774*

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III, C. 183

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his late Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of

Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land; and to refrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of returning Officers at such

Elections, by altering the Time of Notice, ordered by the said Act to be given, in the

Service of Complaints to the Court of Session, of Wrongs done in Elections, and by re-

gulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Par-

liament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and

Council of a Borough, which ought in Course to be the presiding Borough at an Election,

happens to be reduced, and made void, by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not re-

vived by the Crown, when such Election is made.

1X7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At1

to explain ana amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Par-

4 liament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the Partiality, and regulate the Con-

4 due7, of returning Officers, at such Elections \ Complaints to the Court of Session, for Redress of Wrongs

4 committea by the inrolling, or refusing to inrol, Persons claiming to be inrolled in the Roll of Free-

4 holders, or in the annual Elections of Royal Boroughs, are ordered to be served upon thirty Days Notice:

4 And whereas it is found by Experience, so long Notice is unnecessary, and occasions Delay in the sum-

4 mary Determination of such Complaints, agreeable to the Intendment of the said A ft/ may it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jelly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the twelfth Day of

june> in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Court of Session shall

grant Warrants for the Service of all such Complaints as aforesaid, upon fifteen Days Notice.

4 II. And whereas the Elections of Magistrates and Counsellors of Royal Boroughs in Scotland have some-

c times been reduced and made void, by Decrees of the Court of Session, in Actions or Complaints

brought before the said Court for that rurpose, by which the Corporate Powers of such Boroughs are in

Effect in a State of Nonexistence, until restored by the Justice and Favour of the Crown: And where-

as no Pxovision is made in the aforesaid Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, or

any other Act now in being, for regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess

to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of Magistrates and Coun-

cil of a Borough, which ought in Course to have been the presiding Borough at the Election, happens

to be reduced, and not revived when the Election is made For remedying thereof, be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That in every Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Bo-

roughs in Scotland, when it shall happen that the Election of the Magistrates and Council of the Borough,

which ought to have been the pretiding Borough at such Election, is reduced and not revived, the next

Borough intitled to preside in Turn shall be the presiding Borough, and the Election shall be made at that

Borough; and the Commissioner for that Borough shall be the rresident of the Meeting of Commissioners

for the Election, and have a carting and decisive Vote, besides his own as Commissioner, where the Votes

of the Commissioners are equal; and the common Clerk of that Borough shall be Clerk to the Election;

and every Matter and Thing concerning the Election shall be proceeded in as if that Borough had been

the presiding Borough, in the ordinary Course of Rotation.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Borough which would have been

the presiding Borough at the’ Election, if the Election of the Magistrates and Counsellors of such Borough

had not been reduced, shall, when revived by the Justice and Favour of the Crown, have no Right or

Title to be a presiding Borough in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Bo-

roughs of which it is one, until the other Boroughs of the District, each in their Turn, have successively

provided, and that the Right devolves upon such Borough in the ordinary Course of Rotation.

PrewiVe.

AO r> Of* f)

Court cf Session,

00 15 Days No-

tice, dial I grant

Warrants lor

Service of Com-

plaints for Re-

tirefs of Wrong*

committed by

inrolling at

Elections.

Election of

Burgrf* to frrve

in Parliament

regulated.

The presid tng

'Borough of the

Drflrift how t»

be alccru&ed.

CAP. LXXX1L

An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and , and reduce into one Act of

ment, the general Laws now in leing for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great

Britain called England, and for other Purposes; so far as the fame relates to the Payment

of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of llorfts to be used in

Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect

to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes.

\X7 HEREAS much Inconvenience has been found to arise from the heavy additional Toils autho- prf,mUe.

YY ri'cd and directed to be taken by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Act Aft 13 Uco. 3.

. ' 'to

