520

*r)iofe Deter-

mination flull

be final.

Persons hiving

paid the Penal-

ty, or being

impriToned, may

appeal, &c.

Proceedi np.s not

to be quaihed lor

v-ant of Form,

*c.

Defendants may

plrad the Gene-

ral LTuc.

Treble Costs.

Prosecutiors un-

der this Act to

be com rrcneed

within 12

Months, &c.

Lirr itation of

Atlions.

Commencement

of this

Parts of various

Statutes re«

pealed :

13 Ric II.

39 Hen. VII.

5 fcliz.

'3 Jac. I.

7 J«. I.

Car. If.

3 & 4 Gul. Sc

Mar.

5 Geo. I.

so Geo. II.

C. 30. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. , A.D. 1776v

Justices, on Conviction to appear and try such Appeal at the General or Quarter Session which shall be*

held in and for the County, Division, or Place, wherein such Conviction or judgment was made or given*

next and immediately after the Expiration of ten Days from the Time of such Conviction, and to abide

by the Order or Determination of such Court, and for Payment of such Cost and Charges as shall be

awarded at the said Court; and every such Appeal and Appeals shall, by the Court at the said General or

Quarter Sessions, to which such Appeal or Appeals is or are made, be then examined, and the Fads and

Circumstances of the Cafe fully inquired into, and the Matter then finally heard and determined ; and in

case such Judgment, Determination, or Conviction, as aforesaid, shall be then and there affirmed, the

Party appealing shall pay unto the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, his, her, or their full Costs, to be ascer-

tained by Order of the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions.

XXII. Provided also, That in case any Person or Persons, thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved,

as aforesaid, shall have paid the Penalty inflicted by this Act for the Offence of which he, (he, or they

shall have been convicted, or shall be then imprisoned; every such Person or Persons having so paid, or

being so imprisoned, may appeal to such Judgment, Order, Determination, qr Conviction as aforesaid, on

entering into Recognizance by himself, herlelf, or themselves only, and without any Surety or Sureties*

conditioned as before mentioned, the said Penalty remaining in the Hands of such Justice or Justices, or

such Person or Persons continuing in Prison in the mean time, and until the Merits of the said Appeal

shall be heard and finally determined.

XXIII. Provided also, That no such Conviction made, or Judgment given as aforesaid, shall be set

aside by the said Court or General or Quarter Sessions, for want of Form, or for want of dating, or

through the miftating of any Fafts, Circumstances, or Matter whatsoever, in case the Fads alleged in

the said Conviction, or on which the fame shall be grounded, shall be proved to the.Satisfaction of the said.

Court; but such Appeal and Appeals shall be decided on the Merits of the Cafe only; nor shall such Con-

viftion or Judgment be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding*

XXIV. Provided-also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted fot

any Matter or Thing which he or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter

in Evidence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or suffer

a Discontinuance; or if upon a Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant

(lull have and recover his Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant bath in

any other Cafe by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecution for any Offence against this Act, shall be

commenced within twelve Calendar Months, but not after, from the Time of the Offence committed ;

and that such Persons as shall be prosecuted under this Act for any of the Offences aforesaid, shall not bo

liable to Prosecution for the fame Offences under any other Act of Parliament, or in atly Court of Attach-*

ment. Swainmote, Eyre, or any Forest Court.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Writs, and Prosecutions* to be commence*!

against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and

tried in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar

Months after the Fast committed, and not otherwise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and begin to be in Force on the

tenth Day of jfawr, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six : And from and

immediately after the Commencement thereof, so much of the thirteenth Chapter of the first Part of the

Statutes made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Richard the Second, as inflicts a Penalty on those

who shall use Heys, Nets, or other Engines, for destroying Deer ; (b much of the eleventh Chapter of the

Statutes made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, as relates to Deer; and

also so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for

punishing of unlawful taking Fish, Deer, or Hawks, as relates to Deer; and also so much of an Act, made

in the third Year of the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, An Act against unlawful hunting^ and

flea ling of Deer and Conies, as relates to Deer; and also so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of

the Reign of the said King fames the First, intituled, An Act for the Explanation of one Statute made in thi

second Session of this present Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act against unlawful hunting, and dealing of Deer

4 and Conies,’ as relates to Deer, except such Part thereof as repeals any Part of the Statutes of the third

of fames before-mentioned ; and also an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the unlawful courjing, huntings or killing of Deer; as also an Act*

made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary,

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers; and also an A&, made in

the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more

effectual an Act of the third and fourth Tears of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, 4 An

4 Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers;’ and also so much of an Act*

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and

doing Injuries and Violences to toe Persons and Properties of his Majesty s Subjects> and for the more speedy bring-

ing the Offenders to 'Justice \ and for the continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the

Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop~bindsy contained in an Act passed

in the sixth Tar of his present Majesty1 s Reign ; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons removing any

Materials used for J'ccuring Marsh or Sea Walls or Banks, and of Persons maliciously felting on Fire any Mine,

Pity :r Dcfph of Coal, or Cannel Coaly and of Persons unlaivfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in

For efts or Chaces, or beating or wounding Keepers or other Officers in ForeJlsy Chaces> or Parks 5 and for the more

effectually

