2g6

other to the

Officer who shall

due for the fame.

Collectors of the

Customs lo keep

Accounts of the

Time and Place

where Keels,

Boats, &c. are

marked, &c.

Persons appoint-

ed to'mark and

measure Keels,

8 >its, Arc. to

make Oath be-

fore the Collec-

for for the faith-

ful Discharge of

fhdr Duty.

Limiution-of

Aliens.

General Mae,

" Treble Costs.

How Proceedings

ore to be regu-

Jotodio Scotland,

Preamble,

After July r,

177 no Per-*

son who shall be-

gin to work as a

Collier or Salter

in Scotland to be

bound in any

other Way than

other Servants.

Owners of Col-

heries and Salt-

works, Scc. may

sake Apprentices.

C. 28. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

ficer or Officers of the Customs as shall feizo or sue for the same; and the said Forfeitures and Penalties

(excepting in such Cafes where other Directions are given in this Act) shall and may be prosecuted and

filed for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of

Ttf/p, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five,' the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal

Officer of the Customs, at every Port or Place in this Kingdom, where any Keels, Boats, Waggons, Bar-

rows, Carts, or other Vessels or Carriages whatsoever, shall be measured and marked in pursuance of the

Directions of this A&, or of any former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, shall register or cause to

be registered, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Time and Place when and where

the said Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, or other Vessels or Carriages, were measured, marked, and

nailed, with the Dimensions, and the Name of the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Quantity of Coals

each Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, or other Vessel or Carriage, will respectively hold and carry up to

the Mark fee thereon; and every Per son appointed, dr to be appointed, to measure, mark, and nail such'

Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, or other Vessels or Carriages, or to examine and take an Account

of the Quantity of Coals laden there from on Board any Ship or Vessel, shall take an Oath before the

Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where he shall

be so appointed, for the true and faithful Performance and Discharge of his Duty, according to the Direc-

tions and Instructions such Officer shall receive for that Purpose from the respective Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, which Oath the said Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal

Officer of the Customs, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or

Suit shall be commenced and prosecuted in the Court of Exchequer Only in that Part of Great Britain

called England, or in the Court of Session or Exchequer only in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land respectively, within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Fad shall be committed or

done: And if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in England% the Defendant or De-

fendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter

in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance ana by the Au-

thority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the

Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy

for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law: And if such Action

or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* the said Court of

Session or Exchequer before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defendant to plead

this Act on his Defence, and if the Pursuer shall not infifton his Action, or if Judgment shall be given

against the Pursuer, the Defendant shall ana may recover the full and real Expences he may have Deen

put to by any such Action or Suit.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for altering, explaining, and amending several Acts of Parliament of Scotland, re-

spefting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters.

4 \WHEREAS by the Statute Law of Scotland, as explained by the Judges of the Courts of Law

there, many Colliers and Coal-bearers and Salters are in a State of Slavery or Bondage, bound

4 to the Collieries and Salt-works where they work for Life, transferable with the Collieries and Salt-

4 works, when their original Matters have no further Use for them: And whereas Persons are discouraged

and prevented from learning the Art or Business of Colliers or Coal-bearers, and Salters, by their be-

coming bound to the Collieries and Salt-works for Life, where they shall work for the Space of one Year,

4 by means whereof there are not a sufficient Number of Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, in Scotland,

4 for working the Quantities of Coal and Salt neceflfarily wanted; and many new-discovered Coals re-

4 main unwrought, and many are not sufficiently wrought, nor are there a sufficient Number of Salters

4 for the Salt-works, to the great Loss of the Owners and Disadvantage to the Publick: And whereas

the emancipating or setting free the Colliers, Coal-beareis, and Salters in Scotland, who are now in a

State of Servitude, gradually and upon reasonable Conditions, and the preventing others from coming

4 into such a State of Servitude, would be the Means of increasing the Number of Colliers, Coal-bearers,

and Salters, to the great Benefit of the Publick, without doing any Injury to the present Matters, and

4 would remove the Reproach of allowing such a State of Servitude to exist in a free Countnrmay it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

1 this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day

of July, in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, no Person who shall begin to

work as a Collier, Coal-bearer, or Salter, or in any other Way in a Colliery or Saltwork, in Scotland9

shall be bound to such Colliery or Salt-work, or to the Owner thereof, in any other Way or Manner

different from what is permitted by the Law of Scotland with regard to Servants and Labourers; and that

they shall be deemed free, and shall enjoy the fame Privileges, Rights, and Immunities with the rest of his

Majesty’s Subjects, any Law or Usage in Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. rrovided always, That it shall be lawful for all Owners and Lessees of Collieries and Salt-works, and

fox Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, to take Persons bound by Contraft or Indenture, as Apprentices,

to

