A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. [C. 38, 39, 40. 317

Rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid ; and in lieu and instead thereof, all Earthen Ware *nd instead

(except India or China) not otherwise rated, whether painted or not, which, from and after the said J?hc,r°r» aI1

twentieth Day of Juney shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, either for private Use, or to be £crtht*n ^Vol.

uttered or fold in Great Britain, shall be liable to and pay for the old Subsidy, granted by the Act of Ton- 10c‘# foJ^very*

nage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, ten Pounds ten loo 1, ad valo*

Shillings for every one hundred Pounds, according to the true Value and Price of such Earthen Ware*; remj

to be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer or Pioprietor thereof, in the Presence of the to be aftertax

Customer, Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Importation, rn Oath of the

or any two of them; and the several further Subsidies, additional Duties, and all other Imports and Du-

ties whatsoever, to which such Earthen Ware was subject and liable to, at the Rate of Ten-pence per

Pound Weight, before the making of this Act, shall in like Manner be paid proportionably according to

such Value and Price, and not according to any other Rate or Value.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Earthen Ware shall be subject and Eirthen Wire

liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, that other unrated Goods, under- to theA

valued by the Importer or Proprietor, are subject and liable to by Law; and the several Subsidies, Impo- ,™ther#unratei

fitions, and Duties, made payable by this Act upon such Earthen Ware, shall be raised, levied, collected. Goods, &c.

recovered, paid and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under the Duties &c. to

like Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as the said former *>e collected and

Subsidies and other Duties were raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and were subject *PPIieJ

and liable to; and all the Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several a®rdm*j,c Power*

Acts of Parliament which granted or continued the fame respectively, shall continue in full Force and 0ftheAa*

Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, pay- which granted

ing, and applying the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, according to the true Intent the

and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, "ued m fttU

Powers, and Provisions, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act, orcc#

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. 1,250,000/.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to impower Jurtices of the Peace to administer Oaths where any Penalty is to be-

levied, or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, wherein the fame

is not expressly directed.

* TT 7 HERE AS it is frequently necessary for Jurtices of the Peace to administer Oaths or Affirma- Preamble

4 YV tions, where Penalties are to be levied, or Distreffes to be made, in pursuance of Acts of Par-

4 liament, which they have no Power to administer, unless authorised so to do by such Acts respectively ;*

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excel- Ifl 111 Cafct.

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, *cWareXeaed

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cafes where any Pe- to *hc ievied un^

nalty is directed to be levied, or Distress to be made, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, or here- der A a*, Juf-

after to be made, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices acting under the Authority of such tice*

Acts respectively, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer an Oath or P°.w?™d *d-

Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of levying such Penalties, 2c? for levying

er making such Distrefles respectively. such penait/e*,*

CAP. XL.

An Act for amending and explaining an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of his Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of

the Administration of Justice> and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of

Quebec, in America.

Pfeamblel

Clause in Ad

14 Geo. ill. ro»

cited.

brought into the said Province by Land Carriage, the fame shall pass and be carried through the Port of

* Saint Johns, near the River Sorrel; or if such Goods shall be brought into the said Province by any

4 Inland Navigation, other than upon the River Saint Lawrence^ the fame shall pass and be carried upon

4 the said River Sorrel by the said Port, and shall be there entered with and the said respective Rates and

4‘ Duties paid for the fame, to such Officer or Officers of his Majesty-s Customs as shall be there appointed

4 for that Purpose; and if any such Goods coming by Land Carriage or Inland Navigation, as aforesaid,

c(hall pass by or beyond the said Place before named without Entry or Payment of the said Rates and ,

4 Duties, or shall be brought inta any Part of the said Province by or through any other Place whatfo-

4 ever, the said Goods shall be forfeited ; and every Person who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned,

f * in the bringing or removing such Goods, or to whose Hands the fame shall come, knowing that they

were

