59*

Securities al-

ready given by

Directart, Ire.

Co be deemed

valid;

and may be

assigned, Ac.

the Interest of

them to be first

paid.

Directors, Ac.

may borrow

more Money.

Two Mode# of

borrowing i,

By Alignments

the Rates.:

By a Scheme of

Stirvivorship.

No Contributor

to advance left

Chan iool.

Treaforer to

keep a Book to

enter the Names

of Contributors;

Ac.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

tice of every such Alteration of the weekly Day of Meeting to be advertised in the Salisbury Journal, or

fame other public Paper circulating in the Isle of Wight and to be affixed on the Door of every Parish

Church in the said I {land.

c XXVIII. And whereas the Directors and acting Guardians of the said Corporation have atready bor-

* rowed large Sums of Money under the Authority heretofore veiled in them, and have given Securities

% for the fame: And whereas the said Directors and acting Guardians will find it necessary to borrow

• more Money for effecting all the Purposes of this AS ;* be it further enacted, That all Securities al-

ready given by the said Directors, or by the said Directors and acting Guardians, for Monies already bor-

rowed, be deemed good and lawful Securities, and that they may, from Time to l ime, be devised, or

may be assigned, by Indorsement, without Stamps; and such Devises or Assignments(hall entitle the Per-

son or Persons to whom the fame shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Monies, due or to grow due,

upon such Securities ; and that all Rates and Assessments already made, or hereafter to be made, by virtue

of this A d of Parliament, or of the Ad above recited, for the Purpose of maintaining the Poor, be first

charged to pay the Interest due, and to grow due, upon such Securities; and that the Treasurer of the

Corporation for the Time being shall pay the Interest thereof, and be allowed the fame on making up

his Accounts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Directors and acting Guardians aforesaid shall have Power

to borrow such further Sums of Money as they may find necessary, for the Purposes of this Act, provided

that the whole Sum by them borrowed, including what they have borrowed already, do not exceed the

Sum of twenty thousand Pounds.

‘ XXX. And, in order to raise the Money hereafter to be borrowed, in such Manner as shall be mod

€ beneficial to the Inhabitants of the Isle of JVight, who arc to pay the Interest of the fame / be it enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for the Directors and acting Guardians, at their Discretion, to raise pny

Part of the said Money by either of the Ways following; (that is to say) either by mortgaging a Portion

of the Rates and Affemnents hereafter directed to be raised, to pay an Interest not exceeding four Pounds

per Centum, till the Principal Money is paid off; or by a Scheme of Survivorship, or according to the

rrovisions and Regulations herein after contained. . t ,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That for so much Money as the said Directors and ad^ig Guardians

shall borrow, at an Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, they.may’atfignovtr by

Writing, signed by seven of the said Directors at the least, under the Common Seal pr the said Corpora-

tion, a sufficient Portion of the Rates and Assessments to be collected within the Isle of Wight in pursuance

of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed

•in virtue of this Act; and such Securities may be, from Time to Time, assigned and transferred, by In-

dorfement or otherwise, without Stamps; and such Assignments or Transfers shall entitle the Person or

Persons, to whom the fame shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Monies^ so due, and to grow due,

upon such Securities; and such Monies so to be borrowed, shall from Time toT Time be applied for the

Purposes of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Directors and acting Guardians shall think proper

to raise any Portion of the Money, which by this Act they are allowed to borrow, by a Scheme of Sur-

vivorship, the fame shall and may be raised in Manner following ; (that is to say) if any Number of Per-

fons shall agree with the said Directors and acting Guardians, to pay^jthem a Portion of the Sum so to be

borrowed, by contributing a Sum of Money for the Purposes of* this Act, at any Interest not exceeding

five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the whole Sum so advanced, to be paid to the said Contributors,

their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Lives of the said Contributors, or of the Persons

by them named, according to the Provisions herein after made, in such Shares as are proportioned to the

Sums of Money which each of the said Contributors respectively shall advance ; that then in such Cafe

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians to accept the Sum of Money

so contributed, and to apply the fame to the Purposes of this Act, and in Recompence for the said Money,

out of the Assessments herein after directed to be made, to cause to be paid by the Treasurers of the Cor-

poration for the Time being, among the Contributors, any Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum

per Annum on the whole Sum so contributed, according as the said Contributors and the said Directors

and acting Guardians shall agree, before the said Money is advanced; all which said Interest shall be fairly

divided amongst the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Lives of their

respective Nominees, in Proportion to the Sums by the said Contributors advanced, yearly and every Year,

by two equal half-yearly Payments; and upon the Death of every Nominee, the Share or Shares of the

said Money which was or were payable during his Life, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the

Contributors whose Nominee shall then be living, and so from Time to Time, upon the Death of every

Nominee whatsoever, whose Share or Dividend was payable during the Life of such Nominee, shall be

equally divided amongst the rest of the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during

the Lives of their respective Nominees; so that from Time to Time the whole Interest agreed to be paid

to the said Contributors, for the Sum by them advanced, shall be divided and paid among the Contributors

whose Nominees do survive, until such Time as there shall be no Nominee living ; and on the Death of

all the Nominees, all Interest in and for the said Sum of Money so contributed shall cease.

XXXIII. Provided always. That no Contributor shall advance less than one hundred Pounds, or name

more than one Life for every one hundred Pounds so advanced ; and that if any Contributor shall name

any other Life than his or her own, he or she, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be

entitled to his or her Share of such Interest during the Life of the Person whom he or she shall so name.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That an Account of the several Portions of Money respectively

contributed, and the Names of the respective Contributors, and of their Assigns or Devisees, and also the

Names of the Persons whose Lives are by the said Contributors named, together with their Additions and

Places

