A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. 0.40.- 577

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed, for the Trouble and Expences of

the several Persons employed in the Tran factions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and

transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Drredions aforesaid,

the Sums following, and no more; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return

which {hall be made from every such Parish, Township, and Place, the Sum of two Shillings and Six-

pence: To the High Constable, or other proper Officer, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling and Six-

pence: To the Overfeers of the Poor, for the like, the Sum of two Shillings: To the Clerks of the

Justices of the Peace, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling: And that the Justices of the Peace, at their

respective Quarter Session, which shall be held next after Michaelmas) one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six, shall, and are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers to pay the

fame out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts,

Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Counties Corporate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall,

if not immediately paid, be levied bjr Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by virtue

of u Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Of-

fender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus, if any, after the Charge of such Distress

and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall nottbc found, then it mall be lawful for

such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize,

for a Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner

paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid and applied, one Half to thelnformer, and the

other Half to the said respectiveTreasurers in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed

a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying,

or being liable to pay, to such County Rates.

Feet to be al-

lowed for each

Return*

To the Clerk of

the Peace,

2f.6d.

High Constable j

xi. 6d.

Overseers, 2 s.

Justices Clerlcr,

is.

Penalties and

Forfeitures* host

to be recovere4

and applied*

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS^ to whieby by Direction of an Act)

passed in the sixteenth Tear of his Majesty King George

the Third) intituled, 44 An Act for obliging the

“ Overseers of the Poor) within the several Parishes

44 and Places within that Part of Great Britain

44 called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to

44 certain Que/lionsspecified in the At7, relative to the

cc State of their Poor: and to authorise and require

44 the fuftices of the Peaces within their respective

44 Divijions and JurisdictionS) in the several Coun-

44 ties and Cities in England and Wales, to take

44 such Returns upon Oath) and to cause them to be

44 transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments ;n

Answers are to be returned by the Overseers of the

Poor of every Parish, Township) ana Place) in

Writing) upon Oath) andfigned by them, for which

Purtofe the said Overseers are to attend the Justices

of the Peace) within their respective Jurisdictions,

at such Times and Places as they shall appoint, on Pain

of forfeiting) for every Default or Neglect) a Sum

not exceeding five Pounds, nor left thanforty Shil-

lings*

J. 1T7HAT was the Amount of the Assessments

Vy for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year

ending ztEafler, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six?

ll. How much of those Assessments was applied for

the Relief or on Account of the Poor, and how

much for the Payment of County Rates, or any

other Purposes; distinguistung also the Amount

of what paid for the Rent of Workhouses, or

paid or allowed for Habitations for the Poor; and,

-if any of the Poor reside in Houses buik at the

Expence of the Parish, Township, or Place, state

the total annual Value of such Houses

ANSWERS returned to those QuefionS) by the

Overseers of the Poor of the Parish [ Township, or

Extraparocbial Place, as the Cafe may be] of

in the County [Riding) Divi-

fton, &c. as the Cafe may be] of

the Day of 10*

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six

THE Assessments for the Relief of the Poor, in

the Year ending at EafftT) one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-six, amounted to

There was applied of the Money collected under

those Assessments, on Account of the Poor only,

£.

Ditto for the Payment of County Rates, or other

Purposes, the Sum of £.

Out of which Money applied on Account of the

Poor, there was paid for Rent of Workhouses, the

Sum of £.

Out of Ditto there was paid or applied for Habi-

tations for the Poor, the Sum of

£

The annual Value of Houses occupied by poor Per-

fons, which are the Property of the Inhabitants of

the said Parish, [Township, or Extra - parochial

Place] amounts to £.

4 E 2

