A.D. 1774*

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 72. 134

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on the said new-manufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton spun in, Length, VjH

Great Britain* when printed, stained, painted, of dyed, with any Colour or Colours* vii^onihcncwl

nsanufactured Stufti*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person

or Persons to use or wear, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* either as Apparel, Houfhoid Stuff, Fur-

niture, or otherwise, any new-raanufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton spun in Great Britain* when

printed, stained, painted, or dyed, with any Colour or Colours; any Thing in the said recited Act of the

seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, or any other Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And, to the End it may be known that such Stuffs were manufactured in Great Britain be it

further enacted, That in each Piece of the said new-manufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton Wool,

spun in Great Britain* there shall be wove in the Warp, in both Selvages, through the whole Length

thereof, three blue Stripes, each Stripe of one Thread only; the first of which said Stripes shall be the first

or outermost Thread of the Warp of each Salvage; the Second of which said Stripes shall be the third

Thread; and the third of which said Stripes, shall be the fifth Thread of the Warp from each Selvage; and

that each Piece of the fame Stuffs, when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in England* Wales* or Berwick

ttf on Ttveed% be damped at each End with a Stamp, to be provided for that Purpose by the Commissioners of

Excise in England for the Time being, or by the Officers employed or to be employed under them, and

instead of the Word Callico, which stands for Foreign Callicoes, each Piece be marked with the Words,

British Manufactory; and that each Piece of the fame Stuff?, when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in

Scotland* be stamped at each End with a Stamp, to be provided for that Purpose by the Commissioners of

Exctfe in Scotland for the Time being, or by the Officers employed or to be employed under them, and

instead of the Word Callico, which stands for foreign Callicoes, each Piece be marked with the Words*

British Manufactory.

IV. And be it further mailed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Body or

Bodies Corporate, shall expose, or cause to be exposed, to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Custody or

Possession, in Great Britain* any Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, and primed, painted, stained, or dyed

(Mullins, Neckcloths, and Fuftians excepted), wherein shall not be woven in the Warp, in both Selvages,

only through the whole Length of each Piece three blue Stripes (unless for Exportation), then such Perfofc

or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate so offending, shall not only forfeit all and every such last mentioned

Stuff’s so exposed, or caused to be exposed, to Sale, or which shall be in his, her, or their Custody or Pof-

fession, but shall also forfeit for every Piece thereof the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and divided

in Manner herein-after mentioned; save only such Stuffs as are wholly made of Cotton Wool, and which

have been, or shall be, manufactured in Great Britain* and which shall be marked or stamped on or before

the seventeenth Day of August* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, by some Officer to be ap-

pointed by the Commissioners of Excise; all which last-mentioned Stuffs, so manufactured and marked or

stamped, it shall and may be lawful to expose, or cause to be exposed, to Sale, or for any Person or Per-

fons, Body or Bodies Corporate, to have in his, her, or their Custody or Post’tffion; any Thing in this

Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Cotton Velvets, Velverets,

or other Fuftians, manufactured in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Penalties in the said recited

Act, which may have been incurred for the wearing or using any Sort of the said new-manufactured Stuffs,

wholly made of Cotton Wool, spun in Great Britain* and printed, painted, stained, or dyed, within the

.Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be recovered or levied, unless some Prosecution for the fame hath been already

commenced, and Judgment already obtained thereupon; any Thing in the said recited Act contained tp

the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty of Three-pence for every

Yard in length, reckoning Yard wide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be imposed,

jaised, levjed, collected, and paid, upon the said new-manufactured Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, spun

in Great Britain* when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in England* Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed*

-shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and the

Officers employed, or to be employed, under them; and that the Lid Duty upon the fame Stuffs, when

.printed, stamed, painted, or dyed, in Scotland* shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of

Excise in Scotland for the Time being, and the Officers to be employed under them; and that the fa d

respe&ive Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland for the Time being shall, from Time to Time,

pay, cr cause to be paid, all the Monies that they shall respectively receive for the said Duty of T hree-

pence for every such Yard as aforesaid, upon the fame Stuff's, when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, as

the fame shall arise into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer in England, under the like Penalties, For-

feitures, and Disabilities, as are to be InfliCted under or by virtue of any Act, Statute, or Law made, and

now in Force, for diverting or misapplyir.g any Monies by any such Act, Statute, or Law, appropriated

,or appointed for any the PurposeS therein exprefl'ed.

VIII- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners to be ap-

Tpointed for managing the said Duty upon the said new-manufactured Cotton Stuffs, when printed, ffained,

.painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, as afcreUk), shall, on or before the fifth Day of July, orfe thousand

(even hundred and seventy-four, proviJe proper Seals or Stamps, for marking such of the said new-manu-

-factured Cotton Stuffs to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, as aforesaid, as are to be

stamped and marked, for and in order to the charging of the said Duty for the fame; and shall cause the

laid Seals or Stamps to be distributed to the respective Officers, for the several Purposes before mentioned ;

7 which

All Persons maf

wear and ule the

lame.

Marks, to knew

that such Stuffs

are manufac-

tured in Bi irafn9

to be wove

the yfaif.

PeVfons exposing

such to Bale

without the

Mark, f

(unless for Ex-

portation},

fha 1 forfeit the

Stuffs, and 50I,

for every Piece.

Exception.

Cotton Velvets,

or Fuftians, ex-

acted

No future Re-

covery of Penal-

ties to be m.-de

by virtue of awl

7 Geo. i.

Duty to be le*

v>d in Kngl. nd

by ihe Comm 1 f-

fijnetsof Excise,

and by the said

Comtnillii*ner»

in Sco hnd

^nd to be paid

in'o the Receipt

of Exchequci

Comnrvflnnera

to provide pro-

per Seals or

Stamps before

J»!y 5. *774*

-

