A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 44. 83

mentioned, concerning the Offices of the said Register and Accountant General, and for no other Use or

Purpose whatsoever.

III. Provided always. That from such Time as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord

Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall deem the dcemVr Pur-

Purposes of this Act to be fully satisfied, and shall in Testimony thereof, by an Order of the said Court, pofcsofthe Art

declare the fame, and direct the Accountant General of the said Court not to issue any Draft, and the satisfied.

Governor and Company of the Bank of England not to issue any further Sum or Sums of Money for

any of the Purposes aforesaid, the Appropriation herein-before made of the Surplus Money placed to the the Apprnpri.

Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest <haUce,fc*

arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, and

also of the Interest of Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Act, shall, from thenceforth, cease and

be at an End.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Produce arising from the Securities to be inters wifm*

purchased in pursuance of this Act shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of from Security*

the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept there for the *°l,<! r^e,vvr€d

Suitors of the said Court, of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act; and that of

the Surplus Interest which shall arise from such Securities, after so much thereof as shall be necessary for

the Purposes aforesaid shall have been raised thereout, or out of the several other Funds hereby provided

for raising the fame; and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities to be purchased

with such Surplus Interest, as herein-after mentioned, shall or may, by any Order or Orders of the said

Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out on Government

or Parliamentary Securities; and the Interest or annual Produce arising from such Securities shall, from

Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be placed

to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept at the Bank for the Suitors of the said Court,

of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies

placed out in pursuance of this Act.

V- Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That if, at any Time hereafter, the Whole, Pm of

or any Part of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, hereby directed to be placed out as aforesaid, shall ]

be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; then* and in such b/warued’ the

Cafe, the said Court may and shall direct the fame, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Secu- Court may d,re€t

rities in which the fame shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may, the fame to be

at all Times, be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such 'ailed in for

Suitors. the Use of lilt

Suitor*.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jessy King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds

and Ahujes committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen^

Linen, Fufiian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures

and fer preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Pressers,

and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures 5 and for the better Payment of

their Wages.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late preamble.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Art 22 Geo. a*

€ Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fujlian,

Cotton, I> on, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Siftr Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful

€ Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said ft-

c veral Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; certain Punishments, therein mentioned,

arc to be inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn: And whereas it hath been found

by Experience, that the Punishments directed to be inflicted by the said Act for reeling false or short

€ Yarn are too severe, on which Account Offenders go frequently unpunished, and many honest fnduftrious

Persons are deterred from fpinningmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as subjects any repealed eon-

Person or Persons to any Punishment whatsoever for reeling false or short Yarn, shall be, and the fame is fining the reef-

hereby repealed. . Yarn.

4 II. And, in erder to prevent Persons reeling false or short Yarn for the future/ be it further enacted,' Penalties in-

Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall reel false or short Yarn, flirted bythit

and shall he thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of the Owner of such Yarn; or in case such Owner Art, for rechag

is one of the People called Quakers, then upon the solemn Affirmation of such Owner, or of any other 0It *rn#

credible VVimcfs or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence,

before any one or mo:e Justice or Justices of the Peace, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Place, v here such Offence shall be committed, or where the Person or Persons so charged shall

reside or inhabit (which 0~th such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to adn.i-

M z uifter),

