io6 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

•ompleted, E*e- on each Share, which he, (he, or they, {hall have been possessed of or intitled to, without having made

SSTSy—I Prov^on by Writing, or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall bedisposed of, and the Money paid in

went. ay* upon Calk for the future; then, and in such Cafe, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner

dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant, or other Person or Persons

whatsoever, intitled to the Estate or Effects of such Owner deceased, shall be indemnified against all and

every such Infant or Infants, or other Persons whatsoever, for paying any Sum of Money when called for

as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription: And if such Owner deceased shall not have left Affcta

sufficient, or in case the Executor, Administrator, Trustee, or Guardian, shall refuse or neglect to answer

such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be, and are hereby impowered, authorised, and required,'

to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such Owner

deceased, on Condition that he, (he, or they, so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admillion,

pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner, or the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or

Guardians, of any Infant, or others, intitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which

shall hav e been paid by such Owner in his or her Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise,

upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for.

Pew Shire* XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the several Propri-.

^ b tc^irppfeJ etorsof any such Share or Shares, to sell and dispose thereof, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein

•rietori • ’ mentioned ; and any Purchaser or Purchasers shall, for his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such.

f * Proprietor or Proprietors, have a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed of Assignment or Conveyance made

unto him, her, or them, and executed by such Person or Persons, of whom he, she, or they, shall pur-,

chafe the fame, and also by the Purchaser or Purchasers; one Part whereof, duly executed both by the

Seller and Purchaser, shall be delivered to the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, to be filed,

and kept for the Use of the said Company, and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept

by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no more than one Shilling shall be paid ; and the said Cleric,

is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly ; and until such Duplicate of such Deed shall be so deli-

vered unto the said Clerk, and filed and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have

no Part or Share of the Profits of the said. Undertaking, or Money raised by virtue of this Act, or any

Interest for such Share, or any Vote as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Shares shall be fold, assigned,

and transferred, in the Form, or to the EfFeft following ; to wit9

Form of the Sale 4 T A. R. in consideration of paid to me by C. D. do hereby bargain, fell,

and Tr.nsfcr. J[ assign, and transfer, to the said C D. his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and

4 Assigns, Shares (as the Cafe is) in the Undertaking for making a Bason or Dock, Key or

* Wharf, Reservoir, and other Works, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, to hold to him the said C. D.

4 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the fameCon-

4 ditions, that I held thedame immediately before the Execution hereof; and 1 the said C. D. do hereby

4 agree to accept thereof, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions.

4 Witness our Hands and Seals the Day of in the Year of our Lord

Aftn Dee. y> XLII. And be it further enafteJ by the Authority aforesaid, That, in consideration of the great Charges

1774, Company and Expences which the making, building, erecting, and providing, such Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf,

may take Rats Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and Works, and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping, the-

lor Shipping. fame in Repair for the future, will amount unto, there shall be payable, and paid, from and after the said

thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the said Company, or to

Ship* of War, their Collectors or Deputies, for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel (the King’s Ships of War, and other

*c. excreted. Ships and Vessels employed in his Majesty’s Service, only excepted) coming into or going out of the said

Harbour, Bason, or Docks, within the Port of Kingston upon Hull, or unlading or putting on Shore, or

lading or taking on board, any of their Cargo, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, within the said

Port, by the JVlafter or Commander, Owner or Owners, of every such Ship or Velfe], the several Rates or

Duties of 7 onage (according to the full of the Reach and Burthen) hereafter particularly rated and de-

ferred ; (that is to say)

The Rite*. For every Ship or VeGel coming to or going between the Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port to the

Northward of Yarmouth, in Norfolk, or any Port to the Southward of the Holy Ijland9 for every Ton*

Twopence.

For every Ship or Vessel coming to or going between the Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port or

Place between the North Foreland and Shetland, on the East Side of England, except as above, for every

Ton, the Sum of Three-pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any other Port or Place

in Great Britain, not before described, for every Ton, the Sum of Six-pence.*

For every Ship or Vefitl trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port or Place in the

Babich Seas, and all other Ports or Places above the Sound9 for every Ton, the Sum of one Shilling and

Three-pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull 2nJ any Port or Place in

Denmark, Sweden, or Norway, below Elftnure, or any Port or Place in Germany, Bio land, Flanders,

France, to the Eastwatd of Vjhant9 Irelandy the islands of Guernsey and Jefy9 for every Eon, the Sum of ;

Ten-pence.

For

