79

C. 32*

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

A.D. 1774^

Qualification of

Governor, &c.

Qualification of

Voter*.

After May if,

1774, Six-tenth*

of the additional

Capital subscrib-

ed for to be paid

writhia threp

Year*.

Proprietor*,

after ihe Capital

is completed,

may pay the

Whole of their

Subscription*

before May 15,

1775-

Manner of cha-

sing Governor,

Dep. Governor,

Ac.

Howlntimitian

of annual Meet-

ings is to be

given for Elec-

tion of Gover-

nor, See,

Proprietors may

fend Lifts of Per-

fons they intend

for Office*.

Perfoas claim*

- ing t# vote at

Clffttaattotalce

sufficient Warrant to the said Court for issuing Letters of Horning against such Person or Persons for the*

Call or Calls unpaid by them, at the instance or Suit of the Treasurer of the said Bank. » -

IX. And bejt further enabled. That after the additional Capital has been completed by Subscription*

or Purchases, as above directed, no Proprietor shall be elected Governor, unless he has, upon the Origi-.

nal and New Stock together, paid in the Sum of sixteen thousand Pounds Scots; nor Deputy Governor*

unless he has, upon the Original and New Stock together, paid in twelve thousand Pounds Scots i nor

Director, unless he has upon the Original and New Stock together, paid in six thousand Pounds Scots.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said additional Capital has been completed by Subscrip-*

tions or Purchases, as above directed, no Proprietor shall be intitled to give his Vote in Election or a

Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, or in any Question, in any General Meeting, who i9 not

possessed of two thousand Pounds Scots of Old or New Stock, or Old and New Stock together, and.

who has not actually paid in the said two thousand Pounds: And that every Proprietor shall have a Vote

for each two thousand Pounds which he has actually paid in: Provided always, That no Proprietor shall

ever be intitled to more than twenty Votes.

XI. And it is hereby provided and declared, That Six-tenths of the additional Capital to be sub-.

feribed for or purchased, in Manner above mentioned, shall be actually paid in by the Subscribers or

Purchasers within the Space of three Years from and after the fifteenth Day of May> one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-four, and that by such Proportions, and at such Times, within the said three Years*

as shall be ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting or Meetings of Proprietors; and that the remaining-

Four-tenths shall be paid in at such Times, and by such Proportions, as shall be ordered by a Majority cf

a General Meeting or Meetings of Proprietors: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall pre-

vent a Majority of a General Meeting^or Meetings of Proprietors to call for the Whole, or any Part of the

additional Capital, at such Time or Times, within the said Period of three Years, from and after the said

fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, as to them shall seem proper.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of every such Sub-

scriber or Subscribers, Purchaser or Purchasers, after the said Capital has been completed, as above di-

rected, to pay in the Whole, but not a Part of the Sum, he, she, or they, has or have subscribed or pur-,

chafed, although the fame shall not have been called for by a General Meeting, provided that such Pay-

ment be made by him, her, or them, between and the fifteenth Day of May, which will be in the Year*

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and, upon such Payment being so made, with,

the legal Interest of the fame, from the Day of the yearly balancing of the Bank’s Books, immediately

preceding the Payment^ he, (ne, or they, making such Payment, shall be intitled to a Share of the Pro-

fits^ accruing to the Bank, and be subject to a Share of the Loss that may arise to it, from and after the

aforesaid yearly Balancing, immediately preceding such Payment, in Proportion to the Share or Shares so

subscribed for and paid in by him, her, or them; and he, she, or they, shall thereupon be intitled to

Votes in the Proportions before mentioned; and he. shall be intitled to be elected Governor, Deputy Go-

vernor, or Director, if the Sums paid in by him be of the Extent above required to qualify him for these

Offices.

4 XIII, And whereas the said Act of the Scotch Parliament, made in the Year one thousand fix hun-

c dred and ninety-five, has not been sufficiently explicit in laying down a particular Mode of electing the

4 Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, to be annually chosen; and it has been the Practice for the

c Proprietors to fend signed Lifts to the Directors of the Persons they intended to vote for, and for the Di-

4 rectors to report to a subsequent General Meeting the Persons chosen by the Majority: And whereas,

4 instead of chusing twenty-four Directors, in Terms of the aforesaid Act, it has been the Practice, in

4 consequence of a Resolution of a General Meeting of the Proprietors, held on the twelfth Day of Yhw*,.

4 one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, to chuse twelve ordinary Directors, and twelve extraorcHnary

4 Directors, which last only jrive their Assistance on certain Occasions/ be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That in Time to come, a General Meeting of the Proprietors shall be held annu-

ally, on the last Tuesday of March, for the Purpose of chusing a Governor, Deputy Governor, twelve;

ordinary, and twelve extraordinary Directors; and that every Proprietor, present at that General Meet-

ing, shall give in to the Governor, or Deputy Governor, or such of the Directors for the preceding Year

as are then present, a List, containing the Names of the Persons for whom he or she means to vote into

these respective Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That regular Intimation shall be made

in the Newspapers, called The Edinburgh Evening Courant% and Caledonian Mercury, of the Day upon

which the Annual General Meeting for the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors,

is to be held, at least thirty Days before such annual General Meeting.

4 XV. And, in order that those Proprietors who cannot attend personally may not be deprived of the

4 Right to vote in such Eleftion/ be it also hereby further enacted, That all such Proprietors shall be

allowed to fend Lifts of the Persons whom they mean to vote into the said respective Offices, which Lift,

if holograph, of the Proprietor or Proprietors by whom they are sent, or signed by such Proprietor or

Proprietors before two or more credible Witnesses, and addressed to the Governor, Deputy Governor,

and Directors of the Bank of Scotland, shall be equally efteftual as if the Signers of them were personally

present: And the Lifts being so given in, the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of the pre-

ceding Year, or such of them as are present, shall immediately proceed to investigate the Lifts in Presence

of the Meeting; and shall report, to that Meeting, the Names of the Persons who appear to be elected,

by the Majority of Votes, into the said respective Offices of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors,

ordinary and extraordinary.

XVI. Provided always, That every Person claiming a Right to vote in such Election^ or to vote in

any General Meeting of the said Bank, shall be obliged to, and do take the following Oath j videlicet,

4 4 I A. B.

