52

Form of the

Bonds.

Bonds to be

numbered.

Heritable Secu-

rities to be grant-

ed to Trustees.

All Bonds given

by the Trustees

to be stamped

with a is. 6d«

Stamp.

Bonds to be

transferrable by

Indorsement

withoutStamps.

Indorsees may

bring Actions at

Law for the Re-

covery of their

Money.

Bonds not ne-

gotiable by In-

dorsement after

June 24 1782.

Proviso.

Enn^s to be per-

sonal £ ft ate.

Publick Act.

C. 2i. Anno decimo qnarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

1TNOW all Men by these Presents, That we being a Quorum of the Com*

« IV ipittee, nominated and appointed by the Copartners of the Partnership in Scotland, which past under

the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, with Power to do all Things necessary for extricating the

c Affairs of the said Company, are held and firmly bound to in the Sum of

1 of lawful Money of Great Britain; for the due Payment whereof we bind the said Company, and our-

(elves, and each of us, and our and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the Copartners

of the said Copartnership, and each of them, and their and each of their Heirs* Executors, and Admi-

‘ ni fir a tors respectively.. Witness our Hands this Day of one thousand seven

c hundred and

The Condition of the above-written Obligation is such, That if the said or any of them, or the

said Mejfieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company, do and shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, unto the

said his Executors, Administrators, or AJfigns, the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, at or on the Royal Exchange in the City of London, on the Day

of which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and with Inter ejl

for the fame in the mean Time, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, in London, by two

half-yearly Payments; that is to say, on the Day of and Day o f in

every Year, by even and equal Portions, free from all Taxes and Deductions,whatsoever, the first Payment thereof

to be made on the Day of next ensuing the Date of the said Obligation, then the

said Obligation shall be void, or else remain in full Force and Virtue.

Which Bonds so to be given shall be numbered, beginning with Number I. and so proceeding in arithme-

tical Progression, and shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, by Kenneth M'Kenzie of

Spring Gardens, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, without Fee or Reward, or by such other Person as

lnall be appointed by the said Inspectors; and which Bonds shall be inspected and approved of by any one

of the said Inspectors in the following Words: I have inspected, and approve this Bond.

IL Provided always, that prior to the issuing of the said Bonds, heritable Security shall be granted and

constituted to Sir william Henry Ashhurst Knight, fames Montgomery, Alexander IVedderbum, Henry

Dundas, Joseph Banks, Richard Glover, and Alexander Mackonochie, Esquires, in Trust, in Terms of the

Proposals before mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds to be given by the said Henry

Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of J9ueenjlerry and Dover, Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, John

Hamilton of Sundrum, Alexander Fergujon of Craigdarrocb, Ilay Campbell, David Fergufon, Alexander wight,

John Campbell, Andrew Crojbie, George Home, Alexander Mackonochie, Thomas Lockhart, and John Syme,

or any five of them (of which the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover,

and Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, or any two of them, or the Survivor of them, shall be three,

two, or one, as the Cafe may happen), shall be upon Parchment or Paper, with a Stamp of two Shillings

and Sixpence; and shall be assignable by indorsement upon the original Bond without Stamps, to any

Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Bond or Bonds may, in Tike Manner, be again assignable by

indorsement, without Stamps, as aforesaid, and so toties quoties, as often as Occasion shall be or require:

And that such Indorsee or Indorsees of such Bond or Bonds shall and may, and they are hereby impow-

ered to bring any Atftion or Actions, Suit or Suits, at Law or in Equity, in his, her, or their Name or

Names, against the Persons so giving such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, or any of them, their or any of

their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any other of the said Copartners of the said Copartnership,

their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the recovering and receiving the several

Sums of Money for which such Bond or Bonds shall be so given, and the Interest respectively due for the

fame, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as though the said Bond or Bonds had been

originally given and entered into to such Indorsee or Indorsees.

lv. Provided always. That the said Bonds shall not be negotiable or transferable by indorsement after

the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this A& contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to aff*e£t

any Questions or Disputes that have arisen, or may arise, between the different Partners of the said Com-

pany, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Bonds of fifty Pounds

each, or upwards, shall, notwithstanding the heritable Bonds, and real Security to be given in Trust, as

aforesaid, be considered, and taken and held to be personal or moveable Estates, and shall belong to the

Executor or Administrator or personal Representative, and not to the Heir of the Creditor, and may be

dispoted of or transmitted to any Person or Persons, by Deed or Will, in such and the same Manner as

any other personal Estate is difpufed of or transmitted in Scotland or England; any Law, Custom, or Usage,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this A& shall be deemed,

taken, and allowed, in all Courts within England or Scotland, to be a Publick A&; and shall be judicially

taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juiliccs, and other Persons, without spectally pleading the same*

CAP.

