A.D. 1776. Anno decimo {exto Georgii III. C. 6i« 629

Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage

in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Summons, Order, Determination, Judg» Writingstobe

iftent. Decree, Warranty Contract, Conveyance, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing or Proceeding without Stamp#,

whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justic* of the Peace, or of the said

Trustees, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Transfer or other Writ-

ing whatsoever relative to the Execution of this Act, shall be charge 1 or chargeable with any Stamp-duty

whatsoever; and that no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or va-

cated for Want of Form only.

LXVI. Provided always, That any Person or Persons thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved by Persons afgffe?-

any Order or Judgment made or given by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, e<jimyappe»i to-

or of any of the said Rules or.Bve-laws, may, within fix Crdendar Months next after such Order shall e~

have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions to be held

in and for the said Counties of CJje/ber or Flint, or for the County of the City of Chester respectively,

where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere, who shall hear and determine the said Com-

plaint at such General Quarter Sessions; or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or City respectively; and,

if they fee Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order Money to be returned which shall

have been levied in pursuance of such Rules, Bye-laws, Orders, or Determinations, or any of them ;

and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge rea-

sonable.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be LImkattoa of

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every Action*.

such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl com-

mitted, or, in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within three Calendar Months next

after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought

in the County or City where the Matter or Matters in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and shall

not be removed by Certiorari^ or any other Writ or Process whatsoever; and the Defendant or Defend-

ants, in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi- GeneralIffuc^

dence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Autho-

rity of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be

brought after the Time so limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any County or Place other-

wife than as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defendant%or Defendants; or if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or

Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may beintitled to Treble Costs of Suit, and Treble Cofl?-.

shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of

Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Rights of the

in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to take away, change, alter, or «?r^lat,0fn °j\

lessen, any Jurisdiction, Right, or Power, of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester not par-’ c rccrve

ticularly affected by this Act*; but that the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester shall and may, at

all Times hereafter, be at Liberty to have, use, exercise, and enjoy, all such Powers, Rights, and Pri-

vileges, not particularly affected by this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents-and Purposes, as-

they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Rjghtsof th» -

tained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alter, defeat, or obstrudl, any of the Powers Rlver^'vCJm^

given to the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of P*nyr rve *

the River Deey by the several Acts of Parliament for making the said River navigable; but that the said

Company and their Successors, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, Officers, and Servants, may at all

Times hereafter be at Liberty to have, use, exercise, and enjoy, all such Powers, Rights, and Privileges,

in as full and ample Manner as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made; any /

Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend to take away, alter, lessen* change, or in* Tfcit A*Hiot t*

trude < pon, any of the Jurisdictions or Powers of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of Liver- ask^thcRJghw*

pool for the Time being, the Trustees for the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool, and for the erecting and £0

maintaining of the Lighthouses, Landmarks, and Buoys, erected and placed in and for the Port of Liver- ^P010 r

pool; nor for the licensing or managing of the Pilots or Pil6tage acting or failing in or out of the said Port 5

nor of the Rights or Estates of or belonging to the Mayor, Bailiff', or Burgesses, of the Borough and Cor-

poration of Liverpool, orof any Part thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwithstanding.

LXXI. Saving and reserving always to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccciTors, and to all Lords and La- General Siting

dies of Manors, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and other Person end Persons, all their and every of their of Right?.

Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges, Powers, Estates, and Interests whatsoever, except such as are meant

and intended to be affected, altered, or taken away, by this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Public public A£te

Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, arc hereby required take Notice thereof as such, ,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

