39® C. 64. Anno decuno quinto Georgii III.\ A.D. 1775.

Penalty on ta-

king gicater

Feci.

Clerk* and Ser-

jeant a may be

displaced, on

Wifbcheviour.

No Commis-

fioner, Ac, to

aft where he is

interested.

Penalty on Per-

rons irtfiiliing

the Ourt, or

obstructing the

Officers.

Copy of prece-

ding Clause to

be rtuck up in

the Court-

houses.

Gaolers, Ac. to

receive Per Ions

committed.

Penalty on Rc-

fufal, or permit-

ting an fcicape.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of

the said Court for the Time being shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than what are

herein before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of so ry Shillings, nor leis than ten Shil-

lings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more or them, shall afleis and impo'e; to be applied

to the Use of the Poor of the Town or Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Clerks or Ser-

jeants shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fen

than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Com-

plaint, and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are

hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Act-

vercifement to be inserted in fomc publick Newspaper, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the

Commissioners then present, not being leis than eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider

the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them,

that any of the Clerks or Serjeants have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty, as aforesaid,

in his Office, ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then

assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint

a (it and proper Person to execute the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of imn so

dismissed and removed as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said

Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such

Person shall not be capable erf acting as Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or

making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein; but, after being heard in the said Cause, shall with-

draw from the said Court, until the fame is 'finally determined: And if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said

Court for the Time being shall be a Party to or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such

Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto ;

but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute

and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things re-

lative to such Cause.

4 XXIII. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the

said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may

be invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse,* be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, iofult, or abuse, all or

any of the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers, of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting

in the said Court, or in going ro or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said

Court, or at any Time mall affront, insult or abuse, hinder or obstrud, or attempt or threaten to hinder

or obstrud, any of the Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Of-

fices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or rpore of them then fit-

ting, x>r if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in or near the Town where such Insult or Mif-

demeanor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his or

‘their Deputy or Deputies, direding such Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons

To offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before one or more of his Majesty’s Just ice or Jus-

tices ‘of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln \ and upon the Fad alleged being

proved by’the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is and are

hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid by Fine, not

exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, norlefs than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the

Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be

paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be applied: And if

the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals*

to cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or

Persons so offending as aforesaid to some common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Li*r*

coin, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding thtee Months, or until he, she, or they* shall

.pay the said Fine.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective

Clerks of the said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed or (luck up, in some publick Part of each of the said

Court-houses, or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the Jaft preceding

Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the Time

being of the respective Common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, within the said County -of Lincoln* shall

and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into their Custody respectively,

all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or

more of the said Commissioners preferrt in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution,

or other Process i(Tiling out of the said Court of Rcquests: And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or

Houses of Correction respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse-to receive and take into his or

their Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the

Time for which any Person or Persons shall he so committed to his ior their Custndy, shall discharge such

Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant,

Order, or Authority for that Purpose, in W riling, signed in Court by shne or more of the said Cotsmif-

sioners;

C.

