364

Trustees to dif-

qualify four of -

their Number

annually, and to

cleft four others.

Lift of Ttuftee*

to be delivered to

the Magiftr ;te«,

Ac. of Glasgow,

and Bailiirg to

be elected, an-

nually.

No disqualified

Tru ee to be rc-

elected within

3 Years after.

Qualifications of

Electors,

and of Bailliet.

Penalty on Truf-

tees refuting to

aft not to ex-

ceed 2 I.

and on Bailliet

not exceeding 5I.

Baillie’, Ac. im-

powered to con-

tract for Ground,

Ac. for building

Warehouse9,&c.

and for the bring-

ing fresh Water

to Port Glasgow

and Newark.

If Bailliet, Ac.

and Owners of

Water, Ac. can-

not agree oa

Terms of Pur-

chafe, Applica-

tion to be made

to the Sheiill-

depute ot Ren-

flew.

C. 60. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.- A.D. 1775.

after the Expiration of {be said three Days, at twelve of the Clock at. Noon, and there elect and make

Choice of one of the said twelve Trustees to be the youngest Baillie for one Year, in and over the said

Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and whole Inhabitants thereof; to whom the said Baillies, or either

of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to administer Justice, and to exercise all the

Power and Authority by the Laws of Scotland committed to the Baillies of a Burgh or Barony.

III. And be it further $na£led by the Authority aforesaid, T hat it shall and may be lawful to the said

Baillies and Trustees, to be chosen and elected as aforesaid, or any seven of them, to meet and convene

in the said Council Chamber of Port Glasgow^ or in such other Place in the said Towns of Port Glasgow

and Newark, or either of them, as they shall appoint, upon the last Turf'd ay in the Month of September

yearly, after the Month of September next, and there, by Plurality of Votes, to disqualily four of their

Number from being Trustees, and to elect and make choice of four of the Fewars of the said Towns of

Port Glasgow and Newark to supply the vacant Places of the said four Trustees to be disqualified as afore-

said; and such Lift of the said thirteen Trustees shall be annually delivered to the Magistrates and Coun-

oil of Glasgow, within three Days after the said Election, and the cldcft and youngest Baillies of the said

Towns {hall be annually chosen in such Manner as ia herein-before directed, touching the Choice of

Baiflies, in the Month of September next immediately after the passing of this Act; and that the said four

Persons so to be elected and chosen, shall, with the Baillies and other Trustees, from Time to Time, be

and continue Trustees for one Year, and until the last Tuesday of Scpte?nber immediately following.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That none of the said four Trustees to be disqualified annually as afore-

said, {hall be re-elected and chosen as Trustees, until after the Expiration of full three Years from the re-

spective Times of their being disqualified, as above mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fewar in the Towns

of Pert Glasgow and Newark {hall be intitled to vote in the Election of the aforesaid thirteen Trustees*

unless he be possessed of and stand infeft in a Property in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark*

or either of them, of the yearly Value of five Pounds Sterling of free Rent; and that no Person {hall

be voted or elected as a Baillie or Trustee, unless he be possessed of a Property in the said Towns, or

either of them, in which he {hall stand infeft of the yearly Value of ten Pounds Sterling of free Rent;,

and in case any of the Fcwars of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark shall be elected Trustees

as aforesaid, and {hall refuse or neglect to accept of that Office, every Person so refusing or neglecting

{hall, by the Baillies for the Time betoig, or any one of them, be fined in a Sum of Money not exceeding

two Pounds Sterling; and any of the said Trustees, who shall be elected and chosen to serve as a Baillie as

aforesaid, that {hall refuse or neglect to accept of that Office, and discharge the Duties thereof, {hall for-

feit a Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned \ and it

{hall be lawful for the said Baillies and Trustees, or any seven of them, to meet and convene, and elect

and make choice of a new Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees, in the Room and Place of the Baillie

or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees, refusing to accept of the respective Offices aforesaid, and {hall also meet

and convene in like Manner to make Choice of a Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees, in the Room of

such as {hall die during the Time of their being such Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Baillies

and Trustees, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, and they

are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with the Owners or Proprietors of any Ware-

houses, Cellars, Sheds, and other Erections, for the Accommodation of Trade, and with the Owners or

Proprietors of any Ground that {hall be thought necefi'ary to be purchased for the Purpose of building

Warehouses, Cellars, Sheds, and other publick Works within the Bounds and Limits of the said two

Towns of Port Glasgovj and Newark; and also with the Owners of any Springs or Fountains within one

Statute measured Mile of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and with such other Person or

Persons they shall judge proper, for the Liberty of collecting, receiving, and conveying the said Springs'

and Fountains for supplying the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Port Gtafgcw and Newark with freth

Water, and for the laying down Pipes and other Conductors for conveying the said Water, and building

Cisterns and Rcfcrvoirs for collecting and receiving the fame; and that the said Baillies and Trustees, or

any seven or more of them, {hall pay such Rates or Consideration for the fume as shall be agreed upon

between them and the Owners and Proprietors of such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, either by ab-

solute Purchase, or by Payment of a certain annual Sum for the Use of the fame, and as shall be agreed

upon with the aforesaid other Person or Persons for undertaking, doing, and performing the several W orks

before mentioned; and that the faiJ B:\ilhes and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, are hereby au-

thorifed and impowered to convey such Wafer into the said Towns of Port Gltfgow and Newark by Pipes,

to be laid in and through the Grounds lying between such Springs and Fountiins as aforesaid and the said

Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark and the Ciilernsor Rcfcrvoirs built or to he built thereon.

4 Vi(. And whereas it may happen that feme of the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Springs

and Fountains as aforesaid, and of the Lands through which it may he i.cceflary to convey the Water'

4 from the said Springs and Fountains, and to lay down Pipes and other Conductors for that Purpose, may,

4 not agree with the said Baillies and Trustees for the Purchase of the said Water, and for the Privi-

4 lege of laying such Pipes, or creating other Works on their respective Lands or Grounds; or may,

4 through Infancy, Minority, Defect of the Tiile Deeds, Incumbrances, Debts, or other Disabilities or

- 4 causes be disabled to grant valid and effectual Conveyances of the Premises in favour of the said Baillies

and Trustees, and their Successors in Office;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

in all and every of the Cafes herein immediately before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for#

the Baillies and Trustees aforesaid, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, and

they are hereby authorised and impowered to apply to the Sherifr-depute of the County of Renfrew* who,

upon such Application, shall and he is hereby impowered and required to order a Violation and Inspec-

tioa

