132

so export the

famr,

on Comphint of

Witncflls,

Justices.mty

grant Warrants

to feiae them,

and the Person ;

and if nrt able

to give a fatit*

factory Account

of the Use of

such Uiends,

Jnflicei, for

vant of proper

Security, may

commit the Of-

fender :

And in caf% such

Pertbo be con*

dieted at any

Afliac, &c. he

shall lofeall such

UtendiSjand for-

feit zqo!.

One Moiety of

Forfeiture* to go

to his Majesty,

and the other to

the Prosecutor.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I floe.

Treble Cofti.

Preamble*

AH 7 Gto, i.

No higher Duty

than 3d. for

’ every Yard in

C. 72. . Anno decimo quarto Georgii IIL A. D. 1774.

failures of this Kingdom, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, and Complaint shall be made upon the Oath of

one or more credible YVitnefs or Witnesses before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that tbeie is reason

to believe such Person or Persons have or hath collected, obtained, or got into his, her, or their Custody

or Possession, such "Pools or Implements as aforesaid, or Parts or Parcels thereof, with Intent to export the

fame to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Justice or Tuftices of the Peace, unto whom such Complaint shall be made, to issue

his Warrant or Warrants, not only to seize all such Tools or Implements, and Parts or Parcels thereof,

but also to brine the Person and Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his Majesty’s

Justices of the reace for the same County, Riding, Division, or City; and if, when such Person or Per-

fons shall be so brought before fuchTuftice or Justices, he, (he, or they, shall not give such an Account of

the Use or Pucpofe to which such Tools or Utensils, of Part* or Parcels thereof, are intended to be appro-

priated, as shall be satisfaflory to the Tuftrce or Justices before whom he, (he, or they, shall be brought as

aforesaid, then, and in such Cafe, it (nail and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, not only

to cause all such Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, which shall have been seized as aforesaid, to

be detained, but also to bind the Person or Persons so charged to appear at the next Assizes, General Gaol

Delivery, or Quarter Selftons of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, or Division, where, such Offence

shall be committed, with reasonable.Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person of

Persons (hall-refuse or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to

and for such Justice and Justices to commit the Person or Persons so refusing to the County Gaol, there to

be kept until the next Assizes, or next Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Riding, or Division, where

such Commitment shall be, at the Election of such Justice of the Peace, and until he, (he, or they, shall

be delivered by due Course of Law : And in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted upon any

Indictment or Information against him, her, or them, at such Assize or General Gaol Delivery, or Quar-

ter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, of collecting, obtaining, or getting into his, her, or their Custody or

Possession, such Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, with such Intent as aforesaid ; then, and in

such Cafe, the Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit and lose all

such Tools and Utensils, and Parts and Parcels thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, but also the

Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to be recovered by A<Stion of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Seflkm

in Scotland\ or in any of the four Courts fct Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege,

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That one Moiety of the respective Forfeitures

by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against the fame, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use

of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall

file and prosecute for the fame respectrvely.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Suit or Action shall be com*

menced against any Person, for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be commenced

within six Months after the FadI committed ; and the Person* so sued, may file common Bail, or enter a

common Appearance, and plead the General Issue, Not Guilty; and may give this Act, and the Special

Matter, in F* idence ; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or

if a Verdict pass against him or her, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, the

Defendant shall recover Treble Costs.

CAP* LXXII.

An Act for ascertaining the T5uty on printed, painted, stained, or died Stuffs, wholly made

of Cotton, and qianufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof*

under certain Regulations.

WHEREAS a ne\V*Manufacture of Stuffs, wholly made of Raw Cotton Wool (ehrefly imported

from the British Plantations), hath been lately set up within this Kingdom, in which Manufac-

4 ture many Hundreds of poor Persons are employed : And whereas the Use and Wear of printed, painted,

4 stained, or dyed Stufts, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, ought to be allowed

4 under proper Regulations: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said new-manufactured Stuffs

4 ought to be confideied as Callicoes, and as such, if printed, painted, stained, or dyed with any Colour

* or Colours (such as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only excepted), liable to the Inland or Excite

4 Duties laift on Callicoes, when printed, painted, stained, or dyed, with any Colour or Colours (except

4 as aforesaid), by the Statutes made, and now in Force, concerning the fame ; and whether the Wearing

4 or Use of the said new-rnanufadlurcd Stuffs, when the fame are primed, painted, stained, or dyed, ate

4 not prohibited by an Atft, passed in the seventh-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 First, in titled. An At1 to prferve and encourage the tVcoUvn and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for

4 mere effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the life and IFear of all printed. Tainted, stained, or dyed Cat-

4 licoes, in Apparel, Houshold Stuff, Furniture, or olhefwife, after the twenty- ffib Day of December, one

4 thousand fcveii hundred and twenty-two (except as therein is excepted) :* For obviating all such Doubts for

the future, may it please your most Excellent Majesty'that it may be enabled ; and he it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tho Advice’and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of she fame. That no greater or

higher Duty than Three-pence for every Yard in Length,- reckoning Yard wide, and after that Rate for a

greater or Idler Quantity, shall be imposed, raised, levied, collected, or paid, uinto and for the Use of his

Majesty,

