*8q

Prorjfo.

Pariftiioners

may be Wit»

nejfcs.

Limitation of

AO ions for

Penalties.

Limitation of

AOions agiinft

Persont aOing

under the AO.

Central liTue.

Repealing for-

mer AOs so far

as respeOs

Party-walls,

regulating of

Buildings, pre-

venting Mif-

Chiefa by Fire,

See.

79 Cat. a. c. 3*

6 Ann*,c, 31.

7 Annas, c. *7.

21 Ceo. 7. c. 18.

33 Geo. ».c. 30.

4 Geo. 3. c. 14.

6 Ceo. 3. c.27.

Ca

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

proper 5 and the Order, Judgment, and Determination of the said Justices, In their respective Sertlons,

{hall be binding and conclusive to all Parties.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or.

Persons so intending to appeal shall, immediately after such Conviction, Commitment, Distress, Order,

or Judgment, or wi'm-n two Days afterwards. enter into a Recognizance to the Party or Parties appealed

against, beforeTucn Juittce or Justices of trie Peace, with two lufftclent Securities, conditioned to try.

such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay, to the Party or Parties appealed against, such C6fts

(if any) as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by the Sessions respectively*

XCvIII, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parishioners and Inhabitants

of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, where any Offence against this Act shall be committed, shall be allowed

to be competent Witnesses, on the Trial or otherwise, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of the said Courts of Record, or at or upon the Hearing and Determination of any Information be-

fore the Mayor of London, or other Justice of the Peace, for or concerning any Offence or Offences against

this present Act; notwithstanding his, her, or their being a Parishioner or Parishioners, Inhabitant or

Inhabitants, in such Parish, Precinct, or Place.

XQIX. Provided always, That no Action or Prosecution stall be brought or commenced against any

Person or Persons for any Penalty or Forfeiture infiifted or incurred determined by this Act, unless the fame shall

be commenced within six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days after

Notice, in Writing, of an Intention to bring such Action or Suit, has been given to the Person or persons

against whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, norafter the Expiration of three Calendar Months

next after the Fast committed ; and every such Action or Suit, the Cause whereof shall arise within the

said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the said City of London, and not

elsewhere ; and every such Action or Suit, the Cause whereof shall arise in any Part of the Limits afore-

said out of the said City of London and Liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex,

and not elsewhere; ana the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General

lftue, : nd give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon,

and that the Matter or Thing, for which such Action or Suit is brought, was done in pursuance and by

the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing appear to have been so done, or if it appear

that such Action or Suit was brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Days after such Notice given

ap aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered before such Action was brought; or if any

such Action or Suit be not commenced within the Time herein for that Purpose limited, or be laid in

any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury, in every such Action or Suit, shall find for

the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and if a Verdict be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Action or Suit, become nonsuited, or discontinue, or suffer a Dif*

continuance, of any such Action or Suit; or if, in any such Action or Suit, Judgment be given for the

Defendant or Defendants therein, on Demurrer, or by Default, or otherwise ; then, and in any of the

Cafes aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Judgment to recover Treble Costs of Suir, and

shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for Costs in ;

other Cafes by Law.

CL And be it further enacted. That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thou-

sand seven hundred and fevemy-four, the said Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party walls within the Cities of London

and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places in the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chel-

sea, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, '

Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Placet; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into one

Act, and for other Purposes) ; {hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed 3 but nevertheless, so much of

an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for rebuilding the City of London as relates to the regulating Buildings and Party-walls ; and an

Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the better

preventing Mif chiefs that may happen by Fire) ; al so an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her

said late Majesty (intituled, An Act for making more effectual an At7, made in the sixth Tear of her Majestys

Reign, for the better preventing of Mijchiefs that may happen by Fire) ; also so much of an Act*made in the

eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the First (intituled, An Act for the better regu- ’

la ting of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bill of Mortality9

and other Places therein mentioned), as relates to regulating Buildings and Party-walls ; also so much of an

Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled,'

An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof,

and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned), as

relates to the regulating of Buildings and rarty-walls, and preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire;

also so much of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act

for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of Buildings and Party-walls,

and preventing Mischiefs happening by Fire; also so much of an Act made in the sixth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual the Powers of an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets,

Lanes, and Partages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new

Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned), as relates.to the regu-

lating ‘

