A.D. 1776.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 30.

5i 7

Kad been in Force at the Time of such first Conviction, and as if such Conviction had been made under the

Provisions of this Act.

4 III. And, to the Intent that the Prosecution of Persons who shall offend a second Time in Manner

4 aforesaid, may be carried on with as little Expence and Trouble as is possible,’ be it further enacted.

That the Justice before whom any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be convicted for the

first Time of any of the Offences before described, shall transmit such Conviction, underhis Hand and Seal,

to the Quarter Session which next after such Conviction shall be holden for the County, Riding, Division,

City, Town, or Place, wherein such first Offence shall be committed, there to be filed by the Clerk of the

Peace, and to be kept amongst the Records of the Peace; and such Conviction so filed, or a true Copy

thereof certified and subscribed by such Clerk of the Peace, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove the Con-

viftion of such first Offence as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint

made to him on Oath by any credible Person, that there is Reason to suspect any Person or Persons of

having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in any Dwelling-house, Out-house, Yard, Garden,

or Place, any Red or Fallow Deer, which shall have been unlawfully killed, or the Head, Skin, or other

Part thereof, or any Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, for the unlawful taking of Deer, by

Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Person and Persons, and such Dwelling-house, Out-

house, Garden, or Place, to be searched y and if any Red or Fallow Deer, suspected to have been un-

lawfully killed, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, or any Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other

Engine, suspected to be used for the unlawful taking or killing of Deer, shall be found in his, her, or their

Custody or Possession, or in such Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or Place, to cause the fame and

such Person or Persons so having Possession, or in whose Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or other

Place, the fame shall be found, to be brought before any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction ; and if

such Person or Persons shall not produce before such Justice the Party of whom he, (he, or they received

the fame, or satisfy such Justice that he, (he, or they came lawfully by such Deer, or the Head, Skin,

*>r other Part thereof, or had a lawful Occasion for such Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, or

did not keep the fame for any unlawful Purpose, then every such Person shall forfeit any Sum not exceed-

ing thirty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice.

V. And be it further enacted. That if any Red or Fallow Deer, suspected to have been unlawfully

killed, or the Head, Skin, or other Part of such Deer, shall, on a Search under a Warrant from any Juf-

tice of the Peace, be found in the Possession or Custody of any Person or Persons, or in any Dwelling-

house, Outhouse, Garden, or other Place, or shall be proved to have been in the Possession, House,

Outhouse, Garden, or Place, of any Person or Persons who may be justly suspected to have come difho-

neftly or unlawfully by the fame as aforesaid ; and such Person or Persons so in Possession, or the Owner

or Occupier of such Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or other Place, shall not, under the Provisions

aforesaid, be liable to Conviction ; then, and in every such Cafe, for the Discovery of the Party or Parties

who actually killed or stole such Deer, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace hav-

ing Jurisdiction, as the Evidence given and the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, to summon before

him, at his Discretion, every Person through whose Hands such Deer, or the Head, Skin, or other Part

thereof so found, shall appear to have pafl'ed ; and if the Person and Persons from whom such Deer, or

the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, shall appear to have been first received, or who having had Possef-

fior. thereof, shall not give Proof, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he, (he, or they came lawfully

•by the fame, such Person or Persons shall, on every Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

thirty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear, on the Oath of a credible Witness, that

any Person or Persons hath or have had in his, her, or their Possession, House, Outhouse, Garden, or

Place, any Red or Fallow Deer, or the Skin, Head, or Other Part thereof, and shall be reasonably fuf-

(pefted to have come dishonestly or unlawfully thereby, then, and in every such Cafe, every such Person

or Persons, and all other Persons through whose Hands the fame shall appear to have passed under the like

Suspicion, shall and may be proceeded against in like Manner and Form, and on Conviction shall be sub-

jest and liable to the fame Penalty or Penalties, as if such Deer, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof,

had been found in the Possession, House, Outhouse, Garden, or Place, of such Person or Persons, upon-

a Search made under and by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Persons shall set, lay, or use, any Net, Wire,

Slip, Noose, Toyle, or other Engine, for the Purpose of taking or killing Deer, within or upon any

Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, or in the Ring or outer Fence or Bank dividing the fame from

the adjoining Lands; or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or Ground, where Deer are, have been^

-or shall be usually kept, such Person or Persons, not being the Owner of such Forest, Chace, Purlieu, an-

cient Walk, Park, Paddock, Wood, or Ground, or intruded with the Care of the Deer within the same,

and shall be convicted of any of such Offences, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay, for the first;

Offence, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds ; and if afterwards conv-ifted of

any of the Offences last mentioned, shall, on every Conviction after the first, forfeit and pay any Sum not

exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds ; which said respective Forfeitures shall be set at the

Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of such*

first or further Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time wilfully pull down or

destroy, or cause to be wilfully pulled down or destroyed, the Pale or Pales, or any Part of the Walls of

any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock, Wood, or other Ground, where any Red or

Fallow Deer shall be then kept, without the Conlent of the Owner or Person chiefly intruded with the

Custody

How Justices to

proceed on Coo-

? ill ion of Of-

fender*

Justices may

grsnt Warrant*

to search fu-

spefted Houses,

See. for Heads

and Skint of

Deer, Sec.

Penalty on Per-

fons in whose

Custody any such

/hall be found,

&c.

In case the said

Persons cannot

be conv sted,

how Justices ar*

to proceed.

Su spefted Per-

fons haring Fair-

low Deer, See,

in their Poflef-

fion, how to bf

proceeded

agzinft.

Penalty on Per--

fons letting Net*,

Wire?, See. for

taking Deer, io-

any Forest,

Chace, &Cv

Penalty on Pciv-

fons pulling

dn*n Pal*s, or

Walls, ire. of-

any Fo-eft,

p.uk,Ac-

