5l 2

Qnslification of

CcjnmissioncTi.

Amy Person aid-

ing, not quali-

fied, to forfeit

£0 1.

Comtaiffionen

» give 14 Day*

Notice of their

Meetings*

Commissioner*

to be fWonu

Their Oath*

Commissioneit

may act aa Jus-

tice*.

No Commission-

er to act at such

while he pof-

fetfea any Place

of Profit, &c.

Fite Commis-

fionert, on Re*

qoeft of Pro-

prietors, Ac.

may appoint a

General Meet-

ing of Com mi f-

hooen.

C. 28, Anno decimosexto Georgii III. A. D. 1776.

herein after mentioned) {hall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as if appointed by

this Act, or under the Authority of Commissioners as aforesaid.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall act a9 a Commissioner is

any Cafe where he shall be any-ways interested or concerned in the Matter in question; nor shall any

Commissioner ad in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be seised in his own Right, or in the Right

of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee or Mortgagees, at the Time of such his Acting, of an Estate of

Freehold or Copyhold, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of one hundred

Pounds, or unless he shall be eldest Son or Heir-apparent of a Peer, or of a Person qualified to serve in

Parliament as a Knight of the Shire; and if any Person, by this Act made incapable to act as a Commis-

fioner, shall nevertheless presume to act as such in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same, to be reco-

vered, with full Coils of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

minster, in which Action no Eflfoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance;

shall be allowed; and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise

pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor*

than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

Cl. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That no Meeting whatever of the said Com*

missioners shall at any Time or Times be had for putting this Act in Execution, unless previous Notice

thereof shall be first given and inserted in the Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers, or in such other

Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall, at any General Meetings

direct or appoint, at lead fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every such Notice shall specify

the Time and Place of such Meeting or Meetings respectively, and the several Matters and Things then

and there proposed to be done ; and that every Meeting of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act,

shall be public; and that the Majority of the said Commissioners present at every such Meeting, (such

Majority not being less than three) shall have Power and Authority to execute the Powers hereby veiled

in the said Commissioners; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CII. Provided always. That no rerfon shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act,

(otherwise than in administering the followingOath) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath

ollowing before any one or more of the said Commissioners, who is and are hereby authorised and imi*

powered to administer the fame; videlicet,

c T A. B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, ao

4 A cording to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge*execute and perform the Powers and Authorities verted

c in me as a Commissioner, by an Act of Parliament made in the nxteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty

c King George the Third, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stour-

c bridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton*

* in the County of Stafford ; and also two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet-

* chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordefiey-brook with the River Stour;

4 and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut±

4 at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingfwinford, in the said County ^Stafford.’

CIII. And be it further enadeck That such of the said Commissioners who are in the Commission of

the Peace for the Counties of Stafford or Worcester^ shall and may, and are hereby impowered to act as

Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners.

CIV. Provided always, That if any Person appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner by virtue of

this Act, shall have or accept any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates or Dues to be cdlleded by virtue

of this Act, such Person, from and after his Acceptance of such Place of Profit, and during the Time of

his holding and enjoying the fame, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor of the said Navigation,

or concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made for the Purposes of this Act,

shall be incapable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

CV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That upon Application to be made by the

said Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any five or more of them, or by the Owners or Occu-

piers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be affected by the faiJ intended Canal

and collateral Cuts, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto the Commissioners appointed

by and for the Purposes of this Act, or any five or more of them, requesting or desiring them to appoint a

General Meeting of the said Commissioners; the Commissioners so requested or applied to, or any five or

more of them, may and shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, within fourteen Days

after such Request or Application made, to give Notice in Manner aforesaid of a Gener.il Meeting to be

held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice; such Time not being less than fourteen

Days, nor more than twenty-one Days, from the Day on which such Request shall be made to them as

aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to assemble at the Time and

Place so to be appointed, in order to put this present Act, and the rowers and Authorities hereby given

to and verted in them, in Execution, and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at such

Time and Place as the said Commissioners there act’embled, or any five or more of them, shall think proper

and convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Num-

ber of Commissioners to ad, and to adjourn to any other Time, then, and in such Cafe, the Clerk to the

said Commissioners shall and may, by public Notice to be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the said

Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed

to be held, on that Day Fortnight next after the Day on which the last Meeting was appointed to

be held.

CVI. Pro-

4

