44-4

Cud further

continued uf til

lM»rcb*4,177*

Prroible.

Ait j Geo, III.

recited.

f»ir*!if r con-

tinued until

M.rch 15,1779.

Preamble,

Subfcr’brn iv

corporated.

Their Kame,

and lowers.

I)ire£>ors *p-

pointed j

*ho fnir alter

the Coiraaoa

Seal, Sc Cm

C. 12, 13. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 177

11 Payment of the Army and their Quarters;” and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty*s

4 Marine Forces in America j which Act was to continue and be in Force in all his Majesty’* Dominions

in America, from the twenty-fourth Day of Marchy in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-,

4 five, until the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven: And

4 whereas it has been found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a further Term ;’ may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act shall be, and the fame

is hereby continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Marchy in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven

hundred and seventy* eight.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, for a further, Time, an Act, made in the seventh Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to di/continue, for a limited Tintey the Duties payable upon

the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lardy and Grease.

II THEREAS an Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jetty (intituled, An Act to discontinue, fora limited Time, the Duties payable upon the importation of

Tallowy Hogs lard9 and Grease): And whereas by two Acts, made in the tenth and thirteenth Years oif

4 his present Majesty’3 Reign, the said Act had been continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one

4 thousand seven hundred and seventy-six: And whereas the allowing the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-

4 lard, and Grease, for a further Time, Duty free, may be of great Advantage / may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice -and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act of the seventh Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, Matters

and Things therein contained, shall be further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-

iifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal

in Drury lane, applicable to charitable Ufcs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4 117 HEREAS in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, a Contribution was

begun at the Theatre Royal in Drury-lanty towards the charitable Purpose of establishing a Fund,

4 for the Support of such Performers belonging to the said Tfteatre a«, through Age, Infirmity, or Acci-

4 dent, should be obliged to retire from the Stage; the Managers of which Charity have since extended

the fame to the occasional Relief of Performers in case of Sickness, and also to the Relief and Support of

the Widows and Children of deceased Performers belonging to the said Theatre: And whereas by the

4 Profits arising from several Plays, acted for the Benefit of the said Charity, and the voluntary Contribu-

\ tions of the Performers belonging to the said Company, and other Persons, a Fund, to the Amount of

4 Four Thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, is now in the Hands of certain Trustees applicable to the Pur-

4 poses aforesaid: To the End therefore that the Money contributed as aforesaid, or which may hereafter

4 be contributed towards increasing the said Fund, may be applied to the Purposes aforesaid, and to

4 prevent, as far as may be, any Mi fa p plication or Embezzlement thereof,’ may it please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fam-. That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Sub-

scribers to the said Fund for the l ime being, during such Time as he, (he, and they, respectively shall pay

to the fame, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, one Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in

Name, and shall be called by the Name of The Society established for the Relief of indigent Persons belonging

to his Majesty's Company of Comedians of the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane: And by the fame Name they

(hi.ll have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal; and that they, and their Successors, by the fame

Name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in all or any Court

or Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature, within this Kingdom of Great Britain; and that they, and

their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy,

pofl'efs, and retain, for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as have been

paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devised, or

bequeathed, to and for the finds and Purposes herein before mentioned; and that they, and their Successors,

by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase,

take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly

Value of five hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Thomas Kingy John Packer,

John Moody, James Aicken, Jam's William Dodd, Robert BaddeLjy Francis Waldron, Richard Hurjl\ Wil-

liam Brereton, James Wrighten% William Parsons, John Palmer, and Willi am Daviesy shall be, and they are

hereby appointed, Directors for managing the said Fund, until the Fifth Day of April, which shall be in

the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and (eventy-seven: And that the said Directors, and

their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, or the Majority of such Directors for the

Time

boogie

