A.D. 1776* Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 3 9.

4 XXIII. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisoni in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is

€ held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers them (elves, or know

# any thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers

* or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons be it therefore enacted. That, in every such Cafe, the Person

Who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison,

at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such

Gaol or Prison, at any General Quarter Sections of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the

principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper

nimfeif), shall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such

Gaol or Prison.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter Sef-

lion of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner (nail be brought ip pursuance of this

A£1, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose

his or her Difchirge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of

Uny such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act^

an Oath to the following Effect ; (that is to say,}

^ T / B. do (wear,. That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in

* A the Prison of to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Twenty-

* second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six ; and that the Copy or Copies of

* the causeor causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the

* said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause

* or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person

* whatsoever, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.’

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison,

on the said twenty-second Day of January one thoufafnd seven hundred and seventy-six, or fiace, shall

not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the

Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such Sef-

fion, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective

Person or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or

Prison, and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid, al any such General or Quarter Section, or any Adjourn-

ment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison, to

the Effect following; (that is to say,)

*T A. B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com-

* mitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division,

4 City, Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Cafe shall be\ 5 and that I do verily

* believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor

* calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the

€ twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, really and truly a Prisoner

4 in the aCtual Custody of # the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler

* or Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons, to my.

* Knowledge and Belief.

* So help me GOD/

565

The afling

Gaoler, at the

Time of deliver-

ing the Lilts,

only liable to be

sworn.

Court, on Re-

quiOtion of a

Creditor, to ad-

imniiler anOath

to the Gaoler.

The O&tfcJ

If fheh Petfoni'

shall not have

been Gaoler on

Jan. 12, 1776,

then he shall

ti k.e the follow*?

ing

Oatfija

€ XXV. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol

* Books,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Coart, at tfeo

Section of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor

or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, anyv tt!*

Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or person who aft-

Prison within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven edasG^oleron

hundred and seventy-six, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Jan- * *7

Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, ®r^\ce*

as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Section, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And if o^olth

any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such sheriff o’r Gj>1~

Justices, at any Section of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed and re- er, difobe>:r>g

quired by Warrant of any Juftrce or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose; Order of Cotrf,

or if any Gaoler or Keeper attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall ^j/hTreoi-0^

be reasonably required at such General or Quarter Section, or any Adjournment thereof, he, (he, or they, rCDU

so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds ;

to be recovered, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Party injured, by Action of Debt, to be

brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcJiminJier, together with Treble

Gofts of Suit

• XXVI. And whereas a great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures

c of this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to fathfy the

f Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Em-

* ployments and Native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their

? Continuance abroad mull be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom 5. in order therefore to

4 ‘induce

\

