The TITLES of the STATUTES.

39. An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to administer

Oaths where any Penalty is to beTevied, or Distress to

be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, where-

in the fame is not expressly directed.

40. An Act for amending and explaining an Act, passed

in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the

Charge^ of the Administration of Just ice, and Support of

the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in

America.

41. An Act for redeeming the Sum of one Million of the

Capital Stocks of three rounds per Centum Annuities, in

the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and

for establifhiDg a Lottery.

42. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament.

43. An Act for Lighting and Watching the Hamlet of

High gate in the County of Middlesex.

44. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of

an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his

Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills,

and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the

Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

as obliges the fuJ Company to export annually Goods

and Merchandises of the Growth, Product, or Manu-

facture of Great Britain to their Settlements in the East

Indies to a certain Value.

An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements

necessary for his Majesty’s Forces, paid out of his Ma-

jesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to

be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces

are ordered to serve, and for granting a Bounty upon

Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time.

46. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the

Fiftoeries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams

running into the fame, and a!so within the Mouth or En-

trance of the said River.

47. An Act for enabling his Majesty to license a Playhouse

in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

48. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the

twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, For laying a Duty of two Pen-

nies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which

shall be fold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped, for

Salt) within the Town of Anftruther Easter, and Liber-

ties thereof.

49. An Act for taking down the Church of All Saints, in

the Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge; and

for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the

Church of Saint Vigors in the said Town.

S°- An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of

Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex,

to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the

Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon for the Re-

ception and Employment of the Poor of the said Pa-

rim; and for providing an additional Burial Ground for

the Use of the said Parish.

51. An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory

Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under a limited

Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

52. An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent*,

granted by his present Majesty to William Cookworthy of

Plymouth, Chymist, for the lole Use and Exercise of a

Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in

order to enable Richard Campion of Bristol, Merchant (to

whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry*

the said Discovery into effectual Execution for the Be*

nefit of the Publick.

53. An Act for enabling the two Universities in England),

the four Universities in Scotland, and the several Col-

leges of Eton, Westminster, and IFinchefer, to hold in

Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, given or be-

queathed to the said Universities and Colleges for the

Advancement of useful Learning and other rurposes of

Education; and for amending so much of an Act of the

eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to -

the Delivery of Books to the Warehouse Keeper of the

Stationers Company, for the Use of the several Libraries

therein mentioned.

54. An Act for paving and regulating* and for preventing r.

Nuisances and Obstructions within New Gravel Lane,

and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places,

within the Parish of Saint PaulShadwell, in the County of

Middlesex, not comprised in an Act passed-in-the eleventh

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* for paving and '

regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein

mentioned.

55. Aq Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the

fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti*

tuled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in

the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse \

and for pur chafing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground\ ■.

for the Use of the said Parish.

56. An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuild-

ing the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of

Chancery, by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King*s Court

of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register and '

Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better pre-

serving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Bcoks of Ac-

count, kept in such Offices; in building Offices for the said

Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln’s Inn, instead of

rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery

Lane; and for other Purposes.

57. An Act for Watering Piccadilly, from the End of

Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint '

George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex

58. An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and

publick Passages, within the Town of Hampstead, and

Parts adjacent within the Parish of Hampstead\ in the

County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly

Watch therein, and a Patrole between the said Town '

and London.

59. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford'ZnA Launditch, in

the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for extending the Duty of two Pennies Scots,

or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every

Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold in the Village of

Port Glofgow and the Privileges thereof, over the Town

of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of PortGlaf-

gow and Newark with fresh Water; for paving, clean*

ing, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said two

Towns; for erecting publick Markets therein; for re-

pairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and

Weft Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and other

Purposes therein mentioned.

' c a 6i. Aa

^.ooooie

