\

The TITLES of

Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds,

in the Tichings or Liberties of Eastbury% otherwise JJbury,

and Blagrovey in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the

County of Berks

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and

Liberties of Crick, in the County of Northampton.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in Over

Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Becky within the Parish

and Liberties of Weedon Becky in the County of North-

ampton.

10S An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Stinted Failures, and Common Moors or

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Cor-

bridgty in the County of Northumberland.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open

Lands and Grounds, within the Township of FoJlony in

the East Riding of the County of York.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Waste

Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bilton9 in

the County of York.

log. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles

Bunbury Baronet, with the Right Honourable Lady

Sarah Lenox his now Wife ; and to enable him to marry

again ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

no. An Act for revetting Part of the Real and Personal

Estates of the Most Noble GeorgePuke of Saint Albans

in him, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

111. An Act for veiling the Real Estates comprised in the

Marriage Settlement of Thomas Lord Montforty situate

in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolky and the Woods,

Underwoods, Timber, and other Trees, growing and

being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust,

to be sold and disposed of in Manner therein mentioned ;

and for applying the Monies to arise by Sale thereof in

the Manner therein also mentioned.

112. An Act for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late be-

longing to Sir John Abdy Baronet, deceased, at Bjjhop's

Canningy in the County of WiltSy and of Timber Trees

growing on his Estates in the County of Eftexy and also

of his Medals and Coins, for paying off and discharging

certain Incumbrances affecting his Real Estates in Ejfex\

and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising by

such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the

fame Uses as his Estates in EJJ'ex now stand settled by his

Will.

*13. An Act for applying the Money to arise by Sale of

certain Messuages, situate in Cheapfidey in the City of

I*andony devifeaby the Will of Edmund Eftcourt Esquire,

deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a

Mansion-house upon the settled Estates late of the said

Edmund Eft court y at Shipton Moyne and Dovely in the

County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the

ancient Mansion-house now Handing thereon.

An Act for vetting the settled Estates of Peter John

Meywood Esquire, in the Isle of Many called The Nunnery,

m TTruftecs, to be sold ; and for laying out the Money

arising by such Sale in th* Purchase of Lands and Here-

the STATUTES.

ditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

to be settled in Lieu of the said Estates in the Isle of Many

intended to be sold.

11 An Act for veiling certain Manors, Messuages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Middlesex,

Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk, the Freehold, Copy-

hold, and Leasehold Estates, late of John Albert Bentinck

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees in 1 rust, to fell, mort-

gage, or exchange, any Part or Parts thereof; and for

applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging In-

cumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements

on the said Estates, and in completing Purchases of

Lands agreed for by the said John Albert Bentincky and

for other Purposes ; and for laying out the Residue of

such Money in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands,

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are

now subsisting concerning the fame.

116. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Henry

Statilton Esquire, at Wighilly in the County of the City

of York, in the said Henry Stapiltony in Fee Simple; ana

for settling in Lieu thereof other Lands and Heredita-

ments of the said Henry Stapiltony lying contiguous to,

and interspersed with, the Remainder of the said settled

Estates, and also the Tithes thereof and of such Re-

mainder, to the same Uses.

117. An Act to enable certain Persons, during thefuccef*

five Minorities of Sir William Molesworth Baronet, and

his Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates devised to

them by the Will of Sir William Morice Baronet, de-

ceased.

118 An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of

Wits and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his

Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

119. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the

Lands and Barony of Corfemichael, called GreenlaWy and

others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and

in favour of Isabel Gordon of Culvennan, Widow of Wil-

liam Gordon of GreenlaWy Esquire, for her Life, and to

and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan Esquire,

her eldest Son, and the fame Series of Heirs, in Fee

Tail, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations

as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail,

made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-

two, by John Macculloch of Barholmy and Jean Gordon

his Wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander Gor-

don and his Heirs and Amgns, in Fee Simple, the Estate*

of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of Wig-

tony together with the Sum of one thousand nine hun-

dred and seventy-one Pounds Sterling.

120. An Act to enable John Whitfield Esquire to charge

Part of his settled Estates, in the County, of Northamp—

tony in the Manner therein mentioned.

121. An Act 'to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of

Hatheroty in the County of Gloucester, to exchange Part

of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands more conve-

niently situated^ the Property of Samuel Blackwell Esquire,

in the Hamlet of Willian$ripy adjoining to the said Pa-

li Ih of Hatherop.

122. An Act to difiolve the Carriage of the Reverend*

John Jenkins Clerk, with Mary Jenkins his now-Wife 3.

and to enable him to marry again and for other Pur—

poses therein mentioned!

▼o».Xlft

THE

