626

Chaffer Pilot—

boats to carry

two MaAs*

Liverpool Pilots

may take the

Charge oTChef-

tcr Ships in cer-

tain Cafes, See.

Trustees cm*

powerrd toicflVn

the Rates of Pi-

Jots, &c.

Trustees tm pow-

ered to fix Rates

for piloting small

Distances.

Trustees may

grant Licences

to Perfom for

tracking or tow*

ing YcCcls.

Tewers a fling

without Licence,

to forfeit 10 I.

Rates for tow-

ing or tracking.

Trofteefrim-

pewered to lesion

the Rates of

Towers or

Tuckers, &c.

Tmflees may

feifpend or xa*

caie Licences

granted to Tow-

cn os Trackers*.

C. 6r. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

\

Distress and Sale, in such Manner as is herein before particularly mentioned and directed for recovering

the Duties herein before granted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Pilot that shall be so licensed

in the Port of Chester as aforesaid, shall have and carry two Malls.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel at Sea, or to

the Wellward of Chester-bar, bound for the Port of Chester, shall be met or boarded by a Liverpool Pilot*

and no Ckester Pilot near at Hand, or in Sight, that then it shall and may be lawful (if the Matter or

Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall think proper, but not otherwise) for the said Liverpool Pilot to

take the Charge of such Ship or Vessel until (he shall arrive or come to an Anchor at Dalpoole, in the

Port of Ckester; and also that the Liverpool Pilots shall be allowed to take the Charge of piloting his Ma-

jesty’s Ships into or out of the Port of Chester at all Times whatever ; any Thing in this Act to the con-

trary hereof notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, to

alter, lefl’en, lower, diminish, or reduce, the Rates of Pilotage hereby made payable, or any of them;,

and also to advance and raise the fame again in such Manner as to them the said Trustees, or any thirteen

or more of them, as aforesaid, from Time to Time, shall seem meet, requisite, and expedient, foas such.

Rates, when raised again and advanced, do not exceed the Rates herein before made payable, and airedled

to be taken by Pilots as aforesaid.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at any of their Quarterly Meetings, to ascertain, settle,

and fix, the Rates of Pilotage from one Place to another for any Distance within the intermediate Space

between the Great Ormfhead aforesaid, and the said City of Chjler\ so as such Rates in the Whole do

not exceed the Rates herein before fixed for piloting any Ship or Vessel from the Length of the Great

Ormjhead aforesaid to the City of Chester aforesaid, inwards or outwards, according to the Season of the

Year.

4 LI. And, for the better towing and tracking of Ships and Vessels with Horses to and from the said

4 City of Chester, within the said Port of Chester, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful to and for the salt} Trustees, or any seven or more of them, from Time to

Time, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings assembled, and they are hereby authorised and im-

powered to examine and esquire as to the Care and Ability of every Person who shall tender or offer him-

self to be admitted as a Tower pr Tracker of Ships or Vessels with Horses, within the Port of Chester

aforesaid ; and every Person who, upon such Examination and Enquiry, shall be approved by the said

Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall receive a Licence containing his Name, Age, and Place

of Abode, and also certifying that he is duly qualified to tow or track Vessels with Horses within the said

Port of Chesterwhich Licence shall be subscribed with the proper Hand-writing of seven or more of the-

said Trustees; and every Person so licensed (and no other) shall be deemed duly qualified to exercise and

follow the Occupation or Business of a Tower or Tracker of Vessels with Horses within the Port of Chester

as aforesaid ; and that no more than two Shillings and Sixpence shall be taken by the Clerk to the said

Trustees for the writing, filling up, or compleating, of any one such Licence; and no such Licence, so,

to be granted as aforesaid, shall continue in Force for any longer Time or Term than three Years from,

the Date thereof: And if any Person shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-seven, presume to tow or track any Ship or Vessel with Horses within the said Port

of Chester, without being duly licensed so to do, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

4 LII. And, for preventing any exorbitant Demand being made by any Tower or Tracker with Horses,.

4 so licensed for towing or tracking any Ship or Vefl'el as aforesaid,* be it further enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid. That no greater Rates or Prices shall be taken by any such Person for towing or tracking,

with Horses as aforesaid, than what is or are herein after mentioned ; that is to say,

For towing or tracking any Ship or Vessel from the City of Chester to the new Quay in the River Dee*

or from the New Quay to the said City of Chester, during the Winter Season, the Sum of one Pound five*

Shillings (such Winter Season to commence on the first Day of October, and end on the t-hirty-first Day

of March yearly, both Days inclusive)And for towing or tracking any Ship or Vessel from the said

City of Chester to the said New Quay, or from the said New Quay to the said City of Chester, during

the Summer Season, the Sum of one Guinea (such Summer Season to commence on the first Day of

April, and end on the thirtieth Day of September yearly, both Days inclusive).

LIII. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any Time or Times, at any of their General

Quarterly Meetings, to alter, lessen, lower, diminish, or reduce, the said Rates for towing or tracking

of Ships and Vessels with Horses hereby made payable, or any of them ; and also to advance and raise

again the fame in such Manner as to them the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at such

General Meetings, from Time to Time, shall seem meet, requisite, and expedient; so as such Rates,

when raised again and advanced, do not exceed the Rates herein before made payable, and authorised to

be taken by Towers or Trackers as aforesaid ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any

wife notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (lull and

may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Quarterly

Meetings as aforesaid, to suspend or recal any Licence or Licences which shall have been granted to such

1 Towers

