22

Continaatioa*

fctaaUet

trefteliNamei*

Vioce of Groimd

Tcfted in the

Trustee*. for the

Purpose of build*

ing a new

Church.

Power to inclose

the Ground j

and to bui!d a

Church and

Steeple, dec.

C. 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A. D. 1774.

to the said Island of Newfoundland, under the Regulations, Provision, and Restrictions* in the said Act

mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be in Force during

£uch Time as the said recited Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall have Continuance.

CAP. XI f.

An Act for vetting a Piece of watte Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Clap-

bam, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish

Church thereon.

4 IT 7 HE REAS the Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surry, is a very ancient Fabrick*

4 VV and inconveniently lituated at the Extremity of the said rarish, and by Length of Time is be-

* come very ruinous; and the Number of Inhabitants within the said ParMh is so greatly increased, that

* if the said Church was in a Condition to be repaired, it would not be large enough to contain them, for

4 the Purposes of Divine Worship: And whereas Penelope Pitty the Wife^of George Pitt of Stratfieldfea, in

* the County of Southampton, Esquire, and Sifter and Heir at Law of Sir Richard Atkins, late of Clapham,

4 aforesaid. Baronet, deceased, is, under the Will of the said Sir Richard AtkinSy intitled to the Trust or

4 beneficial Interest of or in the Manor of Claphamy and certain waftc Grounds within and Parcel of the

€ fame, for her Life, for her separate Use, with Remainders in Favour of her Issue Male (which have not

4 yet taken Effect), with the ultimate Remainder therein in Fee (after several contingent and other Uses to

c take EfFeft by the said Will in Failure of such Issue): And whereas the building of a new Church in

4 a more commodious Place or Situation, and upon a more extensive Plan, would tend greatly to the

4 Ease and Convenience of the Parishioners of the said Parish, and to the Encouragement of Religious

4 Worship within the same, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and the

4 said Penelope Pitt being desirous of promoting such useful and pious Undertaking as far as (he is able,

* hath, with the Consent of all or mod of the freeholders within the said Manor, having or claiming a

4 Right of Common upon the said waste Grounds, proposed or offered to set apart a certain Part thereof

4 for building thereon the said Church, and an inclosed Area to encompass the fame; that is to say, a

4 certain Piece of waste Ground, situate on the North-east Side of Clapham Common (as the fame is now

4 flaked or marked out), containing by Eftimatio'n two Roods and fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, the

4 said Piece of waste Ground being in all Respects suitable or convenient for that Purpose ; but by resifon

4 of the Uses or Limitations in the said Will of the said Sir Richard Atkinsy the said Piece or Parcel of

4 Ground cannot be effectually conyeyed for the Purpose aforesaid, nor can the said proposed Church be

* built thereon without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And in regard the building of the said

4 Church upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground will tend to promote or encourage building within the

€ said Manor and Parish, whereby the Estates or Interests of the Lords or Owners thereof, claiming un-

4 der the said Will, will, for the Time being, be greatly benefited may it please your Majesty, there-

fore, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

aftetnbled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Nortony Speaker of

the House of Commons, the Right Honourable George Onjtowy Sir Francis Vincent, Sir William Stonhouse9

Sir Henry Bridgeman, Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronets ; Sir William Stevenson% Sir Timothy Waltloy Knights ;

the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Clapbanty for the Time being; Richard Bowyery Levett

Blackborney John Pepys Jackfony Brahazon HallowSy William Burr idee Leighy John Thorntony Thomas Han-

iey, William Curteis, Abraham Atkins, Caherley Bewiche, Benjamin Bewickcy Benjamin Bandy John Br ogden 9

Thomas Delavaly Charles Eyrey Freeman Flowery William Halhedy Henry Hoarey Samuel Horny John

Jackfony Nathaniel JefferySy Thomas Laney Nathaniel Mafony John Smally Samuel Smithy William Snelly

William Thorntony Esquires; the Reverend Moses Porter B. D. James AdamSy Samuel BayeSy Caherley Be~

wicke junior, Bulkeley9 Edward Bullt Somers Clerk, John Collicky Daniel Ue St. Leu, David

De Vifmey William EaveSy John Fleet woody Samuel Gelednekiy James Hague, Engelbert Hakey William Her*

vey9 Peter Hodgson, Hopkins, James Hutchinfony Thomas Joncsy Charles fuifony

Marchy William Millsy Job Pearfony Frederick Raven campy Thomas Saveggy Edmund Smithy Hamnett

Townley, John Townfendy John Ter bury, Gentlemen; William Coley and John Hanfcombey shall be, and

they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, are hereby appointed Trustees

for putting this present Act into Execution : And that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground herein-before

described mall be, and the fame is hereby vested in the said Trustees herein-before named, their Heirs and

Assigns for ever, for the Purpose of building a new Church and Steeple thereon, and an Area round the

fame, for the Use and Benefit of the said Parish: And that the fame shall be accordingly held, occupied*

and enjoyed, by them for the Purpose aforesaid, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and every

the Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, and Conditions, expressed or declared of or concern-

ing the said Manor in or by the said Will; and also of and from all prescriptive and other Rights of Com*

mon thereon.

II And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

TYuftees, or any five or more of them, to cause the said Piece or Parcel of Ground to be taken in, fenced,

and inclosed, for the Purpose aforesaid, at such Time or Times, and with such Materials, and in such

Manner, as they shall think fit; and also to cause a Church and Steeple to be erected or built thereon*

after such Model, and of such Dimensions and Materials, and in such Manner, as they the said Trustees.

or any five or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden in puiiuance of this Act, shall

• agree

