514 C* 29. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776*

\

Proceeding* not of this A#, {hall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorariy or any other Writ

to be qu^fned for or procefg whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster: any Law or Statute to

thccontrarynotwjlhfonding<; J J > 1

Dili refs not to CXIIJ. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made

be deemed un- for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this A&, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

lawful for want unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of

of Form. any £)efe& or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding

relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a TrespalTer or Trespassers ab initio

on account of any Irregularity which {hall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining ;

but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the

special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe,

persons aggrlev- CXfV. Provided always. That if any Person or Persons {hall think himself, herself, or themselves ag-

ed mav appeal grieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Person or Persons may, within Six

to ihc S:iHons. Calendar Months, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and

for the County in which the Cause of Appeal {hall arise, and not elsewhere; and the said Justices in theif

said Quarter Sections {hall, in a summary Way, ekher hear and determine the said Complaint, or, if they

think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be

held for the said County, and then hear and determine the fame, and, if they fee Cause, may mitigate

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, in finch Manner as they {hall think proper, and award such Costs t®

either of the Parties as they shall judge reasonable.

CXV; And be it further enaftea by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Information {hall

be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thine done or to be done in pursuance of

this A&, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions, herein before

given or granted, every such Suit or Information {hall be brought or commenced within six Calendar

Months next after the FaCI committed 5 or in case there {hall be a Continuation of Damages, then

within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damages {hall cease, and not after-

wards, and {hall be laid and brought in the County where the Matters in Dispute {hall arise, and not else-^

whpre; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and

give this AC! and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to he had thereon, and that the fame

Was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this AC!: And if it {hall appear to have been so done, or

if any AC!ion, Suit, dr Information, {hall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame*

or shall be brought in any other CoUnty or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in such Cafe, the Jury

{hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer

a Discontinunnce of his, her, or their AC!ion, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants

{hall have appeared, or if a VerditS! shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or

otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, the Defendant or Defendants shall have

Double Costs, and {hall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or hare

for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this AC! shall be allowed in all

Courts whatsoever as a Public AC!; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to

take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

limitation ef

A&ioni,

Coneral Issue.

Double Coftr.

Public A&*

Pxeamble.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for vetting in John Liardet^ Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the

foie Use and Property of a certain Composition or Cement of his Invention, throughout

Iris Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for 4

limited Time.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George^ the Third, by his Letters Patent under the

Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Third Day of Aprils which was in.

4 the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto John Liardet, of Great Sujfolk-street, in the

4 Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex^ Clerk, his Executors, Administrators,

4 and Assigns, his foie Privilege and Authority to make, use, exercise, and vend, a certain Composition

4 or Cement, for all the Branches concerning Buildings to which the fame was applicable, within that

4 Part of Great Britain called England, his Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and

4 in any of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations abroad, for the Term of fourteen Years : And whereas,

4 unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, and the Property of the said John

4 Liardet in the said Invention better secured, not only within that Part of Great Britain called England,

4 the Dominion of Wales^ the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in his Majesty’s Colonies and Planta-

4 tions abroad, but also within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it will neither be possible for the

4 said John Liardet, to receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, and Time, nor for the

4 Public at large to reap the various Advantages in Point of Utility and Oeconomy, as well as Ornament

4 in Building, which would arise from this Invention were its Use universally diffused, and its Price low-

4 ered, upon which the Demand, and consequently the Profits of the Proprietor, mufl depend : And

4 whereas the Cement from its Nature grows too hard for Use if not used soon after it is made, and there-

4 fore must be made where used, or near it, from which Circumstance the Use thereof has hitherto been

4 confined to the Metropolis and a few Miles about it, as training Workmen and erecting Wo;ks is diffi-

4 cult and expensive : And whereas, if the Term is not enlarged, the fame narrow Plan must be conti-

4 uued, a general Plan of erecting Works and training Men ail over the Kingdom, which is necessary if

4 the

