The TITLES of the STATUTES.

of Winestead, Pattrington, South Froiingham, Hollym,

Rimfwell, Owthorne otherwise Seat borne, Ivithemfea, trig-

land Hilly1 and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East

Riding of the County of York.

108. An Act for better governing and employing the Poor,

and making and collecting the Poor’s Kates, wMnn the

Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George

Bloomfburyin the County of Middlesex.

109. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the

seventh Year of the Keien of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening several Roads, leading from the

Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in

the County of Ayr $ and for repairing and widening cer-

tain other Roads within the said County of Ayr.

*10. An Act to enlarge the Term and rowers of an Act,

passed in thfe thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Msyefty King George the Second, for repairing and widen-

ing the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge 5

and also from Hoo-afh Lane, through Old Lane, and from

Swannington to, Lee Gutter, and from thence to Mel-

bourne Common ; and from Ibstock to Meafham, in the

Counties of Leicester and Derby ; and for repairing and

widening the Road from Phinefs House, in the Liberty

of Ofbafton, to Cheftre’s House, in the Liberty of Carlton,

and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swanning-

ton, along Burton’s Lane, to the Coal Fields; and also the

Road from the Toil-gate in Old Lane to the Leicester and

Ashby~de-la~%ouch Turnpike Roads.

111. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-

>’ ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads

therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the

County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of

Roads therein mentioned ; and to amend the Road from

Etftone Church to the Turnpike Road from Ctrencester to

Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the

said Couhty of Gloucester.

112. An Act for continuing, altering, and amending an

Ad, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his

^ late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act

for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the

Town $/*Bewdly, in the County ^Worcester, to thefeve-

ral Places therein mentioned, in the Counties c/'Worcester

and Sal of respectively.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

* Ad, made in the twenty-seventh Year of King George

the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from

the Borough of Leicester to and by the North Side of the

Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to

_ Wamford,in the County of Northampton ; and from thence

to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton; and

for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said

t Road at Peterborough to the Market Place there.

.1 11* An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so

much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the

f Town of Rotherham,1 in the County of York, to the

Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankerjhy Park, in

the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,-

made in the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King

Georg# the Second, for repairing the Road from Norths

‘ Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town1

' of Newcastle upon Tyne. * .. '

11^>. An Act for impowering the Trustees for repairing the'

Road' fiom the Stone’s End in Sdint Leonard Shoreditch,

to the furrhetmost Part of the Northern Road, in the

Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex,. to cause

Part of the said Road to be lighted, watched, and wa-

tered ; and for lighting, watching, and watering tlfe

Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said

County.

117. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the

Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide-post to the'

Gravel Pit at (Nottingham, in the County of York; and

for repairing and widening other Roads therein men-

tioned.

118. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers granted by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth

Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road

from the North End ^Brown’s Lane, in Great Stough-

ton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton

and Higham Ferrers, to the Way-post near Wellingborough

Bridge, in the County ^Northampton, and from the Pound

in Kimbolton to the JVayfoJl in Great Catworth Field,

near Brington Bridge, in the said County Huntingdon ;

and for repealing so much of an Act of the tenth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road be-

tween the North End of Brown’s Lane, and the South

End thereof.

PRIVATE AC T S.

Anno 14 Georgii IIL

u AN Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields,.

/ jl common Pastures, and other umnclofea Grounds,

within the Manor and Township of Swinton, in the Pa-

rish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the

County of York.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open ants com-

monable Fields, within the Parish of Duddington, in the

County of Northampton*

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and operr

Fields, Wastes, and common Grounds, within theTown-

ship and Liberty of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the cpmmon Mea*»

dows. Commons, ana waste Lands, within the Manor

and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the County of Worcester.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Abbot’s Ann, in

the County of Southampton.

6; An Act for dividing and inclosing several common

Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of

Owmby, in the County of Lincoln.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Field Land,

or stinted P^flure, common, and waste Grounds, within

the Manor of Butterton, in the Parish of Mayfield, in the

County of Stafford.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

Fields, lot Grounds, and commonable Lands, within’the

Parish of Staunton, in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open Arable

Fields, Meadows, and stinted common Pastures, in the

Parish of Weft Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

ro. An Act to enable Thomas Purnell ^wrj-Ef^uire, and

his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pur-

nell.

11. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham

Delapierre.

42. An Act, for naturalizing Louis dc Saumanze.

13. An Act for naturalizing Peter Van Yzendoorn.

14. An Act for naturalizing Theodore George Gleichnian.

15. An Act for naturalizing George'Christopher Degen.

*6. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of^the

Persons claiming under the Will of Mary Price Spinster,

deceased, to cut down and fell the Timber upon the set-

tled Estates of the said Alary Price, in the County of

. K Merioneth}

e

