C. 6 i.

S?o

Anno decimo quinto Grorgh HI. A. D. 177

Prorlfo#

No Money to be

borrowed after

the first Meet-

ing, unless ten

Day* Notice be

given.

Application of

the Money to

be borrowed.

Trustees may ap-

point Collectors

and other Of-

ficer t.

and allow them

Salaries ;

and may displace

such Officer*,

and appoint

oth era.

Tons for paying the Money already subscribed towards the erecting and completing the fakf Pier; to be

paid by Dividends, with Interest, in the Manner before mentioned : Provided, that such Money shall not

be paid until the Money to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, together with Interest for the feme, after

the Rate aforesaid, (half be paid off and discharged ; and such Payment is to be subject to the ocher Con*

tingenev herein-before mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit

of this Act by the said Trustees, after the first Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, under the Bends of

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, be, by Order of such Trustees, or any five of more of

them, fixed in the Market-place of Meva°tjfey, at least terr Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That the Monies which shall be collected, received, levied, and

borrowed, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied, in the first Place, in defraying the Expences incident

to and incurred in the obtaining of this Act, and afterwards in defraying the necessary Expences of com-

pleting and maintaining such Pier, and other Works as aforesaid, and in executing the Purposes of this

Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, at their first Meeting, or any five or more of

them then present, or at any succeeding Meeting, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and

may choose and appoint such Person or Persons to le Collector or CoUeftors of the said Duties grarKedby.

this Act as they mall think fit} and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors'

of the said PieF, and other Works, proposed to be erected, for rendering the fame commodious and ufefu!

for the Reception of Ships and Vessels; and aHb a Treasurer or General Receiver'of the said Duties, and

such other Officer and Officers as they shall think neoeflary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and

such Person or Persons as is or are made liable to pay the said Rates and Duties shall pay the fame, after

the Rates aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be appointed tocolleft the said

Rates and Duties; and the said Trustees shall allow to such Cottcftor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers,

Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons so by them appointed, such

Salaries or Rewards, as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a Genera) Meeting af-

sembled, <hall appear reasonable; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to

remove or displace any such Collector, Receiver, Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Person or Persons what-

soever by them appointed in pursuance of this Act, and in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons

so displaced to nominate and appoint from Time to Time such other Person or Persons as they shall think

Officer* to give

Security.

All Contracts

With Art ficeri

and Workmen

to be entered in

a Book.

Persons concern-

ed may have free

Access to such

Book*, dec.

After the Works

arc completed,

the Books to be*

laid annually be-

fore the Justices,

at the Qoarer

Sessions, dec.

After Trustees

are reimhwrfed

the Money bor-

rowed, See, the

Doric* in respect

of British Ship#,

tocttie, <&c.

proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, when-

ever it shall seem to them expedient, take of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Trea-

surer or Treasurers, and from such other Person or Persons so to be chosen and nominated from Time to

Time as aforesaid, a good and sufficient Security, as well for answering and paying all and every Sum

and Sums of Money which shall be by him or them respectively received, in such Manner w the fakj

Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, order,

direct, and appoint, and not otherwise, and also for his and their giving and making respectively thereof

true Accounts in Writing, from Time to Time, when and so often as he or they respectively stall be or-

dered and required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, so to do, of all Monies by him or

them respectively received by virtue of this Act, and of all the respective Times of such Receipts, and of

all such Monies by him or them respectively disbursed, and the respective Times of such Disbursements,

and to whom, and by what Order.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees shall take care to have all the Receipts, Pay-

ments, Debts, Credits, and Contrafts made with and by the Artificers and Workmen, employed or to bd

employed, in or about the completing the said Pier, and the maintaining and preserving the fame, or *nf

way relating thereto, and also an Account of all Monies received and borrowed by the said Trustees by

virtue df this Act, and all other their Proceedings whatsoever, fairly entered and written in one or morse

Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; to which Book or Books all Persons concerned and interested

shall at any feasonable Times have free Access, and shall have the Perusal and Inspection thereof gratis^

or Copies or Extracts thereof, paying after the Rate of Two-pence for every one hundred Words; and by

or out of the Money arising from the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, or by or out of any other

Sum or Sums of Money which shall come into the Hands of the said Trustees, or into the Hands of tht

Receiver or Receivers to be by them appointed, shall pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, unto

the Artificers and Workmen, to be employed in and about the completing or maintaining the fak) Pier and

Premises, ail Sums of Money which shall be iuftly due to them, or any of them, for the fame: And

when the said Pier shall be completed and finished, and all oth^r necessary Works shall be done, for the

commodious receiving and securing Ships and Vessels therein, then, every Year, at the General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Cornwall next after the Feast: of All Sainis, the

said Book or Books, to be kept by the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons whom they, or any five or

more of them, shall appoint as aforesaid, shall be produced and shewn to the Justices of the Peace, at such

Quarter Section, together with proper Vouchers for the Expences and Disbursements, and the Expences

and Charges of passing this Act; which said Justices shall ftatc and balance the said Account; and when

it shall appear to such Justices, and be certified by them then present, or the major Part of them, that the

faiJ Trustees are by the said Duties fully reimbursed the principal Monies by them borrowed and laid otic

for the Purposes aforesaid, together with all Interest and Charges attending the fame, and that a sufficient

Sum of Money shall be raised for the future Support of the said Pier, and for keeping the fame in Repair,

then, all and singular the said refoeftive Duties hereby granted, shall, in respect of a’l British Ships,

Sloops, Boats, or VefteJs, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, cease and determine; and the Rates ani

Duties

