w

Commissionm

to grant Certifi-

cate* open Proof

made of Disco-

very, Ac.

on producing*

whereof, Com-

missionert of the

Treasury to pay

the Reward,

AllCUimitothe

Rewards to be

made within fix

Month* after

Arrival at any

Port in Great

Britain or Ire-

land.

Provifoe

Preamble,

AQi 8 Geo. III.

and 5 Geo. III.

veered.

So much of the

A a 8 Geo. III.

at relates to Ire-

land, and the

Afi 5 Geo. I1L

made perpetual.

C. yr ft. Anna deeijno sexto Gboxgii III. A. D. 1776.

ant or Claimants of the respective Rewards given as aforesaid by this Act (which Oath the said Commit

sioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer): And the said

Commissioners, or the major Part of those that shall meet (such m; ior Part, never thelei's, at qll Time$

consisting'of thirteen Corrfmiftioners at the lead, of which the Lord High Admiral, or First Commissioner

for executing the Office of Lord H gh Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, and the Royal Astro-

nomer of Greenwich for the Time being, shall be two), being fully satisfied, upon Examination and Proof,

that such Northern Passage by Sea into the Pacific Ocean is effectually discovered, and failed through as

aforesaid, artd that such Approach towards the Northern Polfc, as aforesaid, has been then first actually

made by Sea, or that either the one or the other has been fully accomplifbed within the Meaning of this

Act, as the Cafe may be, are hereby authorised and required to grant a Certificate or Certificates ac-

cordingly, under their Hands and Seals, to fuel* Person or Persons as they shall judge are entitled to tnc

fame respectively; which Certificate or Certificates shall be produced to the Lord Hugh Treasurer, or any

three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and the said Sum of twenty

thousand Pounds, and the said Sum of five thousand rounds, or the one or the other, as the Cafe may be,

shall be respectively paid to such Person or Persons as are named in the said Certificate or Certificates re-

spectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of any the Aids or Supplies which

shall be granted iii^ Parliament to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, after the said Discovery of the said

Northern Passage into the Pacific Ocean, and the said Approach to within one Degree of the Northern

Pole, or the one or the other, as the Cafe may be, shall be made, effectuated, and proved, and the fai4

Certificate produced as aforesaid.

TV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the respective Clairq

or Claims on behalf or any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, unto the Rewards given by this Act, or either

of them, shall be made respectively, and entered with, or be by Letter signified to, the Secretary of die

Lord High Admiral, or First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri-

tain for the Time being, at the Admiralty Office in London, /within six Months from the Time that such

Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, shall have arrived at any Port of Great Britain or Ireland\ otherwise the'

respective Claimant or Claimants shall not be entitled to receive, nor shall receive, either of the said Re-

wards ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Reward?, or

either of them, shall be claimed by and adjudged to the Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seameni.

of any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, belonging to his Majesty, the fame shall be disposed in favour of*

and distributed among such Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen, in such Proportions as

shall be directed by his Majesty in Council, and in no other Manner.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Tear of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for Importation of Salted Qeef, Porky

“ Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time •, and for allowing the Importation of

44 Salted Beef, Perk, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, /^ a

44 limited Time," as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

from Ireland: And also another Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

4 IT/HERE AS an Act was made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

4 VV Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Alajejly, intituled,

44 An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time;

4< and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon* and Butter, fron> the British Dominions

44 in America, for a limited Time And whereas the said Act has, by several subsequent Acts, been coq-

4 tinued to the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six: And whereas another

4 Act was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to permit the free Im-

4 portation of Cattle from Ireland ; which Act has, by another Act made in the twelfth Year of his present

4 Majesty’s Reign, been further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven

4 hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next oeifion of Parliament: And

4 whereas the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the fame

4 relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland; and also the said Act,

4 made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, have proved very beneficialMay it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted oy the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,* itr this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, made in

the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from Ireland, and also the said recited Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, shall be, and arc hereby made perpetual,

CAP.

e

