The TITLES of the STATUTES.

15* An Act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the

tenth and Seventh Years of the Reign Qf his present

Majesty, for regulating the Trials *f controverted Elections,

or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

16. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his.

late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act

, for\ draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low

Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets' of

; March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Up well, tn

the lfteof Ely, and County of Cambridge), lo far as the

fame relates to the several FenHLands and Low Grounds

lying in the sixth District, in the said Act described.

17. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Exe-

cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Taxu

to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear

one thoujandseven hundred and seventy-four% together with

those named in two former Acts for appointing Com-

missioners of the Land Tax.

18. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

* called Eng’and,Sorone Year* beginning the twenty fifth

Day of Murtb, one.thoilland seven hundred and sevenCy-

fbur.

19. An Act to discontinue, in such Manner, and for such

Time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and dif-

charging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and

Merchandise, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of

Bo/hn, in the Province of Majfackufef s Bay, in North

America.

r tt>. An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Fe-'

lony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or dif-

charged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of

Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Kecompence for such Fees

out of the County Rates.

£1. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution

certain Proposals, made by the most Noble Henry Duke

of Bucclcvgh, the most Noble Charles Duke of Sfyueenf-

berry and Dover, and others^ for redeeming the Annui-

ties granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known un-

der the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

£2. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto Major

General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late

Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

t$, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual

several Acts of Parliament of the sixteenth and seven-

teenth, 2nd twenty-second Years of King Charles the

Second, and of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty,

for draining and preserving certain Lands called Deeping

Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

C4. An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching,

the Streets, and other publick railages and Places within

that Part of the Parish of Clerkcnwellcalled Saint James's,

and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein;

for wrdrning the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the

Parish Church ; and for watching and lighting certain.

Highways within the said Parish.

£j. An Act for the more cfteftual preventing Frauds, and

Embezzlements, by Persons employed in the Woollen

Manufactory.

An Act to allow the Exportation'of a limited Quan-

tity of Wheat-meal or Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts,

Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, to Hud fords

Bay, in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudsons

Bay Company, and their Servants residing there.

47. An Act for fixing and regulating a public Market and

Shambles for the Sale of Meat within the Town and

• Borough of Swanfca, in the County of Glamorgan•

28. An Act to continue an Act, made in the tweiity-

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for laying a Duty of too Pennies Scots, _or

one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint

of Ale and Beer, which (nail be brewed for Sale, brought

into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn9

and Liberties thereof.

29. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Parish'of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, ill

the County of Middlesex; and for building a VVork-

house, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial

~ Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

30. An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better

governing, regulating, and maintaining the Poor, within

the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of

London ; , and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch-

ing, the Streets, .Lanes, and other open Passages and

Places within the same ; and for preventing Obstructions

and Annoyances therein.

31. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the

County of Fife.

32. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said

Company. r * r * '

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the bpen Field*,

Meadows, stinted common Pastures, and other common

and waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney,

in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improv-

ing Part of the said Parish.

34. An Act for granting further Time to theTJnited Com-

pany of Merchants of England, trading to the East

Indies, to expose to Sale'the Smgk> and Bohea Teas

remaining in their Warehouses uniold, on the fifth Day

of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four;

ahd foi* allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of

such Teas.

35. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or

the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to com-

pound certain Debts due to his Majesty, and affecting

the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason Esquire, de-

ceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and,

upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and

exonerate the said Estates therefrom.

36. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Par-

liament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the

Turnpike Roads in that Part cfGxcat Britain called Eng-

land, and for other Purposes 5 so far as the fame relates

to the continuing and granting an additional Term of

- five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads.

37. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment or

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers.

38. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting,

the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and

Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoy-

ances therein, and for creating a Fund towards the Ex-

pences thereof, by inclosing divers waste Grounds with-

in the Liberties of the said City, and for the better Ap-

plication of Charity-money for setting the poor People

of the said City to work, and to enable Bodies Corpo-

rate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said

City.

39. An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice in

the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by

them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression

of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of Majfachufcd

Bay, in New England.

40. An

