A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. ^53. 607

Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, or any ways respecting the Government and Ada-

nagement of the Poor within the said Island, shall and may be directed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace,

either to the Governors or Stewards of the said House of Industry, for the Time being, or to the Constable or

Constables, or other Peace Officer or Officers of the Parish or Place where the fame are to be respectively'

executed, and such Governors or Stewards are hereby authorised and required to execute such Warrants

so directed to them, accordingly; and all Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to such

Governors or Stewards in the Execution of such Warrants, in the same Manner as if such Warrants had

been executed by a Constable or other Peace Officer.

LXXVJI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures arising from any Offences committed within Forfeiturespiren

the said Island, where the Whole, or any Part thereof, is given so the Poor of the Parish, or for any to the Poor to

Offences against this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Corporation, to the Use be lhc

of the Poor of such House. ... Treasurer.

LrXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman of any chaiman of a

Weekly Committee, or other Meeting of the Directors and acting Guardians,' to be held in pursuance of Weekly Com-

this Act, and also to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Southamptoni acting in may

and for the Division of the Isle of Wight, before whom any Complaint shall be made, by virtue of this

Act, to issue a Summons, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Appearance of any ^nVihemon*-

Person or Persons before him or them, as Witness or Witnesses in any such Complaint, and to examine

any such Person or Persons upon Oath 5 which Oath such Chairman, and Justice or Justices, is and are

hereby impowereJ to administer, touching and concerning such Complaint.

4 LXXIX. And whereas on the Trial of Actions for Offences against this Act, and on the Hearing poor main'a’n-

of Examinations and Appeals touching Orders of Removal to and from the said Island, and also touch- cd in the House,

4 ing Orders of Bastardy concerning Bastards chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, to any Parish inhabitants,

4 within the said Island, and also touching Convictions or Adjudications of Offences and Defaults, for

4 which Penalties or Forfeitures are or may be imposed by virtue of this Act, or are or may, by virtue of witnTflci.

4 any other Act, be levied for the Use of the Poor of any Parish or Place within the said Island, it will ge-

4 nerally happen that Persons who can give the most satisfactory Tdtimony in such Cafes will be Persons

4 who pay to the Rates and Assessments imposed by Order or Direction of this Corporation, or Persons

4 who are Officers of the fame, or who are maintained within the House of Industry, or otherwise sup-

4 ported by this Corporation: And whereas such Persons may frequently be deemed to be interested. and

the Judges before whom they appear as Witnesses may incline to reject their Testimony on such Occa-

4 (ions; for Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted and declared. That in all Actions to be brought in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster9 for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture given by

this Act; and at the Hearing of all Examinations and Appeals touching Orders of Removal to and from

the said Island, or touching Orders of Bastardy concerning Bastards chargeable, or likely to become char-

geable, to any Parish or Place within the said Island, or touching Adjudications or Convidions of Defaults

and Offences, for which Forfeitures or Penalties are or may be imposed by virtue of this Act, of touching

any Penalties or Forfeitures which, or any Part of which, by the Laws now in being, or by any Laws

hereafter to be made, are or may be given to the Poor of any Parish or Place within the said Island, the

Evidence of Persons who pay to the Kates and Assessments imposed by Order or Direction of this Corpo-

ration, and of Persons who are Members or Officers of the fame, and of Persons who are maintained within

the said House of Industry, or who are otherwise supported or assisted by the said Corporation, shall be

taken and admitted, any Law, Custorn, Rule, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanejing.

LXXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Workhouses belonging to the Troftee* to fell

several Parishes in the JJle of frtgkty together with the Lands thereunto belonging, which, by the above- Workhoofe* not

recited Act, are or were vested in the Trustees named in the said recited Act, shall continue to be vested , already fold,

in the said Trustees, unless they have already fold or conveyed away the fame; and that the said Trustees

and their Heirs shall and do sell and convey such of the said Houses and Lands, as they have not already

fold and conveyed away, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the lame, and shall and

do pay the Monies arising by such Sale or Sales into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Corporation,

to be applied to the common Stock of the said Corporation, for the Purposes of this Act; and all and All Alignments,

every Alignments, Conveyances, and Assurances whatsoever, of all and every or any of the Work- &c. of Trustees,

houses of the several Parishes within the said Island, fold under the said Act by the Trustees therein men- Director*» *c.

tioned, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and all and every other Act and Acts, Thing and Things “°^crfolcr

whatsoever, done or procured to be done by the said Directors, or by the said Directors and Guardians, lid/ to cva“

chosen and acting underand by virtue of the said Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, valid and

effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act was to remain, continue, and be in

full Force, and not hereby repealed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all Right of Rights of Com.

Common, and Common of Pasture, and other Rights and Privileges, in, over, or upon, the said Land mononthe

or Ground, comprised in and granted by the said recited Letters Patent, shall cease, determine, and be for k*?*1 ir jCd

ever extinguished and annihilated, to all Intents and Purposes; and that such Land or Ground, or any “£D8Ul €

of the Buddings already made andereded, or hereafter to be made and erected thereon, shall not be sub-

jed or liable to the Payment of any Rates, Taxes, or Levies whatsoever, or to any Claims or Demands

whatsoever, for amending, maintaining, or repairing, any Way or Road whatsoever, on account of in-

closing the said Land.

LXaXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all voluntary Contributions, voluntary Con-

which well-disposed and charitable Persons shall think proper to make towards the carrying on the good tribution* how

Purposes hereby intended, shall be paid to and received by the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and be to bedisposedof.

applied and disposed of in such Manner, for the Maintenance, Cloathing, Employment, Accommodation

VOL* XII. 4 I and

^.ooooie

