0.47* 48. Anno decrmo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

»nd in caf« of whom such Money is dac, as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money he ought to have paid; to be

fdJ,tbl° hf* recovere£l by him or them, or his or their Executors or Admin istrators, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

^lm°u cl c Record at tVeJhninster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein but one Imparlance,

with Treble and no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, together with Treble Costs of Suit by

CodsofSwt. him or them expended in the Recovery of the fame.

Sheriff to here- IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff of the said County Pfllatine of Durham who shall have

imbursed by the paid any such Reward or Rewards in pursuance of this Act^. shall and may immediately apply for Repay-

Comm ffionert ment of the fame to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

of the Tieefory. or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the said Commissioners for executing the Office of

Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are and is

' hereby authorised and required, upon inspecting a due Certificate of the Conviction of such Offender of

Offenders within the said County Palatine of Durham^ for which such Reward or Rewards shall have

been ordered to hi paid, as aforesaid, together with the Receipts or Acquittances of the Parties intitled to

receive the same, forthwith to repay to the Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Durham, out of the

Revenue of the Crown, without Fee or Reward whatsoever, all such Monies so disbursed and paid, as

aforesaid, by such Sheriff, other than and except the Double of the Sum* or Sums of Mortey, and Treble

Costs of Suit, to which such Sheriff will be liable in Default of Payment of the Reward of Rewards

Within the Time before limited for such Payments

Expencet of the V. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be paid

Afl how to be by the Treasurer of the said County Palatine of Durham, out of the first Monies that shall come into his

pa,d’ Hands from the Rates of the*said County; and the Sum so paid by the Treasurer of the said County, in

pursuance of this Act,^ shall . be ^allowed to: the said Treasurer by the Justices of the said County before

whom the Accounts of* such Treasurer shall’be passed.

Publick Act. VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick

Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whorasoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIf.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted, to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, pr others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the Time limited by Law*: and for giying further Time for those Purposes; and to*

indemnify Members and Officers, in’Cities, Corporations, and Borough, Towns, whose Ad millions

have been omitted to he stamped according to Law* or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid ;

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such

Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-

tornies and Solicitors. Further Time given for these Purposes, to 25 tb December, 177s*

CAP. XLVIIL

An Act for regulating Infuranees upon Lives, and for prohibiting, all such Insurances, ex-"

cept in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the

Persons insured.

Preamble.

No lnfuraoce to

be made 00 the

Lives of Perfoftt

having no Inte-

rtft, Set,

No Policies on

Lives without

inserting the

Petfoot Names,

Ac.

How much

may be reco.

vered where

the Insured hath

C \HEREAS t hath been found by Experience, that the making Insurances on Lives, or other

4 VV; Events, wherein the Assured shall have no Interest, hath introduced a mischievous Kind of Gam-

ming:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same? That from and after the passing of this Act, no Insurance.

shall be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, on the Life or Lives of any Person

or Persons, or on any other Event or Events whatsoever, wherein the Person or Persons for whose Use,

Benefit, or on whose Account such Policy or Policies shall be made, shall have no Interest, or by way of

Gaming or Wagering; and that every Assurance made, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof,

shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to make any Policy or Policies on the Life

or Lives of any Person or Persons, or other Event or Events, without inferring in such Policy or Policiea

the Person or Persons Name or Names interested therein, or for whose Use, Benefit, or on whose Ac-

count, such Policy is so made or underwrote.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the Insured hath Interest in such Life or Lives,

Event or Events, no greater Sura shall be recovered or received from the Insurer or Insurers than the

Amount or Value of the Interest of the Insured in such Life or Lives, or other Event or Events.

Interest in Lives.

Not to extend IV. Provided always* That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Infu-

rances ^ona fae made by any Person or Persons, on Ships, Goods, or Mefchandifes; but every such In-

Stops, Good*, furance (half be as valid and effectual in the Law, as if this Act had not been made*

CAP.

