A. D. 1774.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii Ilf.

C. 31,

65

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Fife.

• HEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the

Pr?tfaVle«

Services and Work, and Monies, Which are thereby authorised tol>e exacted and levied, have

been found, by Experience, inefficient to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the

* County of Fifty and that other and further Powers are necessary to be given to the Heritors and Justices

* of Peace of the said County effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution: And as

1 this cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That* for the more easy and effectual Execution of the Powers herein-a/ter granted, the OMfion <h*

said County of Fife shall be divided into four different Distri&s, confiding of the respective Presbyterics of Countie* int«

Saint Andrew Sy Kirkaldy, Coupary and Dunfermline. ' so*r DisttiA*.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Proprietor or Heritor, and the elded TruAeeN

Sons or apparent Heirs of the Proprietors or Heritors, whose Property intitles them te be Commissioners of

Supply, and the Provod, or other Chief Magistrate of every Royal Borough within the said County for the

Time being, shall be Trustees or Commissioners for making, repairing, upholding, and keeping in Repair*

the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this

Act to them given and granted.

III. Provided always. That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a T rudee, evefy Penalty «m tft-

such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of ‘ingifjwt

Prosecution 3 to be recovered determined by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said fied*

County, before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff-depute of the said

County, or his Subditutes; which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be by them applied

for repairing the said Roads; and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification

shall lie upon the Defendant.

IV. Provided also. That it shall be a sufficient Qualification to the Provoils, or other Chief Magjdrates Prarifr.

of the Royal Boroughs within the said County, that they are inveded for the Time being with the aforesaid

refoeftive Offices.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Trustees or Commissioners, or any Time and Place

five or more of them, shall hold their fird Meeting at Twelve of the Clock Mid-day, in the Town-hall of T™ftcci

thePrelbytery Town within which Presbytery or Didrift their said Lands respectively do lie, upon the Me€UD*#

second Tuesday of Junty one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and upon the second Tdefday of,

April yearly, and every Year thereafter; with Power to them, or the Majority of those present at the said

fixed or other General Meetings assembled, to adjourn to such other Times and Places as they shall think

fit or convenient; with rower also, annually, to chuse a Prefes and Clerk to the said Meetings; and to

make such Orders, Regulations, and Appointments, as they shall judge proper for repairing, rebuilding.

and upholding, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said respective Distridts; and the said

Trustees or Commissioners shall have Power to a Q. in any Distridt within the said County, whether residing

therein or not.; and the said Trustees or Commissioners, at all their Meetings, shall pay and defray their Trustees, &c. t®

own Expences. defray their owa

VI. Provided 2(1 ways. That where the Number present at such fixed or other General Meetings shall not E*Pcncc5-

exceed three Trustees, and that such Trustees shall think fit to adjourn the Meeting, then, and in that Cafe, cJiioglTbictu

fourteen Days previous Notice of the Day, and Purpose of the adjourned Meeting, (which shall be to the

same Place) shall be given in Manner herein-after mentioned : And provided also, That any three Trustees

may, at any Time, call a General Meeting at the Town-hall of the Presbyt'ery Town within which the

said three Trustees reside, upon giving the like previous Notice thereof, and of the Purpose and Business of

such Meeting; and the Clerk, in such Cafes, (nail always cause Intimation to be made of the Day and

Purpose of the Meeting, by affixing Notice thereof upon each of the Church Doors within the Distridt of

which a Meeting of the Trustees shall be so called, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Trustees, or any five or more E*ft uis vf

of them, at the said fixed Meeting, on the said second Tuesday of Junty one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-four, or at any other subsequent Meeting, shall have Power, and they are hereby required, to make * ma c*

up and afeertarn exadfc Lifts of the Number of Plough gates of Lands, as well in Grass as in Tillage, within

each Parish of the said respeefive Distridts, in such Way and Manner as the fame have hitherto been in ufc

to be ascertained within the said County.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Heritors, in the natural Possessioti Person* lUMeta

of their own Lands, and all Lessees, Tenants, and Occupiers of Lands, shall be liable and obliged to assist do Scr?ice,»

at making, building, repairing, and upholding, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said

County; and shall, upon two Days previous Notice to be given, personally, or at their respective Places Notice to be

£>f Abodev from the Overseer or Overseers of the said Highways and Bridges, or any Person authorised by given,

him or them, furnish, for the Number of fix whole Days, (each Day to consist of two sufficient Yoking?)

one sufficient Cart with two able Horses, and one able M *0, or, in their Option, one sufficient Wain,

with two able Horses, two able Oxen, and one able Man, and that for each rloughgate of Land, and so

on, in proportion to the Extent of the Land possessed by them ; and all Lands let for Pasture only shall be

held as in the Possession of the Heritor, and he shall be liable for each sixty Acres, or, in his Option, for

each forty Pounds Sterling of Rent paid by the Tenant or Lessee for the fame, to furnish the Carriages cor-

Vol. XU. K rclponding

