298

All Colliers, &c.

having obtained

their Ffeeder),

are intitled to the

Benefit of the

A & of Scotland

4 for preventing

urongous Itn-

jprisonnaent, Ac,'

Preamble.

Act of the Par-

liament of Scot-

land, 1633, Car,

L recited.

Act of the Par-

liament of Scot-

land, 1661, Car,

U. recited.

Ad of the Par- ,

foment of Scot-

land, 1693, Gul.

mt Mar hr, re-

filed.

The akofe-ro-

cited Ada of the

Parliament of

C. 29. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Work whatsoever, and if above the Age of forty-five Years they shall be free after a Service of three

Years.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July,

in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, all Colliers and Salters then free, and

all Persons that may thereafter become Colliers and Salters, and all Colliers and Salters bound to any Col-

hery or Salt-work upon the said first Day of July, from the Time of obtaining their Freedom under the

Authority of this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in

the Year one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled. At1 for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and

against undue Delays in Trials; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to repeal two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, the twenty-eighth Day of

yune, one thousand six hundred and thirty-three, intituled. Act anent the Clan Gregour,

and the fifteenth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three, intituled,

AH fer the Jufliciary in the Highlands, so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive

an Act: of the said Parliament of the twenty-sixth Day of April, one thousand fix hun-

dred and sixty-one, relative to the People called Mac Gregours.

\\) HEREAS in the Parliament of Scotland, being the first Parliament of King Charles the First,

holden at Edinburgh, the twenty-eighth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and thirty-three,

an Act passed, intituled, Act anent the Clan Gregour, ratifying and approving all Acts of Council and of

4 Parliament made theretofore against the Clan of Mac Gregour, and ordaining the Clan or People of the

Name of Gregour or Mac Gregour, and every one of them, at arriving at the Age of Sixteen, to give Se-

4 curity to the Privy Council of Scotland for their good Behaviour and Obedience; and that the said Clan

4 Gregour should take to them some other Surname; and that upon their Failure to appear, it should be

4 lawful to any of his Majesty's Lieges to take and apprehend them to be presented to the Privy Council,

4 there to be taken Order with; and if it should happen any of the said Clan Gregour to be hurt, mutilated,

4 or flain, the Party so doing and their Accomplices should no Ways be subject or liable to Law there-

4 fore* nor incur _at>y Pain or Skaith in Body or Goods, and should be free of all Pursuit, Criminal or

4 Civil, and the fame should be holden as good Service done to his Majesty; and that for the better ex-

4 tinguishing and extirpating the said Clan, no Minister or Preacher within the Bounds therein men~

4 tioned should at any Time thereafter baptize or christen any Male Child by the Name of Gregour, and

that no Clerk or Notary at any Time coming should make or subscribe any Bond or other Security under

the Name of Gregour; And whereas in the hrft ParliameAt of King Charles the Second, holden at Edin-

4 burgh, Anno one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, an Act passed, bearing Date the twenty-sixth Day

4 of April in that Year, whereby his Majesty, considering that those who were formerly designed by the

4 Name of Mac Gregour had, during the Troubles, carried themselves with such Loyalty and Affection to

4 his Majesty as might justly wipe off all Memory of their former Miscarriages, and take off all Mark of

4 Reproach put upon them for the fame; and his Majesty being desirous to reclaim his Subjects from every

4 evil Way, and to give all due Encouragement to such as lived in due Obedience and Submission to his

Majesty's Authority and Laws of the Kingdom, therefore his Majesty, with Advice and Consent of his

4 Estates of Parliament, refeinded, caffed, and annulled the thirtieth Act of the First Parliament of King

4 Charles the First, intituled, Act anent the Clan Gregour, and declared the fame void and null in all Time

4 coming, and that it should be thereafter free to all rerfon$ come of the Name and Race of the Clan

4 Gregour to keep and make use of the said Name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, and enjoy all Privileges

and Immunities as other Subjects, notwithstanding thfe said Act, or any other Acts, or any Thing thece-

in contained, to the contrary: And whereas in the Reign of King William and Queen Mary an Act

4 passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the fifteenth of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three*

4 intituled, Act for the Jufliciary in the Highlands, whereby their Majesties, with thd Advice and Consent

4 of the Estates of Parliament, revived the Act of Parliament of one thousand six hundred and thirty-three

4 against the Clan Gregour, notwithstanding the fame was refeinded in the Year one thousand six hundred

and sixty-one, which Act refeissary their Majesties did, by this Act, annul and make void: And whereas

4 those Persons who were the Objects of the«foresaid Acts did generally give Obedience to the Law, by

4 assuming other Names, and many of the Defendants of those Persons now bear the Names that were

4 by them so assumed: And whereas the causes' induftive of the Acts for suppressing the Name of Gre-

4 gour, or Mac Gregour, are now little known, and have long ago ceased, and those Acts being incapable

4 of Execution ever ftnee the Powers of the Privy Council of Scotland were abolished, many Persons con-

4 fidering them to be ineffect, and for the most part obsolete, do now use the Name of Mac Gregour:

4 And whereas many Persons of the Surname of Mac Gregour have found divers Inconveniences arising

4 to them from the said Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, particularly by being disabled, and apprehend-

4 ing themselves disabled thereby, from suing and defending in their own true Names in Courts of Law

and Justice in North Britain, and are desirous to re-affiume the real Name of their Anceftots and F&-

4 milies, but are unwilling so to do while there is the Appearance of a legal Prohibition (landing against

4 them; and for as much as they cannot be fully relieved without the Authority of Parliament,' may it

. therefore please your Majesty .(upon the humble Petition of Gregor Drummond, Esquire, for himself and

and many others), that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

; . ’ <' - ..... ' Parliament

