A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.' C. 88. 201

subsequent General or Quarter Session which shall be held after any such Conviction; and the Justices, in

the said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised to hear and determine every such Appeal, and

to vnak^such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear to be just; and to cause to

be levied, under the Order of any such Session, the Colts which shall be awarded, together with such

Sum of Money as any such Court of Session, on the hearing any such Appeal, shall adjudge to be for-

feited, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall refuse to pay such Costs

and Sum of Money forfeited, or of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties for

him, as aforesaid.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Order or Proceedings, to be made or had by or before NoOrder to fee

eny Tuftice of the Peace by virtue of this Act, shall be ci tufted or vacated for Want of Form; and that vacated for Want

the Order of the Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions within their several Jurisdictions, shall be

final; and that no Proceedings of any such Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter Certiorari.

Sessions, in pursuance of this Act, shall be removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise.

XII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Ad/ be it further Form of Co*-

exuded, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons Ti^on*

shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in v

the following Fotm of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe mall

happen 5 (videlicet, J

€ T> E it remembered, That on the

«; JD Lord

Day of in the Year of our

, ... A. B* is convicted before me C. D. one of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the" Cities of London or Westminster, or the County of Middlesexr, ei-

4 ther on his own Confdfiqn, or on the.Qath of one Qr more credible Witness or Witnesses (as the Cafe

*shall be)% by virtue of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the

<r Third, to prevent the Mi (chiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster,

and Liberties thereof, ana the Bills of Mortality [specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where

the fame ytas committed, as the Cafe shall beJr Given under-my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above

4 written/

t XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limitation of

or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall be Actions.

brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after every such Cause of Action shall have ac-

crued, and not afterwards, and (hair be brought, laid, add tried, in the County, City, or Place, in

which such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in

such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, General Mae.

at any Trial 6r Trials which shall be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Au-

thority of this AdAnd if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit

shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid.or brought.in any other County,

City, or Place tjian where the Offence shall have been committed; then, and in any of such Cafes, the

Jury or Juries shall find for he Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-

suit, or mall discontinue his Action or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or De-

fendants therein; then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Tre- Treble Costs.

ble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or

may have for his or their Costs in any other Cafes by Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (nail continue and be in Force for the Term of three TW Afttocon-

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. tinue for thre*

, XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged/

and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without spedally pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration

of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec^ in

America.

4 XT WHEREAS certain Duties were imposed, by the Authority of Vis most Christian Majesty, upon

4 ' Wine, Rum, Brandy, Eau de Vie de Liqueur, imported into the Province of Canada, now called

4 ^he Province of Quebec, and also a Duty of three Pounds per Centum ad Valorem, upon all dry Goods

4 imported into; and exported from, the said Province, which Duties subsisted at the Time of the Sur-

4 render of the said Province to your Majesty’s Forces in the late War: And whereas it is expedient that

the said Duties should cease and be discontinued; and that in Lieu and in Stead thereof, other Duties

4 lliould be raised by the Authority of Parliament, for making a more adequate Provision for defraying

the Charge of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government in the said Pro-

4 vince;’ We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of she Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and

after the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand fever* hundred and seventy-five, all the Duties which were

«VotrXll. D d imposed

Preamble.

Certain Duties

imposed by hi*

most Christian

Majesty upon

Rum, Brandy,

&c. imported

into Quebec,

after April 5,

1775, to be dif-

