257

A.D. 1775. Annb dfecimo quinto Georgii III. C. 17, r$.

4 and where the fame, was committed, as the Cafe shall be]. Given under my Haud and Seal the Day and

* Year aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made, Dlftrefi not un.

or any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed ,afwful want

unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on ofForm*

account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other

Proceedings relating thereto; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may

recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XLV. Provided always. That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved fcrfons thmk-

by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or by the Order or Determination ing ther®fclve»

of any of the said Commissioners, or by any other Order, Act, Matter, or Thing, done or executed in Jpp”aYto

pursuance of this Act, may, within six Calendar Months after such Order, Matter, or Thing, shall have quarter Session*.

been made, done, or executed, and Notice given, complain to the Justices of the Peace, at their General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of Stafford* who, if they fee’Cause, may

mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied

in pursuance of such Order or Determination, and may order such further Satisfaction to be made to the

Party or Parties injured, as they shall think reasonable.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifany Action, Suit, or Information, Limitation of

shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in Actions.

Eurfuance of tnis Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions,

erein before given or granted, every Suit or Information shall be brought or commenced within fix Ca-

lendar Months next after the Fast committed, or, in case there (Kail be a Continuation of Damages,

then within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall cease, and not

afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not

elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iflu£, Geaetal Iflbe*

and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done,

or if any Action, Suit, or Inforniation, (hall1 be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the fame,

or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid^ then, and in such Cafe, the Jury shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or (uffer a

DiscontinuanCe of his, her, or their Aftiort, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants

shall have appeared; or if a.Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants Double Co its*

hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in Pubiick a a.

all Courts whatsoever as a Pubiick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby re-

quired to take Notice 6f it as such, without specially pleading the same.

GAP. XVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to

indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions

have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid ;

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped ; and to give further Time to such Per-

fons as have^omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies

and Solicitors. Further Time given for these Purposes* to t$tb December, 1776.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of Newjerfey, Penfyhatiia,

Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland* and the British I (lands

in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

* TI 7 H E R E AS by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in- Preamble.

4 VV tituled. An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation'* and by several Claofe in A&

4 subsequent Acts of Parliament, which are now in Force, it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That i»Oar. n. it.

* for every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enumerated, at cilcd*

4 any British Plantation, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof. Bonds shall be given,

4 with one Surety, to the Value of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred

4 Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of-greater Burthen, that the fame Com-

4 modities. shall be brought by such Ship or Vessel to some other British Plantation, or to some Port in

4 Great Britain: And whereas, by several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, no Com-

4 modities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of Europe (except Salt for the Fisheries, Wines of

4 the Madeiras and Azores and IVejlern islands, and Victual and Linen Cloth from Ireland, under the Re-

4 (Iriftions in such Acts particularly mentioned), can be imported into any Plantation, Colony, Terri-

tory, or Place, belonging to his Majesty, in Asia* Africa, or America* but what shall be bona fide* and

4 without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence: And whereas,

Vol. Xil. LI 4 during

