637

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 65,

“ Boundary of the Alderlott. Boundary of the Paris. Commissioners appointed. Owners of more than

44 two Parts or Alderlots may appoint a Deputy for every two over and above. First Meeting of Com*

44 missioners. Annual Meetings to be held. Owners of Lands to be assess'ed 20/. an Acre every Year for

44 the first four Years. Application of the Money. Tax payable half-yearly. Owners may pay the

44 Tax for four Years at one Payment, (Ac. Tenants for Life may borrow Money for paying the Taxes \

44 and mortgage the Lands for Security. After the first four Years, Rates not to exceed 6r. an Acre.

44 Application of the Rates. Commissioners impowered, when the Rates shall be reduced to 6 s. an Acre,

44 to borrow 800/. ; and to assign the Rates as a Security. The Rate of 6 r. an Acre, to be continued as

44 long as any Money shall be owing. Mortgages or Affipnments to be numhered. Mortgages may be

44 transferred. Tax of or. an Acre to be chargeable with the Payment 0/ Money borrowed, (Ac. No

44 Money to be borrowed, unless five Commissioners present, (Ac. Expences of this Act how to be paid.

44 Method of recovering Rates. If Owners of Goods distrained do not replevy them within five Days,

44 they may be appraised and fold. Tenants to pay the Rates, and deduct the fame out of their Rent.

44 If Taxes are not paid within 30 Days after Demand, Defaulters to forfeit 2 d. for every Shilling in

44 Arrear, (Ac. Commissioners may take Earth from adjoining Lands, to make and maintain Banks, (Ac*

44 Commissioners may make or erect Drains, Mills, Bridges, (Ac. making Satisfaction for Damages. If

44 Parties cannot agree on the Sum, Quarter Sessions to determine the fame. Commissioners may alter

44 Banks. Mills may be erected, (Ac. Mr. Dawes and Mr. Wright, &c. to be repaid what Money they

44 have advanced, fio Tax to be paid for High Lands. Method of determining what are High Lands.

44 Owqers of Land within the Alderlots having no Mill, to drain by the Mills of the adjoining Lands, (Ac.

44 Penalty of damaging Banks, Mills, (Ac. Penalty on damaging Drains, Wa*ercoui/G$.Bridges, (Ac.

44 Penalty on carftefly setting fire to Banks in burning Fen Lands. Penalty on cutting Turfs within

44 certain Distance from the Banks ; or making Watering-places* or Soak-dykes, (Ac. Forfeitures to

44 be paid to the Treasurer, or levied by Distress, (Ac. No Buildings, (Ac. to he erected, or Tree3

44 planted, within a certain Distance from the Banks. Penalties.. Penalty on neglecting to scour Dykes,

44 and to make them of proper Depths, (Ac. Penalty on digging Turf, without having purchased off the

44 Taxes, (Ac. Mills and Engines to be infused against Fire. Commissioners may appoint Officers ; and

44 allow them Salaries. Officers to give Security. Inspection to be had annually of Receipts and Dif-

44 burfements. Treasurer, (Ac. to attend with proper Accounts. Accounts, when passed, to be entered

44 in two Books, (Ac. Officers to account upon Oath. If Officers refuse to account or to deliver Books,

44 (Ac. they may be committed. Proceedings to be entered in a Book, (Ac. No Order to be reversed, un~

44 less a Majority consent thereto, (Ac. Commissioners who are Justices may act as such except where they

44 shall be interfiled. Five Commissioners may hold a Meeting, (Ac. Proceedings not to be removed by

44 Certiorari, &c. Where Plaintiff recovers,>to be paid full Cods. Plaintiff {hall not recover after Ten-

44 der of Amends has been made. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.; Persons

44 aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions; whose Determination shall be final. Proceeding* not to

44 be quashed for want of Form* Actions may be brought in the Names of the Commissioners, or

44 their Treasurer, (Ac. Writings exempted from Stamp Duties. Five Commissioners, where no par-

44 ticular Number is appointed, may execute this Act. Penalty on Persons acting.as Commissioners net

44 being qualified. Three Days Notice to be given of Meetings. How Justices to proceed for Conviction

44 of Offenders. Rights of the Corporation of Bedford Levels reserved. General Saving of Rights, except

44 with respect to imbanking* (Ac.”

CAP. LXV.

An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow within the Liberty

of Garenton, in the County of Leicester\ and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal

from thence, near or up, and into The Rujhes, at Loughborough, in the said County.

44 Former Act, 6 Geo. III. c. 94, recited. Former Act, in Part, repealed. Names of the Undertakers for

44 making the Navigation; who are united into a Company, and incorporated. Company may purchase

44 Lands. General Powers of the Company : They may make new Trenches, (Ac. ; build Dams, Locks,

44 Bridges, (Ac.; make or alter Ways and Passages; dig Clay, Gravel, (Ac.; make Towing-paths, Banks,

44 (Ac.; and contract with any Persons for necefl'ary Works in the Execution of this Act. rowers of the

44 former Act extended to this Act, except where repealed, (Ac. Company to provide Watering-places ‘

4* for Cattle; and to make Arches, Drains, (Ac. where necessary. Lands may be entered to take Surveys,

44 (Ac• making Satisfaction for Damages. Bodies Politic, (Ac► impowered to sell and convey Lands, (Ac.

44 Where Lands are separated, so as to render Occupation inconvenient, the Remainder may be fold or

4< exchanged, with Consent of the Commissioners. Bodies Politic, (Ac. indemnified for what they shall

44 do by virtue of this Act. Contrafts to be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace. Copyhold Rights to be

44 preserved. Commissioners appointed ; who are to determine all Differences between Company of P/o-

44 prietors, and Owners of Lands, Mills, (Ac. In case Parties refuse to submit to the Determination of

44 the Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied therewith, (Ac. the Commissioners shall cause the Matters

44 to be inquired into by a Jury. Jurymen may be challenged, and Witnessea examined. Jury to afeer-

44 tain the Sums to be paid for Lands, (Ac. Value of Lands, (Ac. and Damages sustained, to be separated

44 in Verdicts. Company to proceed with the Canal, where Land-owners refuse the Recompence offered j.

44 who may apply to Commissioners, (Ac. Penalty on Sheriff, Coroner, (Ac. for Neglect of Duty. The

44 Expence of Jury, (Ac. by whom to be borne. Persons requesting a Jury, to enter into Bond to prose-

44 cute. Commissioners not obliged to take Notice of Complaints till Application has been made to the

44 Company, (Ac. Penalty on Persons giving false Evidence. On Payment or Tender of Purchase-money,

44 or Compensation, Premises to be veiled in the Company; and may be immediately used for the Navi*

4 44 gation^

