3*5

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 35, 36.

of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second are directed to be levied,

collected, paid, and applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August

next, it shall and may be lawful to import, into any Part of Great Britain, from Ireland, all Rape Cakes,

or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, Duty-free.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom for a limited

Time.

€ \\7 HERE AS it would tend greatly to encourage and improve the Manufacture of red, green, and

‘ VV^ blue Leather in this Kingdom, if the Importation of raw and undressed Goat Skins Duty-free was

4 permitted for a limited Time;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame,.That from and after the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, it

shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import and bring into this Kingdom, in British•

built Ships or Vessels, navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place whatsoever, any Goat Skins raw

or undressed, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty whatsoever for the fame, for the Space

of five Years from the said twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or at

any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, any Law, Custom, or Usage to

the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That due Entry shall

be made of all such Goat Skins at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the fame shall be im-.

ported, in such Manner and Form as was used and pra<fti(ed before the making of this Act ; and such

Goat Skins shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for

that Purpose; and if any Person or Persons, upon the Importation of such Goat Skins, shall not observe

and perform the said Rules and Regulations herein-before mentioned, every such Person shall be liable to

Eay such and the fame Duties as such Goat Skins would have been subject and liable to if this A St had not

ten made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

Rape Cakes for

Manure may be

imported from

Ireland Duty-

free,

Preamble;

After June 10,

17751 caw Goats

Skins may be

imported from

any Place into

this Kingdom

Duty-free for 5

Year*.

Due Entry of all

• such Goat Skins

to be made at tbs

Custom-house ;

and on Default,

to be liable to

former Duties,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his War-

rants to make out New Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room

of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament; and for enabling the Speaker

of the House of Commons to make out New Writs for the Choice of Members to serve

in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall during the Recess of Parliament

become Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament •, and for suspending the

Execution of the said Act with respect to the Borough of Shafte/bury, in the County of

Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

* \WHERE AS by an Act, passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

4 Vy to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out New Writs for the

4 Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Par-

4 liament, the Speaker of the House of Commons is required to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the

* Crown to make out new Writs in the Room of Members who die during a Recess of Parliament for more

* than twenty Days, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, the Deaths of such Members having been

4 certified in Writing to him under the Hands of two Members of the House of Commons, and fourteen

* Days Notice being first given by the Speaker of the House of Commons thereof, and of his Intentions

* to issue such Warrants, by inferring such Notice in the London Gazette: And whereas Inconveniencies

4 might arise if such Notice should be inserted in the London Gazette, and such Warrant should be issued

4 by the Speaker of the House of Commons, in the Cafe of the Death of a Member, which shall not be

* certified to the Speaker of the House of Commons so long before the actual Meeting of the House of

4 Commons for the Dispatch of Business as that the said Notice may be inserted, and the fourteen Days ex-

4 pire, before the said Meeting of the House of Commons ; or in the Cafe of the Death]of a Member against

4 whose Election or Return a Petition had been presented to the House of Commons, and was depending

4 at the Time of such Prorogation or Adjournment For preventing the fame, be it declared and enaftea

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That nothing in the said Act contained extends, or shall be construed to extend, to require the Speaker

of the House of Commons to insert Notice in the London Gazette, or issue his Warrant to make out

a new Writ in the Room of any Member deceased, whose Death shall not be duly certified to the

Speaker of the House of Commons so long before the actual Meeting of the House of Commons for

the Dispatch of Business as that the Speaker of the House of Commons may be able to insert Notice there-

of, and of his Intention to issue such Warrant, fourteen Days at the lead before such Meeting of the

S f a House

Preamble.

Act 10 Geo. lit.

rccued.

Explanation of

said Act with

respect to the

issuing of Writ*

for Members to

serve in Parlia-

ment.

