438

Regidori in

Court* of Admi-

ralty Hull enter

all Letter* of

Attorney exhi-

bited by Agents,

Arc. witliix* 14

Days-,

xnd de’.irer Co-

pies thereof

twice in every

Year to the

Treasurer, &c.

-or forfeit ico L

Registers of Ad-

miralty Courts to

make out yearly

Lifts of all Let-

ters of Attorney

tegiftered there,

and transmit

thus to the

Treafutcr of

Greenwich Ho-

fpilal.

on Penalty of

5001.

True Copies of

Letters of Attor-

ney, Sec. shall

be sufficient E-

•vidence of the

Agency of the

Per fens to whom

they are made*

Agents not liable

to be surd by any

Per (on who shall

be made run

from hi* Maje-

fty*s Service in

the Lifts of Offi-

cers, Seamen,

Ac. unless he

produce a Certi-

ficate of his R

being taken off.

Pro rife#

Thit Act not to

extend to Vessels

which shall have

failed for Great

Britain or Ire-

land, from the

Weft Indie*, on

or befo-c March

I, 1776, Sec.

C. 5.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii ill. A.D. 1776.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of his Ma-

jesty’s High Court of Admiralty, and all other Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, shall, from Time to

Time, duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in one or more Book or Books, to behy

him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited by any Agent or

Agents for any Prize or Prizes which shall be taken by any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War*

within fourteen Days after the fame shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers, at his

or their respective Offices; which Registry shall contain the Day of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the

Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, toge-

ther with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken; and the said

Register or Registers shall, on the twenty-sixth Day of March* and the thirtieth Day of September, or

within forty Days thereafter, in every. Year, transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital,

or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript, under his or

their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid, within the preceding Half-year; and if such Re-

gifter or Registers shall neglect or refuse to make and keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such

■Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited for that Purpose, he or they

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection,

Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Impailance, shall be allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of all and

every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty’s Dominions, mall yearly and every Year,

upon the twenty-third Day of October, or within three Calendar Months next after the fame, make out

and transcribe true Copies of all and every stich Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in

the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their

Seal of Office ; and then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the fame to the Treasurer of the said

Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person gratis, the Charges

of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the fame to the Treasurer of the

said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid ;

and in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies

of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid (any Ship or Ships in that Time failing

from such Port or Place to any Port or Place in Great Britain)* such Register and Registers so neglecting

or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for

the fame, -by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or

in any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, in whith no Essoin, Piote&ion, Privilege, or Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

4 XXXII. And for the more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of ti e

4 Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be made,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That true Copies of such Letter and Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts under Seal, transmiited by

the said Register or Registers of \he Court and Courts of Vice-admiralty within any of his Majesty’s Do-

minions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall, from l ime to Time, and at all

Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such

Letters of Attorney is or shall be made; and from Time to Time* and at all Times hereafter, shall be

admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all his Majesty’s Courts of

Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise not with -

(landing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes

shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or arrested, by any Person or Persons who shall be made run from

his Majesty’s Service, in the Lifts to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines,

Soldiers, or others, who shall be actually on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, at the taking of

any Prize or Prizes, until the End of three Months next after the Expiration of three Years, limited by

this A& for the claiming of Prizes, unless the Person or Persons so made run shall, before any Action

brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R or Rs being taken off, and the Forfeitu e of his or their

Share of such Prizes being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy who subscribed the said

Lifts, and shall produce such Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the said Agent

or Agents, on the producing of such Certificate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize-money

(in case the fame be due and payable, according to the Directions in his Majesty’s Declaration) within

two Months after any such Demand made, and such Certificate produced.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to retrain his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions to his respective Courts of

Admiralty and Vice-admiralty, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their

Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

XxXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel the Property of any Person

or Persons residing in the said Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode IJiand, Connecticut*

New York, New jersey* Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia* Nsrth

Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, or any or either of them, which shall have failed for Great Britain

or Ireland, from any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, on or before the first Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and (eventy-six, laden with any Goods or Commodities which before

the passing of this Act might be so lawfully transported and carried in such Ship or Vessel; nor to any Ship

or Vefl'el the Property of any Person or Persons residing in the said Colonies of New Hampshire, Majla~

thufefs

