A.D. 1774;

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III, C. 73* • 135

CAP. Lxxm.

An Act to extend so much of an Att, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to

every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising

from Low Wines and Spirits ; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the

Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect to the Duties on Soap imported and used

in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Preamble.

An At1 for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respett to Tea^ Act 12 Geo. 3.

4 Soap, Low Jlrmesy and Spirits^ it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Stills and Utensils of recited*

4 Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain should be secured by Locks and

4 Faftenings, as in and by the said recited Act is provided 5 which Provision has been found advantageous

4 to the fair Trader and the Revenue, and the extending the like Powers and Regulations to all Distillers

4 of Low Wines and Spirits for Sale, from whatever Materials such Low Wines and Spirits {hall or may

4 be drawn, is likely to produce the fame good EffeCl;* be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the After Jund^

twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said recited Act, and 1774,10 far as

every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, so far as relates to Distillers and Makers of Low D^*

Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain (other than such as are hereby altered, amended, or enlarged), win”thereby

shall be, and are hereby re-enacted and declared to extend to all and every Distiller and Maker of Low re-enacted.

Wines and Spirits, Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits, from whatsoever Material or Materials, Pre-

paration or Preparations, the fame Low Wines or Spirits shall be extracted, drawn, made, reClified,.

or compounded.

4 II. And, for the better remedying the Evils which the said recited Act was intended to prevent, After June 14,•

4 and for rendering the Provisions thereof more effectual,’ be it further enacted by the Authority tVKi-their'1*'

aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and Stills of the DU

seventy-four, no Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale shall have in his, her, or their mer.fmns men-

Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons, in Trust, or for the > vu.

Use or Benefit of him, her, or them, any Still or Stills but of the Content herein-after mentioned ; that Still to

is to say. Every Still for distilling any Sort of fermented Worts or Waft, and commonly called The IVaJl) c>main4co

Sti/!9 shall contain at least four hundred Gallons in the Body of such Still, exclusive of the Head, ai>d GA*lons>

every Still for distilling Low Wines, and commonly called The Low IVine Still, shall contain in the Body Low wine Still '

thereof, and exclusive of the Head, at least one hundred Gallons, on Pain to forfeit, for every Still con- 100 Gallon?, on

taining respectively a less Number of Gallons than as above mentioned, the Sum of one hundred ^altyoficol.

Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distiller and Maker of Low EM'l!er?to

Wires and Spirits for Sale, and every ReOifier and Compounder of Spirits, shall, on or before the said o^ni^s1?°the

twenty-fourth Day of func> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and every Person who fha!! rf^fto^tiieir

thereafter so distil or make Low Wines or Spirits, or shall reCIify or compound Spirits, (lull, before he, s-ii s f.-r thtUfc

she, or they, begin so to distil, rectify, or compound, make, or cause to be made (with the Approbation 01 Gaugers*

of the respeClive Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, of the District or Division in which their Workhouses

are or may be situate), in the Breast of every Still by him, her, or them, used, a Hole or Opening, to

the Intent that the Gaugers and Officers of Excise may take Gauges and Samples at the Time, and in the

Manner, herein-after directed ; which Hole or Opening in the Wash Still shall not be more than five "hion ft-II nde

Inches square, and so contrived, that the Officers of Excise may take a Gauge or Gauges thereof with a

Cork and Rule, and in every other Still, not being a Waft Still, the Hole or Opening shall not be less a \vJh Sti/l,

than one Inch and half an Inch in Diameter, and so contrived that the Officers may take a Sample or &c.

Samples from the Still with a Phial, to be drawn perpendicularly through the fame ; and the said Holes

or Openings shall be locked and secured in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and under the Rfgn*

Penalties, as by the said recited Act are directed for securing the Still Heads, and other Conveyances Janon»ofia

thereinto, of Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain. co# 3#

4 IV. And, the more effectually to prevent Distillers, Rectifiers, and Compounders, from working in Di fillers to a fine-'

4 the Absence of the Officers of Excise,* be it further cnadied by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat from fofiiciem Leeks,

and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June*, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, every ^* Doors* *7"

Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale, Rectifiers and Compounders, shall, at his, her, or £. °°rl 0

their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, sufficient Locks, Keys, and battenings (to he approved of

in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division

orDiftrift in which such Distiller or Maker cf Low Wines or Spirits shall respectively reside), to the Fur-

nace Door of each and every Still respectively by him, her, or them, used ; and the Officers of Excise

dull be permitted to lock and secure the said Furnace Doors of each and every Still respectively, under * c

their Survey, at any Time when such Stills are not at work ; and whenever such Distiller or Maker of and attend to*

Low Wines or Spirits shall be desirous to light a Fire under such Still or Stills, and to hive the said Fur- opcnUumr-

race Doors ripened, and shall have given Notice in Manner as herein-after is directed * then, and in every

such. Cafe, the Officers of Excise shall attend to open the fame.

V. And

