5 56

Ttiur Order to

be final.

Limitation of

AlUons.

G-nrral Woe.

Treble Cofli.

Public AH.

Preamble.

AO 13 Go. Ill,

reciteU.

C«*rta*n Quanti-

ties of W heat,

Bifid, Arc. al-

lowed to be ex-

ported from

London, Bristol,

Liver po le, and

Clafgow.

Certain Qnan-

titiea of Biscuit

and Peife al-

lowed to be ex-

ported to New-

loundland, &c.

for the Benefit of

the Fishery, from

the Ports herein

after mentioned.

C. 37. Anno decimo sexto Georgii Ilf. A. D. ^1776.

to the common Gaol or Prison for the said Borough of Saint Ivesy there to remain and be kept to hard

Labour for the Space of six Calendar Months, unless the Money, which shall be adjudged to be forfeited,

as well as the Costs ordered to be paid, shall be foonet paid ; and such Order of such JuTlices, at their Ge-

neral or Quarter Sessions, shall be final, and shall not be removeable by Certiorari or otherwise.

XLVII. Provided likewise, and be it also enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Personsfor any Thing done in pursuance of this AS, every such Action or Suit shall

be brought within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or

brought in the County, City, or Place, in which such Offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere;

and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the

General IlTue, and give this AS and the speeial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and

that the fame was done in pursuance and by.the Authority of this AS: And if it shall appear To to have

been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the fame as

aforesaid, then the Jury shall find fur the Defendant or Defendants; an i upon such Verdict, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his ASion after the Defendant or Defendants

shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the

Defendant or Defendants shall be paid Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for Recovery of the fame, as

any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have in any Cafe to recover his, her, or their Costs by Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enaSed, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public

Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Perfoas whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act For allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to

his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Heknay and to the

other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleury and

Labrador •, and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Exe-

cution his Majesty’s Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of

Wheat, and other Articles.

4 "I X WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, (Inti*

4 VV tuled. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corns) whenever the rrices of certain

4 Species of British Corn or Grain exceed the Prices therein limited, the Exportation thereof from this

* Kingdom.is prohibited under certain Penalties in the said Act mentioned, except in particular Cafes al-

4 lowed by that and several subsequent Acts of Parliament: And whereas certain Quantities of Wheat,

4 Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, which were allowed to be exported to the British Sugar Colonies in

4 America, for the Snftenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, and certain Quantities of

4 Biscuit and Pease allowed to be exported to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British

4 Fishery there, by two several Acts of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

4 sent Majesty, the one intituled. An An to allovj the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to his

4 Majestys Sugar Colonies in America ; and to extend the rroviftom of an An, made in the la ft Session of Par-

4 liament, (intituled, 44 An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,”) allowing the Ex-

4 portation of fVheaty Mealy Floury Rve9 Barley, or Malt% to the Islands of Guernsey and Terfey, to Breads

* Biscuit and Pease \ and to allow the Exportation of all the said A> tides to the Island of Alderney ; and the

4 other intituled, An An to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of

4 Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the Britishi Fishery there; have been rendered insufficient by the Inter-

4 ruption which has been given to Trade, and the Troubles and Disturbances which are still subsisting in

4 many of the Colonies in North America, and the Inhabitants of the said Sugar Colonies, and the British

4 Subjects carrying on the Fishery at Newfoundlandy and at other Parts in Americi7, may be put under

* great Difficulties and Distress at this Time, without farther Supplies from this Kingdom May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of

this Act, it shall and may be lawful to (nip and export, from the Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpoole9 and

Glofgow only, any Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal; that is to say. Not

exceeding in the Whole, from the Port of London, fifty thousand Quarters; from the Port of Bristol

twenty thousand Quarters ; from the Port of Liverpoole9 twenty thousand Quarters; and from the Port of

Port Glasgow9 ten thousand Quarters ; at any Time or Times before the First: Day of January one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-seven, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Americay for the Sustenance and

Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies: And that it (nail and may be lawful to ship and export Bif-

cuit and Pease, out of and from the several Ports in this Kingdom herein after mentioned, to the several

Places herein after named, for the Benefit of the British Fiftiery carried on in those Parts, so as the fame

do not exceed the several Quantities respectively limited to those Places, any Thing in the said recited Acts,

or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say)

From the Port of London,

To the Island of Newfoundland, two hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of

Pease.—To Nova Scolia> two hundfed Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Bay

Chaleur,

Ljooooie

