»3 7

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 73-

Cafe, and he is hereby required and directed to charge filth Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits

with double the Duty from the presumptive Charge; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or

Spirits shall pay such double Duty accordingly; and no Allowance shall be made to any such Distiller or and no A1W-

Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, for any beints. Water, or other Liquor whatsoever, on any Pretence *nce for

put into such Wash Still or Waft Stills, but such as shall have been put into such Still or Stills in the *c- tot*mi «t

Sight and View of the proper Officer of Excise. aMI.

View oT the Officer.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Officer of Excise shall at any Time discover, at the Still- ifthcOfficerdlf-

house of any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Reftifier or Compounder, in any Still or i.nan|'

Stills, other than the known Waft Stills, any Waft put into or mixed* with the Low Wines or Spirits St‘Jl?

in such Still or Stills, every such Distiller or Maker, Reftifier or Compounder, shall, for every such Of- stiH, Waih n»x-

fence, forfeit one hundred Pounds. t ed with Low

Wines, Sec, the Distiller to pay 1001.

4 XL And whereas it may frequently happen, that Notices given under the Directions of this and of HowtheOffker

the above-recited Act may be given by more than one Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, may ^hm

Rectifier or Compounder, in the fame Division or District, and each of those Notices may express’the faftie [cve?‘

4 Hour or Time for the Officer of Excise to attend for the Purposes of the said Act, whereby the Officers

maybe greatly haraftedbe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Officer of Ex-

cife shall attend at the Workhouse of any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Reftifier or Com-

pounder of Spirits, according to the Notice, or within one Hour after the particular Hour or Time men-

tioned in any such Notice, it shall be fofficient.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if by any Means, Device, or Contrivance

whatsoever, any Person stall open any Furnace Door, Discharge Cock, or any Fattening on the Holes or

Openings in the Breads of any Still Or Stills, after the fame shall have been locked or secured by the

Officer of Excise; or shall wilfully hurt or damage any Lock, or other Fattening; every such Person

shall, for every such Offence respectjvely, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

obstruct, hinder, or oppose any of the said Officers, in the Execution of the Powers given to him by this

Act, the Person or Persons offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hun-

dred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

iroposed by this Act, shall be fufcd for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws

of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty s Courts of Record

at Westminster% or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Pe-

nalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or

them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

4 XV. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne% it was enacted,

€ That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for

and upon all Soap which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, should

4 be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain^ over and above all former Customs or Subsidies, the

€ Sum of Two pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and for and upon all Soap which, during the

said Term should be made within the said Kingdom, the Surti of one Penny for every such Pound Weight

4 Avoirdupois: And whereas by one other Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late

Majesty, it was enacted, That the further Duty of one Penny, for and upon every Pound Weight

4 Avoirdupois of such Soap so to be imported or brought into this Kingdom, and the further Duty of

4 one Halfpenny for every such Pound Weight of Soap to be made in the said Kingdom, should be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, for the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the Time therein

4 mentioned: And whereas by the said hrft-rfccited Act, it being judged reasonable to give an Ease qr

4 Encouragement to Persons employed in making or finishing Woollen Manufactures, it was therefore

further enacted, That there should be paid to the said Manufacturers so much as one-third Part of the

4 Duty granted by the said Act, for all Soap employed, spent, and consumed, in the making, finishing,

or preparing any Manufacture of Sheep or Lambs Wool, upon Proof thereof made, as in and by the

4 said Act is directed and required: And whereas by the said recited Act of the twelfth of her said late

Majesty, it was provided and enacted, That durinv the Continuance of the Duties on Soap by that Act

4 grantee, there should be paid to all Persons who mould employ, spend, or consume, any Quantity of

4 Soap in any Manufacture of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part

4 of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, of irt Whittning of new Linen in the Piece, upon Proof

4 thereof, as in and by the said last recited Act is directed, so much as the whole Duties by the said Act

4 granted: And whereas the said several above recited Acts, and the Duties, Allowances, and Payments

4 thereby granted and given, have been made perpetual: And whereas great Quantities of British-made

4 Soap have of late beeh sold to the said Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, as and for Foreign Soap

4 imported into this Kingdom, and such Manufacturers having employed, spent, and consumed the said

4 Soap so pqrchafed in the Manufacture of Wool and Linen, have applied to the proper Officers of Ex-

4 cife in their several Collections and DistriftS for the Allowance by the said several Statutes granted, and

4 have claimed Payment of the Duties as for Soap imported', whereby the Revenue has been-grea^y

lessened For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, there shall be paid to every

such Manufacturer of Wool or Linen, as aforesaid, for all Soap employed, spent, or consumed, by him,

VoL*XII. T her,

Any Per fort

opening Furnace

*Dooft, Discharge

Cocks, See, after

being fattened

by the Officer,

forfeits soo 1.

Persons obstruct.

ing Officers for*

feit tool*

Fines, Forfei-

tures, Sec, how

to be fuel for,

and how to bt

applied.

Act io Aon*

recited, vela ting

to Importation

and making of

Soap.

Act it Ann*

recited, respect-

ing Manufactur*

ets who make

use of Soap,

After 24. Jure,

1774*-h» re shall

be ph! to every

Miimiawturer of

