59*

Lands, Sec. in

Scotland, al-

though their

Fathers or Mo-

thers, Sec. un-

der whom they

make their

Title, were

Aliens.

No Person to

inherit aft Heir

to any Perfnn

dying possessed

of Manors,

Lane?, &c.

through any

Alien Ancestor,

unless the

Claimant was

in being at the

Time of such

Person’s Death.

Regulations

with regard to

the Succefiion,

when the De-

scent fljall fall

upon a Daugh-

ter, and a Son,

&c. shall after-

wards be born.

Preamble.

Recital of the

former At\9 II

Cco. HI.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

and Titles by Descent from any of their Ancestors, Lineal or Collateral, although the Father and Mother,

or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor of such Person or Persons, by, from, through, or under whom

he, (he, or they shall or may make or derive their Title or Pedigree, were or wa9, or is or are, or shall

be, born out of the KingYAllegiance, and out of his Majesty’s Realms and Dominions, as freely, fully*

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Father or Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other

Ancestor or Ancestors, by, from, through, or under whom he, (he, or they shall or may make or de-

rive their Title or Pedigree, had been naturalized or natural-born Subject or Subjects within the King's

Dominions; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

If. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be hereby enabled to

inherit as Heir or Heirs, or Co-heir or Co-heirs, to any Person dying seised of any Manors, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, in Possession, Reverfton, or Remainder, through any Alien, Ancestor or An-

ceftors, unless the Person or Persons so claiming or deriving his or their Title as Heir or Heirs, Co-heir

or Co-heirs, was or were, or shall be in being, and capable to take the fame Estate as Heir or Heirs, Co«*

heir or Co-heirs, at the Death of the Person who shall so last die seised of such Manors, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, and to whom he, (he, or they shall so claim to be Heir or Heirs, Co-heir or

Co-heirs.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in case the Person or Persons who shall be in being,

and capable to take, at the Death of the Ancestor so dying seised of any such Honours, Manors, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and upon whom the Descent shall be cart, shall happen to be a Daughter

or Daughters of any Alien, and that the Alien Father or Mother, through whom such Descent shall be

derived by such Daughter or Daughters, shall afterwards have a Son born wkhin any of his Majesty Y

Realms or Dominions, the Descent so cast upon such Daughter or Daughters shall be diverted in Favour

of such Son, and such Son shall inherit and take the Estate, in like Manner as is allowed by the Common

Law in Cafes of the Birth of a nearer Heir; or in case such Father or Mother shall have no Son or Sons,

but shall have one or more Daughter or Daughters afterwards born within any of his Majesty's Realms or

Dominions, the Daughter or Daughters so born afterwards shall inherit and take in Coparcenary with the

Daughter or Daughters upon whorrv the Descent shall be cast at the Death, of the Ancestor last seised y

any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

CAP. LIIL

An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight*

and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now veiled in the said Corporation, and to

provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the fame y and to repeal an

Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An. Act

for establishing a House or Houses of Indnftry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Mainte-

nance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the

said Island.

4 \\T HERE AS by an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

* VV An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Indujlry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception* Main-

4 tenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Pari foes and Places within the said Ijland\ all

* and every the Person and Persons qualified as therein is mentioned were incorporated, by the Name of

4 The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight \ and the said Guardians were thereby required to

* meet at a certain Time and Place therein mentioned, and being so assembled, to proceed in the Manner

* therein directed, by Way of Ballot, to the Choice of twenty-four of the Guardians, which twenty-fou*

4 Persons so chosen should be called Dire ft or s of the Poor within the Isle of [tight: And whereas it was

4 thereby enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Directors (until the acting

4 Guardians therein directed to be chosen should be chosen) and for the said Directors and acting Guar-

4 dians (after the said acting Guardians should be chosen) from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum o»

4 Sums for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds,

* at an Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and to assign over, in the Manner

4 therein mentioned, all or any Part of the Poor’s Rates, to be collected within the said Isle of JVight in

4 pursuance of the said Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so

4 to be borrowed : And, in order that the Sum.to be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act might be

4 the less burthensome, it was enacted, That the several Workhouses then belonging to the several and

* respectivq Parishes in the Ife of Wight aforesaid, together with the Lands thereunto belonging, should

4 be verted, and the fame were thereby verted, in Sir ‘John Barrington of Swain/lon in the said JJle of Wight

4 Baronet. Sir Richard Worfey of Appuldurcombe in the said Ife of Wight Baronet, and Sir William Oglan-

4 der of Jfunwell in the said ljle of Wight Baronet, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust, that

4 they the said Sir John Barrington, Sir Richard Worfey, and Sir William Odander, and their Heirs, should

4 sell and convey the said several and respective Houses and Lands to such Person or Persons as should be

4 willing to purchase the fame, and should pay the Monies arising by such Sale or Sales into the Hands of

4 the ’I reafurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, to be applied for defraying the Expences of ob-

4 taining and other the Purposes of the said Act ; most of which said several Houses and Lands have been

4 since fold and conveyed accordingly : And by the said Act his Majesty was enabled to make a Grant,

4 under the Exchequer Seal, of such Part or Portion of the Forest of Parkhurst, in the said Ife of Wight,

4 (of which Forest his said Majesty is in the said Act mentioned to be seised in Right of his Crown) as his

4 said

DigitizecM^y

