)

A.D. 1775, Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 10.

dtice to the Commander of any of bit Majesty’s Ships of War, stationed for the Protection and Superin*

tendence of the British Fisheries in America, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or

Commander in Chief, of any of the Colonies or Plantations of Quebec, Newfoundland, Saint John, Nova

Scotia, New York, Newjerfey, Pennfyhania, Maryland, Virginia, worth Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,

Bast Florida, Weft Florida, Bahamas. and Bermudas, Setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel, expressing

her Name, and the Name of her Matter, and describing her Built and Burthen, hath fitted and cleared

out, from some one of the said Colonies or Plantations, in order to proceed upon the said Fishery, and

that (be actually and bona fide belongs to and is the whole and entire Property of his Majesty's Subjects,

Inhabitants of the said Colony or Plantation; which Certificates such Governors, or Commanders in Chief

respectively, are hereby authorised and required to grant.

VIII. And to the End that the foregoing Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations, may be more

c effectually carried into Execution,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority afore said. That it shall

and may be lawful to and for all or any of the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War. fta-

tioned and appointed for the Regulation and Protection of the British Fishery upon the Coasts of North

America, or to and for the Commanders of any other of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed at Sea,

and they and every of them are hereby required and enjoined to examine, search, and visit all Ships and

Vessels suspected to be carrying on the said Fisheries} and to seize, arrest, and prosecute, in Manner

herein after direcded, all and every such Ships and Vessels as shall be found to be carrying on the said

Fisheries, not belonging to and fitted out from Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man, which shall not have on Board the Certificate herein before required.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower any Officer of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or

of his Majesty’s Customs, to seize any Ship or Vessel which shall be fitted and cleared out from anyjaf the

said Colonies and Provinces before the first Day of 7une one thousand seven hundred and seventy-hve, for

the Whale Fishery only, and which shall be found carrying on such Fishery within the Limits aforesaid,

between the said first Day of June and the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

five, and not carrying on, nor having on Board any Materials for canning on, any other Fishery.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, respecting

the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects jn North America, shall a(Fe&, or be construed to affect,

any Ship or Vessel, her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, or Fish, on Board, being the

Property of any of the Inhabitants of the Island of Nantucket, employed in the Whale Fishery only, if it

shall appear by the Papers on Board, that such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out from thence before

the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or if the Matter, or other Person having

the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal

of the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, setting forth, that such

Ship or Vessel (expressing her Name, and the Name of her Matter, and describing her Built and Bur-

then) is the whole and entire Property of his Majesty’s Subjects of the said Island of Nantucket, and was

the Property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year one thou*

(and seven hundred and seventy-five, and that (he was cleared out with Materials on Board in order to

proceed upon the Whale Fishery only; any Thing in this A& to the contrary thereof in any wise not*

withstanding.

XI. Provided also^ and be it enacted by the Authority^aforesaid. That nothing in this A& contained,

respecting thq Fishenes carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects in North America? shall extend, or be con*

(trued to extend, jto any Sniper Vessel, beiiuf the Promrty of any of the Inhabitants of the Townships of

Marshfield and Scituate, in^the Province of Massachufets Bay, employed in or carrying on the Mackarel,

Shad,.aivd Alfewjfe Fisheries only, if the Matter, or other rerfon having the Charge of any such Ship or

Vessel, as aforesaid, shall produy a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or Com-

mander in Chief, of the Province of the MqJTacbufeds Bay, setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel (ex*

.. pressing her Name, and the Namp of her Matter, and ddfcfibing hes Built and Burthen) is the whole and

dntlre Property of his Majesty’s Subjects of the said Townships of Marjhfield and Scituate, and was the

Property of one or more of them; on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-five, which Certificate or Certificates such Governor or Commander in Chief

is hereby authorised and required to grant.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the River which emptieth itself into Pajfamacadie or

Pajfamaquadi Bay, on the Western Side, ind is commonly called and known by the Name of Saint Croix

River, be held and deemed, for all the Purposes in this A& contained, to be the Boundary between the

Provinces of AlaJ/achufefs Bay and Nova Scotia.

4 XIII. And whereas it is the Intent and Meaning of this A&, that the several Prohibitions and Re-

straints herein imposed upon the Trade and Commerce, and Fisheries, of the said Provinces and Colo-

4 nies should be discontinued and cease, so soon as the Trade and Commerce of his Majesty’s Subjects may

4 be carried on without Interruptionbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever

it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of his Majesty’s Governor or Commander in Chief, and the

Majority of the Council, in the Provinces of New Hampshire and Massachuset's Bay respectively, that Peace

and Obedience (o the Laws shall be so far rettored within the said Provinces, or either of them, that the

Trade and Commerce of his Majesty’s Suhjc&s may be carried on without Interruption within the same;

and that Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, have been freely imported into the said Provinces, or either of

them, from Great Britain, and exposed to Sale, without any Let, Hindrance, or Molestation, from or by

reason of any unlawful Combinations to prevent or obstruct the fame; and that Goods, Wares, and Mer*

chandife, have in like Manner been exported from the said Provinces, or either of them respectively. to

Great

229

tinlefs the Maf-

ten, &c. pro-

duce proper Cer-

tificates* See.

Commanders of

his Majesty's

Ships iaipower-

cS to search all

Ships carrying

on the bid Fish-

cries*

ad to feme, Arc.

fetch as Shall not

hare the Certi-

ficate before re-

quired.

This Act aot to

attend to Shipe

cleared out from

the said Colo-

nies before Tone

1, for the Whale

Fishery only j

nor to aScft

Ships belonging

to the Island of

Nantucket*

cleared out for

the Whale Fish-

ery* having a

proper Ccrtifi*

cate.

Nor any fitted

out by the

Townships of

Marshfield and

Scituate.

The giver r%w

aing ioto Paf.

famaquadi Bay

deemed the

Boundary be.

tween Mafia-

chufet's Bay and

Nora Scotia.

Whenever it

shall appear to

the Governor of

NewHampshire*

fee. that Peace

' it (b far reftorad

in any Province*

that Trade may

he carried on* be

is te notify the

feme by Proala*

marieoj

