194 C. 8$. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

®<(>e*rs who their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Wi"

weremaimea, dows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty’s Royal

■wi.. or'0 Sign Manual, as shall be iigned in that Behalf} any. Thing in this A61, or the said former A a, to the

Officertwidawi contrary notwithstanding.

fid Children, as his Majesty 4hall direct.

10 d. 3q. re-

maining in the

Exchequer on

April 5, 1774,

to be made Part

of The Aggrt*

gate Fund,

ly Ad 1*

Geo. j. 71,0001

was granted for

dffeharging

Debts on the

forfeited Estate

of the late Earl

«fCsomarty,ftc.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of twenty-three thousand

six hundred and thirty-seven Pounds eleven Shillings and Ten-pence three Farthings, remaining in the

Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, of the

two-seventh Parts of the additional Rates and Duties of Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament made in

the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges

and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended, be carried to and made Part of the Fund com-

monly called The Aggregate Fund; and that such Annuities and other Demands payable out of the said Sum,

as the growing Produce of the two-seventh Parts of the said Excise shall not be sufficient to answer, shall

be charged upon, and payable out of the said Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fundi and the Com-

missioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Trea-

surer for the Time fieingj are or is hereby impowered to authorise the Payment out of the said Fund of such

Monies as shall be necessary to make good any such Deficiency or Deficiencies.

4 XXXI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled.

tfct fcu)

3«m of 7*fcool«

Riront of the

Exchequer in

Scotland, to

make out a De-

benture to hit

Majesty’s Re-

ceiver-general

of Land Renta

Jbere, for Pay-

ment of 500!.

to Lady Anne

Mackenzie j

which De-

Mauice t ft be a.

and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy-two thousand Pounds, for paying and^lif-

4 charging the Debts claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estates which became forfeited to the Crown,

4 by the Attainder of George late Earl of Cromarty, and others: And whereas for the better and more easy

4 paying and discharging the Debts of Creditors upon the Lands and Estates of Cromarty, and others, they

4 were thereby directed and required, on or before the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven

4 hundred and seventy, to produce, or cause to be produced, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scot-

4 land, the Decree or Decrees of the Court of Session, sustaining the said Claims; and upon producing the

4 fame, the Barons of the said Court ef Exchequer were thereby impowered and required to make out De-

4 bentures or Certificates for the several Sums of Money and interest, which should appear to be due by and

under the said Decrees respectively, upon the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Land Rents, and Casual-

4 ties, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and that the said Claim or Claims should not carry any

4 further interest, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy: At)d

4 whereas Lady Anne MKenzie, Sifter to George late Earl of Cromarty, entered a Claim upon the Estate of

4 Cromarty, for the Sum of five hundred Pounds, contained in a Bond to her from the said late Earl, with

the legal interest, from the Term of Whitsunday, one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, which Inter-

4 eft (he was intifled to receive at two Terms in the Year, in which Bond there was this Condition, 44 That

4< in case (he should die unmarried, the said Sum of five hundred Pounds should return to the said late Eat),.

44 and his Heirs, succeeding to him in his Estate of Cromarty, in the same Manner as if the said Bond had

44 not been made to herAnd whereas by a Decree of the Court of Session the first Day of July, one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and fifty-six, (he was found a just and lawful Creditor of the said George late Earl oL

4 Cromarty, for the principal Sum of five hundred Pounds, and interest, from Whitsunday one thousand

4 seven hundred and forty-five, and in Time coming, till Payment, according to the Condition of the

4 Bond: And whereas the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on account of the Condition* in.

the said Bond, did not think themselves authorised to order the said Lady Anne Mackenzie Payment of the

4 said Sum of five hundred Pounds out of the seventy-two thousand Pounds voted by Parliament, for pay—

4 ing the Debts upon the forfeited Estates, (he still remaining unmarried: And whereas the said Lady Anne*

4 Mackenzie, by the said Decree, is intitled to receive the interest of the said Sum of five hundred rounds

4 yearly, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum: And whereas it may he a Doubt whether the said interest:

4 ought to be paid out of the Rents of the Estate of Cromarty, since the Annexation thereof: And whereas*

the said Sum of five hundred Pounds is lying in the Hands of the Receiver-General, without interest, by

4 which Means the said Lady Anne Mackenzie may be exposed to great Difficulties and Distress be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Barons of the

Court ef Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby impowered and required to make out the Debenture

or Certificate, under their Hands, to the Receiver-General of his Majesty’s Land Rents and Casualties, irv

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Payment of the said principal Sum of five hundred Pounds,

to*the:said Lady Anne Mackenzie, to be had and retained by her, to her own Use, notwithstanding the

Condition in the said Bond; which Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling is to be paid upon Sight, and

without Abatement, out of the Balance in the said Receiver’ll Hands, remaining* of the said Sum of seventy-

two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of forfeited Estates; and the said Debenture and<

Certificate shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Receiver of the said Sum of five hundred Pounds; and

upon such Payment, the said Estate of Cromarty shall be for ever acquitted, exonerated, and discharged^

against the said Lady Anne Mackenzie, her Heirs, Executors) and Assigns^ touching the said Claim,. and.

from all Demands whatsoever in respe&of the fame*

sufficient Discharge,

CAR

