A.D. 17^4. Arina cfecimo quarter Georg!! Ill; C. 50, 51, 5 2.

\

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, may also, at any Time or Times, by a like Order,

fend for, and inspedt the Register or Registers 10 to be kept as aforesaid ; and may summon and examine

artl or ariy of the Pferfons concerned in the Execution of this Act, as often as {hall be thought necessary

and proper; arid, in case they, or any of them, shall not obey all such Orders as aforesaid, within two

Days after the Receipt of the fame, and shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, every Person, so

offending, shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court of Chancery, Court of King’s Bench, or

Court of Common Pleas, as the Cafe shall be.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to any of ^he,pUb!ick Hospitals within this Kingdom.

4 XXXI. And whereas it is not intended by this Act to give the Keepers of any House or Houses, so

* to be licensed as aforesaid, or any other Person concerned in confining any of his Majesty’s Subjects

4 therein, any new Justification from their being able to prove that the Persons so confined have been sent,

€ there by such Direction and Advice as are required by this Act •/ be it therefore declared and enacted.

That in all Proceedings that shall be had under his Majesty’s Writ of Habeas Corpus, and in all Indidl-

ments. Informations, and Actions, that shall.be preferred and brought against any Person or Persons, for,

confining or ill-treating aijy of his Majesty’s Subjects, in any of the faieffloufes, the Parties complained,

of shall be obliged to justify their Proceedings, according to the Course of thi Common Law> in the

famie Manner as if this Act had not been made. }

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That all Penalties and Forfeitures

which shall be incurred within the said Cities of London or IVeJlmipJler, or within seven Miles of the

fame, or within the said County of Middlesex, for Offences against this Act, shall and maybe sued for

and recovered in any of the Courts of Record at W'eJ1minfiery by Adliori of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infor-

mation, by the President of the said College for the Time being, in the Name of the Treasurer belong-

ing to the said College, at any Time within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and au

such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, and are hereby directed to be paid to the said'

Treasurer; and shall be applied (except such Penalties and Forfeitures as are otherwise directed to be ap-

plied by this Act) in Manner following; (that is to say) one Moiety of all such Penalties and For-

feitures shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiely towards defraying the Expences attending the Ex-

ecution of this A&: And all Penalties and Forfeitures which (halt be incurred fof Offences against this

Act, not within the said Cities of London or lVeftminster, or within feycri Miles of the fame, Qr withiii

the said County of Middlesex, (hal) and may be sued for and recovered by Act ion b f Debt, 9ifT, Plaint,

or Information, by and in the Name of the Clerk'of the Peace for the County where any fudh Of-

fence shall be committed ; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied, one

Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety for defraying the Expences attending the Execution of

this Act, within such County.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against

any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in purftiance of this Act, the fame shall be commenced with-

in six Calendar Months next after the Fadl Committed ; and shall be laid'of brought in the County, City^

or Place, where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defen-

dants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may, at his Election, plead specially, or the Generall Issue,

Not guilty; and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon,

and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear

to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, oc

shall not have been commenced within the Time before limited for bringing the fame j that then the Jury

shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and, upon a Verdict being so found, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuiced, or discontinue his, her, or their Action pr Suit, after the Defen-

dant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hal) be given against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such

Remedy for recoveringjhe fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

XXaIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and

be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others Persons whomsoever, without

specially pleading the same.

XXX V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force

for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

95

inspeARegisteri* '

and examine

Parties.

Not to extend

to publick Hof*

pi tali.

Proceedings to

be justified in

Course of Com*

□3on Law.

Penalties and

Forfeitures fro*,

to be recovered

and applied.

Limitation of

Altiont.

General Issue.

Treble Cofl*.

Publick AH.

Continuance

of this AdL.

CAP. L.

An Act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, to renew and,

grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the

Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. LI.

An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar

School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chefier\ to enable them to make

other Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of

the said School*

CAP. LIL

An Act to enable die Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, clean fe, light,

water* and iRhflhfo the said Square ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

GAP,

