9®

Weft Side of the

River allowed to

n*ke Wk^rfs.

Drainsemptying

into the Haven

to be secured at

the End.

Regulations in

building the

Wharfe, dec.

Rroprietoi* of

Staiths to re-

move Banks,

etc. beyond 35

Feet from the

ou ermost Parti

of the Staiths.

Dow-water

Mark to be de-

termined by two

Engineers,

hi case the En-

gineers di (agree,

» Referee to be

nominated*

Fh case of the

Death or Rcfu*

£•1 to act of Mr.

Tofield, or Mr.

Crundy, ethers

to be ehofen*

Penalty on Pro-

prietors n it re-

anovine Bmk»,

Sic. bevorjd 35,

Feet D.itance

•Jt th« Staiths.

C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii IIL A. D. 1774.

4 prietor9 thereof have, for Time immemorial, landed and discharged, laden and shipped, Goods, Wares,

4 and Merchandise: And whereas it is reasonable that this Privilege should be continued to the Proprietors

4 of the said Staiths •/ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That when and as soon

as the Bason or Dock herein-after mentioned, and directed to he made, shall be fit for the Reception of

loaded Ships, and not sooner, it shall be lawful for all and every the Proprietors of the said Staiths to

build and make, at their own Expence and Charge, commodious Quays or Wharfs opposite to their said

Staiths respectively, to be erected upon Piles of Wood, and not otherwise, and to project into the Haven

of the said River Hull fifteen Feet, to be open at all Times to the Officers of his Majesty’s Revenue,

by a free and clear Communication with the common Staiths adjoining ; on which Quays or Wharfs,

when so made and erected, it shall be lawful to ship off, land, and discharge, all Goods called Sufferance

Goods; that is to say. Lead, Hemp^ Iron, Flax, Yarn, Timber, Raff, and all other Goods and Mer-

chandife whatever, which are permitted to be shipped off or landed.in the Port of London, as Sufferance

Goods, and under the like Regulations.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Common Sewers or Drains,

which shall empty themselves into the said Haven in the Length of the Quays or Wharfs above described,

shall be secured, at the End next the River, with strong Iron Bars, not more than two Inches asunder ;

any Thing above contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Quays or Wharfs shall be erected upon two Rows of Piles

only, except where the Foundation of the Ground appears to be such as to require a larger Number of

Rows, which Number shall, in case of Dispute, be settled and determined by two able dilinterested En-

gineers, to be appointed, one by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any thirteen or more of

thfcm, and the other by the Trustees of the Holderness Drainage, hereafter mentioned, or any five or

more of them; and they art hereby respectively required to appoint such Engineers accordingly, and the

Determination of such Engineers (nail be final and conclusive.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Proprietors of the said Staiths (han,

and they are hereby'required, within eighteen Calendar Months after the first Sufferance Quay or Wharf

shall have been erected or built, in pursuance of this Act, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut

through and take away, at their own Costs and Charges, all Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbi(h, be-

yond thirty-five FJet from the outermost Part of the Staiths or Warehouses already built and erected upon

the Weft Side of the Haven of the said River Hull, as low as Low-water Mark, from Thomas Walton’s

Ship Yard to Rotten Herring Staith', and also to make and preserve the Beach in such Manner that the

fame may dope or batter two Feet at least for every Foot of perpendicular Rife from the said Low-water

Mark, in the said Haven, to within fifteen Feet of the present Staiths or Warehouses, and so as that the

Level of the Ground, without the said Distance of thirty-five Feet from the present Staiths or Warehouses,

shall be equal in a Line or Height with the said Low-water Mark.

4 VII. And, In order to prevent Disputes about the Line or Heighth of the said Low-water Mark/ be

it farther enacted, That the fame shall be settled and determined, within twelve Calendar Months after

the passing of this Act, by Thomas Tofield and John Grundy, Esquire9.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Tofield and John Grundy shall not agree,

then it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to nominate some

other Engineer to be an Umpire or Referee; and the Determination of the said Thomas Tofield, John

Grundy, and the said other Engineer, or any two of them, as to the Low-water Mark in the said Haven, ibal),

within twenty Days after the fame shall have been agreed upon, be set forth, in Writing, and one Copy

thereof, signed by them, or any two of them, shall be delivered to tho Commissioners for executing this

Act, or their Clerk, and another Copy thereof to the Trustees for executing two several Acts, made in

the fourth and sixth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for draining certain Low Grounds and Carrs

ifi Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, or to their Clerk ; and the said Determination

(Hall be final and conclusive as to the Line or Height of the said Low-water Mark* '

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Tofield shall die, or refuse or neglect to act*_

then it shall and may be lawful For the said Trustees for draining the said Low Grounds and Carrs in

Holderness, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, within two Months after such

Death, Refusal, or Neglect, shall be known, to nominate and appoint one other Engineer, of known

Abilities and Reputation, and not concerned in any Office or Trust under the said Trustees, in the Room of

the said Thomas Tofield; or in case the said John Grundy shall die, or refuse or neglect to act, then It shall

and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any thirteen or more of them, and

they are hereby required, within two Months after such Death, Refafal, or Neglect, shall be known; to

nominate and appoint one other Engineer, of known Abilities and Reputation, and not concerned in

ally Office or Trust under the said Commissioners, in the Room of the said John Grundy, and the Per-

son or Persons so respectively nominated and appointed, shall have the fame rower and Authority to de-<

termine the Line or Height of the said Low-water Mark, as the Person or Persons, in whose Room he or

they shall succeed was or were vested with.

; X. And be it further enacted. That in case any of the Proprietors of the said Staiths shall not, within

eighteen Calendar Months after the first Sufferance Quay or Wharf shall have been erected or built, in

pursuance of this Act, cleanse, scour, open, deepen* widen, or cut through and take away, all Banks,

Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbifti, beyond thirty-five Feet from the outermost Part of their respective Staiths

or Warehouses, as low as the said Low-water Mark; Or to muke and preserve the Beach, in such Manner

that the fame may Hope or batter two Feet at least for every Foot of perpendicular Rife from the Low-

water Mark, in the said Haven, as shall be settled by the said Engineers, and so as that the Level of the

‘ Ground, without the said Distance of thirty-five Feet from the present Staiths or Warehouses, shall be

•qual in a Line with the said Low-water Mark; or shall, at any Time, after.that the said Slope or Batter

i is

e

