A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 56, 57, 58. 609

45 down Buildings, and fct out Ways or Streets, &c. The most improved Rent to be Teferved, and paid

“ quarterly. Lessees to covenant to build and repair, and deliver up Possession, &c, Leases to contain

44 a Power of Re-entry for Non-payment of Rent. TheTrustees, on granting Leases, may take Fines

44 sufficient to defray the Expences of this Act; and may apply Part of the Rents in making Improve-

44 ments, and Payment of Agents Salaries. Trustees are impowered to direct the Constables, in the

44 Distribution of the Rents. Leases made by virtue of this Act deemed valid.”

CAP. LVI.

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for

paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there; and for

widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and railages.

CAP. LVIL

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watfching, the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Mel-

combe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and for removing all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoy-

ances therein.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for

pavings cleansing, lightings and watchings the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of

Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the Higbfireet in

Chatham, as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other

Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for paving, Preamble.

4 v V cleansing, lighting, and watchings the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the Aa 1* Geo. Ill,

4 County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And whereas the rcaled*

4 Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said Act, have caused the greatest Part of the said

4 Streets and Lanes to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, but Part of the High fir eet of the said Town of

4 Chatham being within the Parish of Saint Margaret next the City of Rochester, and another small Part of

the said Higbfireet lying within the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, Doubts have arisen

4 whether the said Act empowers the said Commissioners to pave, cleanse, light, and watch, such Parts of

the said Higbfireet of the said Town of Chatham which lie within the said respective Parishes of Saint

4 Margaret and Gillingham, for which Reason those Parts have not yet been paved, cleansed, lighted, or

4 watched; and the said Act has in several other Respects been found ineffectualmay it therefore please

your Majesty that ic may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Tomlyn, William Kettle, John Burton, Additional

John Matthews, William Mouldcn, John Souther den, Thomas Baker the elder, and John Maynard, together Commissioners.

with the Commissioners appointed for putting in Execution the said recited Act, shall be, and they are

hereby appointed, Commissioners for putting in Execution the said recited Act, and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of the Pave- The Property of

ments in all and every the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, as well of that Part of the Parish of Saint Pavements,

Margaret next the City of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, which lies on the South Side of the said saWrtTvrar-*1

Highfireet of Chatham, commencing at, and extending from, a Boundary Stone, placed at the End of g4ret andGiU

Chatham Parish, next a certain Place called The Chapelficps in the said Parish of Chatham, Westward, to lingham Parift-

a certain House called The Round-about-house at or near Saint Margaret's Bank; and of that Part of the «i as also in ail

Carriage-way in the said Parish of Saint Margaret, which extends from the said House called The Round- |*arI1 pfrjfl,hat*

about-house, Westward, opposite to the End or Corner of his Majesty’s Victualling-office-wall, next to a y*£d

certain Lane there commonly called Hangman's Lane, on the North Side of the said Higbfireet; and also Commissioners;

the Pavements from the said House called The Round-about-house along the Bank called Saint Margaret's

Bank, Westward, to a certain Public-house or Inn lately called The Flying-horse, but now The Horse and

Groom, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, and the

several Lanes and public Passages to the said Bank adjoining; as also the Pavements in that Part of the

Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kenty which ^aj°5nct^ to an^ maketh Part of the said High-

street of Chatham aforesaid, and the several Lanes and public Passages thereto adjoining; as also the

Pavements in all and every th z High street. Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Passages, within the said

Town and Parish of Chatham, as well those Parts used by Carriages, as those used by Foot-passengers,

within the said several and respective Parishes and Limits aforesaid, now in being, or which hereafter shall

be made or laid out, or intended for any Street, Lane, or public Paflaee, and of all Materials, Implements,

and other Things, to be purchased for the Purposes of the said recited, or this Act, or used, or to be used,

in or about the making or repairing the said Pavements; shall be, and the fame are hereby respectively

veiled in the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, or in pursuance thereof, and by this present . ,

Act: And they are hereby authorised and impowered to pave, cleanse, light, and watch, the said High-

street. Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Passages, of the said several and respective Parishes within the or mak« Con-*

Limits before described, or to make Contracts for executing, performing, and completing, the said several trade for par-

4 I 2 Pavements, the Street*,

