240

No Justice baf-

inp any Military

Office to be con-

cerned in billet-

ting Soldiers,

except where

there shall be no

other Justice.

Officers and Sol-

diers quartered

in Inns or Ale-

houses are to be

furnished with

Provisions at

certain Rates*

What Innhold-

ers, &c. may al-

low Men quar-

tered on them

iniicad of Meat,

What Officers

and Soldiers

quartered in Bar-

racks, or in

hired uninha-

bited Houses, are

to be furnished

with at the Pro-

vincial £i pence.

How the Es-

sences incurred

thereby arc to be

rcimbursed.

, Penalty on talc-

in v*. Money to

excuft- any Per-

son from bein^

quartered on.

Commanding

Officers may cf-

change Men in

their Q^aiters,

C. 15.- Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1775.

of the Soldiers to be removed and Quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall fee Cause

and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace, having or exe-

cuting any Military Office or Commission in his Majesty*s regular Forces in America, m y, during the

Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly, ad or be concerned in the quartering, billctting, or ap-

pointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers, according to the Disposition made for quartering of any

Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Act (except where there shall be no other Justice or Justices of the

Peace), but that all Warrants, Acts, Matters, or Things, executed or appointed by such Justice or Juf-

tices of the Peace for or concerning the fame, shall be void, any Thing in this Act contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and

billetted as aforesaid (except such as shall be quartered in the Barracks and hired uninhabited Houses, or

other Buildings as aforesaid), shall be received, and furnished with Diet, Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum

mixed with Water, by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and

other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act, paying and allowing for

the fame the several Rates herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the Subsistence-money, for Diet

and Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum mixed with Water.

VIII Provided always. That in case any Innholder, or other Person, on whom any Non-commission

Officers or private Men shall be quartered, by virtue of this Act, in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in

America (except on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised

for the Space of seven Days at most, for such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting,

and Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to furnish such Non-commission Officers or Soldiers with

Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and with Small Beer, or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints, or Half a Pint of

Rum mixed with a Quart of Water, for each Man per Diem, gratn \ and allow to such Non-commission

Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and

shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the fame

accordingly i then, and in every such Cafe, the Non-commission Officers and Soldier* so quartered shall

provide their own Victuals ; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that actually does receive,

the Pay and Subsistence of such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums herein

after mentioned, to be payable out of the Subsistence-money, for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-

commission Officers and Soldiers aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such Ncn-

commission Officers and Soldiers are quartered, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

4 IX. And whereas there are several Barracks in several Places in his Majesty’s fard Dominions in Ame~

4 rica, or some of them, provided by the Colonies, for the lodging and covering of Soldiers, in lieu of

4 Quarters, for the Ease and Convenience as well of the Inhabitants of and in such Colonies as of the

4 Soldiers/ it is hereby further enacted, That all such Officers and Soldiers so put and placed in such

Barracks, or in hired uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, shall, from Time to

Time, be furnished and supplied there by the Persons to be authorised or appointed for that Purpose by

the Governor and Council of each respeflive Province ; or upon NegledI or Refusal of such Governor and

Council in any Province, then by two or more Justices of the Peace residing in or near such Place, with

Fire, Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, Bedding, Utensils for dressing their Victuals, and Small Beer or Cyder

not exceeding five Pints, or Half a Pint of Rum mixed with a Quart of Water, to each Man, without

paying any T hing for the fame.

4 X. And, that the several Persons who shall so take, hire, and fit up, as aforesaid, such uninhabited

4 Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, for the Reception of the Officers and Soldiers, and w1i'q

4 shall so furniffi the fame, and also the said Barracks, with Fire, Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, Bedding,

4 Utensils for dressing Victuals, and Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum, as aforesaid, may be rcimbursed and

4 paid all such Charges and Expences they shall be put to therein/ be it enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That the respective Provinces shall pay unto such Person or persons all such Sum or Sums of Money

so by them paid, laid out, or expended, for the taking, hiring, and fitting up such uninhabited Houses,

Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, and for furnishing the Officers and Soldiers therein, and in the

Barracks, with Fire, Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, Bedding, Utensils for dressing Visuals, and Small

Beer, Cyder, or Rum, as aforesaid ; and such Sum or Sums are hereby required to be raised in such Man-

ner ns the publick Charges for the Provinces respectively are raised.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Officer within his

Majesty’s said Dominions in America shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly (ufFer to be taken,

any Money of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House

allowed by this Act, every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military

Employment whatsoever.

4 XII. And whereas some Doubts may arise, whether Commanding Officers of any Regiment or Com-

4 pnny within his Majesty’s said Dominions in America may exchange any Men quartered in any Village,

4 Town, Township, City, DistiiCt, or PI ice, in his Majesty’s said Dominions in America, with another

4 Man quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service/ be it declared and tnaefted by the Au-

thority aforesaid. That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commanding Officers

respectively, provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such

House or Houses; and the Constables, Tithingmen, Magistrates, and other Chief Officers of the Vil-

lages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, or other Places where any Regiment or Company shall be

quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

1 XIII- And

