Anno decimo lexto Georgii III.

468

Form of Coo*

viction.

Coimnilfionert

to affix and set

down Mooring-

posta, See. and

to lay down

fridges oret the

Creek*

Affixing Moor-

ing-pofti and

Bridget reftritt-

cd to certain

Place*

Ko Mooring-

foftt, dec. to

prejudice any

Worki executed

under the

Drainage Act of

t Geo, 3.

Additional

Bate* to be

taken after June

»77<*

Coal*, At. to be

^delivered within

the Distrish of

Wainfleet, See.

exempted from

the Tonnage.

Commissione?*

impowered to

borrow 10^ o1.

and to assign the

Duties as a Se-

curity.

C. 33.

A.D. 1776.

borough of ? ‘ TYE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our

Bottoa. Lrord is (or are) convicted before of his Majesty’s

€ Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, by virtue of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign

* of King George the Third,y*r the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels

4 into and out of the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring-

4 posts upon the Banks or High Marshes within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port\ and

4 for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Mivrjbes within or adjoining to the said

4 Haven and Harbour ; and for preventing Mijebiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour; [specifying the

4 Offence, Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe shall be. J

4 Given under Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid/

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy, as aforesaid,

shall be one) to affix and set down, or cause to be.affixed and set down, within or adjoining to the said

Haven and Harbour, a sufficient Number of Mooring-posts for the Me mooring of Ships, vessels, and

Barges, in the said Haven and Harbour; and also to affix and lay down, or cause to be affixed and laid

down. Bridges of Wood over the Creeks upon the High MaHhes within or adjoining to the said Haven

and Harbour, where the feme shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) be deemed

neccfliry, for the Convenience of towing or haling Ships, Vessels, and Barges, into and out of the said

Port; the Property and Right of which Mooring-posts and Bridges to be affixed, set, and laid down as

aforesaid, and of all Materials of which the fame shall consist, are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners

for ever; and they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his

Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) are hereby impowered from Time to Time to bring, or cadfis to be

brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer or Cleik> agsinft any rerfoo or Persons

who shall wilfully injure or damage the fame.

XXIV. Provided always, and'be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall impower the said

Commissioners to affix or set down any of the said Mooring-posts, except on the Banks of the said Haven,

or unon the High Marfties, or to affix or set down any of the said Bridges, but on the said High

Marines; and (b as neither the said Mooring-posts, nor the said Bridges, be affixed or set down within a

left Distance than twenty Feet from the Edge of the said High Marfties.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Mooring-posts to be set down, and Bridges laid

over any of the said Creeks, or any other Works whatsoever to be made and erected by the said Commis-

sioners, shall be constructed or made so as in anywise to prejudice, obstrud, prevent, or defeat, any

Works made or executed determined by the General Commissioners of Drainage and Navigation, acting under" a cer-

tain Act of Parliament, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act

draining and preferring certain Law Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in

the County of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High-

bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston /0 the SraJ.

AX VI. And be it further ^enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou-

sand Aven hundred and feveoty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be

one) or for such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the

Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall appoint for that Purpose, to demand, collect,

receive, and take, as a Tonnage or Duty, over and above the several Rates and Dues paid and payable

before the passing of this Act, of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders of every Ship, Vefiel,

or Barge, belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects, arriving at or coming to the said Port laden with Coals,

and delivering the fame within the Limits thereof, any bum of Money not exceeding one Penny per Chal-

dron, Boston Measure^ for each and every Chaldron of Coals on board such Ship, Vefiel, or Barge, so

delivered as aforesaid; and also of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders of every Ship,

Vefiel, or Barge, belonging to his said Majesty’s Subjects, as well those bound inward as outward, laden

with any other Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, and delivering or lading the fame within the

Limits aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding one Penny per Ton, for each and every Ton of

‘Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, on board such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, so delivered or laden as aforesaid;

and also of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders of every Foreign Ship or Vefiel any Sum

•of Money not exceeding double the Duty or Tonnage, in the respective Cafes before mentioned, payable '

by Masters of Ships, Vessels, or Barges, belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to subject any Coals, Goods,

Wares, or Merchandises, to the Payment of the said Duty of one Penny per Chaldron or Ton, which

may be delivered or laden within the Distrids of Wainfleet, on the Lincolnshire Coast, or any Coals,

Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, coming and going to and from any Place or Places within the Limits

of the said Port only.

XXVIIL And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid,

shall be one) from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said Tonnage or Duties payable by this Act,

to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think needful, not exceed-

ing the Sum of two thousand Pounds; and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by any Writing

or Writings without Stamp, under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Tonnage or Duties,

or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Yeais, as a Security

or Securities for the Sums of Money that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid ; and

Copies of all such Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose b^the

e

GoogI

