322 C.4&

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. D. 1775.

one million five hundred eighty-two thousand and fifty-one Pounds nine Shillings and Nine-pence three

Farthings, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services herein after more

particularly exprefi’ed ; (that is to say,). Any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred twenty-

seven thousand six hundred eighty-nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and Four-pence, for defraying the Charge

of fevemeen -thousand five hundred and forty-seven effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned

Officers included, and including one thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids for Guards, Gar-

rifons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces' in Great Britain, Jerj'ey, and Guernsey, for the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred

seventy-one thousand one hundred eighty-six Pounds and Ten-pence, and one-eighth Part of a Penny,

towards further maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa* including

those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provifirms for the Forces in North America, Nova

Scotia, Newfoundland., Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-five ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand eight hundred seventy-

four Pounds four Shillings and Nine-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between

rhe British and Irish Eflabliftiment of three Battalions and three Companies of Foot, serving in the ljle of

Many at Gibraltar^ and Minorca, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five 5 and any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand four hundred seventy-three Pounds eighteen ShiL-

lings and Sixpence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain*

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed-

ing one hundred and five thousand three hundred twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence,

upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred and*

seventy Pounds three Shillings and Nine-pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several

Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated

Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

five ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for the pay-

ing of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died

upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the twenty-fifth

Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty-seven thousand seven hundred and six

Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to his Majesty’s

Forces, confiding of four thousand three hundred and eighty-three Men, for the Year one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine thousand five hundred

thirty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Seven-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of 'Pay be-

, ______ tween the British and Irish Establishment of one Regiment of Light Dragoons and two Regiments of Foot,

*he Pensions of from the first Day of March to the twenty-fourth Day of Decembery one thousand seven hundred and

Officers Wi- seventy-five, both Days inclusive, being two hundred and ninety-nine Days, as also for defraying the

Charge of Levy-money for the Augmentation to Major General Prejhn s Regiment of Light Dragoons,

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

ceeding one hundred twenty-two thousand two hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and Five-

pence, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Outpensioners of Chelsea Hospital* for the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two

hundred sixty-two thousand five hundred thirty-seven Pounds seven Shillings and Ten-pence, and one-

eighth Part of a Penny, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and

other Services incurred between the twenty-second Day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

four, and the eighth Day of March* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and not provided for

5d. ,0th. Out. by Parliament.

j>sn6oners of Chelsea Hospital 5 262,5371. 71. lod. I-8th of a Penny, toward extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, and other Services incurred, and

sot provided for,

XIX. And it is hereby also ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty*

t-housand Pounds, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act paflea

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exche-

quer Bills, for the Service of the Tear one thouj'and seven hundred and seventy four* and charged upon the first

Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred

seventy-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and Nine-pence, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum

which has been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addrelles of the House of Com-

mons.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four

thousand three hundred forty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence, upon Account, for maintaining

and supporting the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia* for the Year one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand and

eighty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s

Colony of Georgia* and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth Day of

June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand nine

hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Lstablishment of his

S ^ Majesty’s

of which

€27/189 I. 19s.

4<J. far defray-

ing the Charges

of 17.547 effec-

tive Men, &c. ;

and 1512 Inva-

lids, lor Guards,

See. in Great

Brira.n, See ;

37I,Io6l. IO d.

2 8 h of a Peo-

ny, for F' reel

and Carr, for,' in

Africa; 2,874!.

4 \ 9 i. to make

fcoed the Differ

tree of Pay be-

tween the BritifH

and Irish Effa-

blishment of

Troops serving

3n the Me of

Man, See.;

11,473 h 1*

6 d. 2 q. for

General and Ge-

neral Staff OfH-

-cers in Great

Britain ;

105,326!. 161.

3d. to the re-

duced Officers of

the Land Forces

and Marines;

870 1. 3 s. 9 d.

to the two

Troops of Horse

•Guards reduced,

Sec.: 628 1. to

«k>ws, Sec. 5

47,7061. z 2 9.

I d. for the Aug-

zrentation of the

Forces; 9,536k

10 s. 7d. to

make good the

Difference be-

twen British and

Irish Pay of cer-

GinTroops,&c.;

122,221 1. 15 s

1,1:0,0001. for

discharging Ex-

chequer Bills of

last Session ;

12,578!. 14s.

9 dr to make

good to his Ma-

jeffy the like

issued in

pursuance of the

A idrtffes of the

House df Com-

mons ;

4 346I. I OS. 5J.

Mr supporting

the C vil Effa-

bii/hmentof No-

▼a Scotia ;

3,086 b for the

Civil Effablish-

ment of Georgia;

4 950 1. for the

Civil Effab ifh-

frient of Lait

E.cnda ;

