A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 17.

447

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Remedies and Execution

granted and provided by the said recited Acts, for levying, recovering, and making effectual, the several

Rates, Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued, the said Provost, Magistrates, and Town

Council, and their Collectors and Assigns, shall, from and after the Commencement of this present Act,

and during the Continuance thereof, be intitled to use all such other Methods, Remedies, and Execution

against the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pav the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, as is

competent by the Law of Scotland, to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Royal Boroughs,

and their Collectors, for recovering the ordinary Revenues of such Boroughs.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable the Earl of

Strathmore, the Right Honourable the Earl of Panmure, the Right Honourable John Lord Gray, the Right

Honourable Lord Kinnaird, Sir John Ogilvie Baronet of Inner Carrity9 Sir John Wedderburn Ba-

ronet of Balindean9 jlrchibald Douglas of Douglas, Thomas Fothringhame of Pourrie, Robert Graham of Fin-

New Power*

granted to Pro-

voft, Migistrates,

&c.

Ovcrfeeri of the

Duty appointed.

Alexander Rad of Logie 9 David Read of Drumguth, George Dempster of Dunnichen, shall be, and are hereby

appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, and of the Application

thereof, (excepting always what shall or may concern the aforesaid Hospital, and the Pensions payed to

decayed Burghers, and in relation to the said Workhouse, and the Poor employed therein), in Place and

Stead of the Overseers appointed by the said recited Acts, and shall have, and are hereby veiled with, the

fame Powers, and under the fame Regulations, as are in and by the said above recited Acts granted and

given to the former Overseers, as well as all other the Powers hereby made and given ; any Thing in the

laid former Acts or herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the first Meeting of the said Over-

seers, the Magistrates of the said Borough of Dundee shall, and are hereby required to lay before the said

Overseers, or any three or more of them, an Account of all the Debts of the Town at that Time due

and owing, to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and that at the said first or any subse-

quent Meeting of the Overseers, they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered

to make and settle such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Management and Go-

vernment of the different Matters and things in the said recited Acts and this present Act mentioned,

(except as before excepted) as to them shall appear to be necessary, confident always with the said former

Acts and this present Act, and the Laws of Scotland: And the said Magistrates shall, and they are hereby

required, from Time to Time, to lay before the Overseers an Account of all the Debts contrafted upon

Account or by Reason of any of the Matters and Things aforesaid, (except as before is excepted), to-

gether with the Agreements, Covenants, Accounts, and Vouchers relating thereto; which said Account

of Debts shall be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and an Entry (halite made yearly,

and every Year, during the Continuance of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed and taken

to be a Publick Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts of Great Britain, and

by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn from Bentba1l9 in the County of Salop,

to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County ; and for making proper Ave-

nues or Roads to and from the same.

Magi Antes, at

first Meeting of

Overseers, to lay

before them an

Account of tht

Town Debts,

Ac,

Overmen may

make Byelaws,

Magistrates to

lay before the

Overseers an

Account of

Debts contraiB-

ed, to be entered ,

in a Book an-

nually.

Publick Act*

REAS a very considerable Traffick is carried on at Coalbrook Dale, Madeley Wood, Benthall, Preamble

Brofeley9 in the County of Salop9 and the Places adjacent, in Iron, Lime, Potters Clay, and

WHEREAS

and Brofeh

Coals, and the Persons carrying on the fame are frequently put to great Inconveniencies, Delays, and

Obstructions, by reason of the insufficiency of the present Ferry over the River Severn from Benthall to

Madeley Wood9 commonly called Benthall rerry9 particularly in the Winter Season, in which Time it is

frequently dangerous, and sometimes impafiable : And whereas the Reverend Edward Harries and Abra-

ham Darby are Owners of the said Ferry, who, with the several Persons herein after named, are willing

and defuous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to begin, carry on, complete, maintain, and keep

in Repair, a Bridge over the said River from Benthall to Madely Wood aforesaid; whereby the Inconve-

niencies, Delays, and Obstructions now subsisting will be effectually remedied, and great Benefit will

accrue to the rublick by facilitating the Communication and Intercourse between the several Places be-

fore mentioned and the adjoining Counties, and promoting the several Trades and Manufactures carried

on therein May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Re- Truffoes ap*

verend Edward Harries, Abraham Darby ^ John JVilktnfon, Edward Blakeway, Charles Guefl9 Roger Kyna/lcn9 pointed;

Leonard Jennings, John Morris, John cthursfield9 Serjeant Roden, John Hartjhornc, Thomas Far noils Pritch-

ard, and John Nicholfon9 together with such Person or Persons as they, or such of them as shall be present

at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, shall admit, by Writing under their Hands and Seals

in Manner herein after mentioned, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be who*reim- -

and are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying on, building, completing, and maintaining, at their own

proper Costs and Charges, a Bridge of Cast-iron, Stone, Brick, or Timber, across the River Severn, from thcScSverRj>

or near a House in the Occupation of Samuel Barnett at Benthall, in the County of Sahp9 to the opposite

VOL. XII. 3M Shore

