A.D. 1775.

Anno decimo qiiinto Georgii III.

Q 21.

271

said Directors and Guardian?, or any nine or more of them, at any General Meeting, /hall, from Time

to Time, direct and appoint) to pay, or cause to be paid, upon Application made to him or them, or

upon his or their own Knowledge of the Fast, and Neceflitjf of the Cafe, unto every such poor Person,

any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, for his, her, or their Support, until the next Weekly Committee

of the Directors and Guardians shall be held in pursuance of this Act 5 and such Person or Persons who

Hiall have eiven such Relief, shall, at the next Weekly Meeting as aforesaid, lay before such Meeting the

State and Circumstances of the Person or Persons so relieved, and also an Account in Writing of the Sum

or Sums of Money that shall have been so expended; and the faiJ Committee shall and may then give

such further Directions for the Maintenance and Relief of every such poor Person as to them shall (eem

expedient, any Taw, Statute, or Ufogo, to the contrary notwithstanding. ;

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Guardians,

upon any Appointment of such Peribn or Persons as aforeLid, 10 notify the fame in Writing to the

Churchwardens, Sidefmen, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and to direct and order them,

and each of them, to forbear giving any Relief to any poor Person, by or under any Authority derived

from their and each of their Office or Offices resprctively (except by any legal Order from any of his Ma-

jesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said County) j and if, after such Notice given, they,

or any of them, mall, by any Account delivered into the Vestry of the said Parish, or to the said Directors

and Guardians, or otherwise, make any Charge or Demand on the said Parish for Money expended in the

Relief of poor Persons (except by any legal Order from any of his Majesty’s Justice or Justices of the

Peace in and for the said County), it (nail and may be lawful for the said Vestry, and also for the said

Directors and Guardians, to rneft and refuse to pay every such Charge and Demand, as illegal and of no

Effect, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithihinding.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That it shall and may be lawful to

and for any nine or more of the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their General Meetings to be held

in pursuance of this Act, to grant Certificates, under their Hands, to any Person whose legal Settlement

£hail be in the said Paiifh of Saint Mary le Brne, and who shall he willing to remove, or shall have re-

moved out of the said Parish ; and which Certificates, under the Hands of nine of the said Directors and

Guardians, and attested by their Clerk for the Time being, and signed by two Justices of the Peace for

the said County, as Certificates are now by Law directed to be, shall be good and valid to all Intents and

Purposes ; and no other Certificate whatsoever to be granted within the said Parish shall be valid, or of

any EfFeft, any Law, Statute, or Cu’ftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where one or mor£

Justice or Justices of the Peace is or ate impowered, by the Laws now in being, to proceed on the Com-

plaint of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, or of any of them, it

shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they are hereby required to

proceed on the Complaint of any of the said Directors and Guardians, or of such Person or Persons as

shall have been duly appointed by any Writing under the Hands and Seals of seven or more of the said

Directors and Guardians for that Purpose, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes* as

if such Complaint had been made by such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice of the Peace in and for

the said County of Middlesex shall and may do any Act or Deed relative to the Office of a Justice of the

Peace, notwithstanding he shall or may at the fame Time he a Dirqftor and Guardian of the Poor for the

Time being, for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act \ and shall and may aft in the

Execution of this Act, at any Place within the Lid Parish, or elsewhere, notwithstanding he shall be

an Inhabitant of the said Parish, or pay the Rates thereof, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish

shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or other-

wife, in, about, touching, or concerning this Act, or the Matters or Things herein contained, or any

Matter or Thing touching or concerning the faiJ Parish of Saint Alary le Boney be and be deemed a com-

petent Witness, notwithstanding his or her paying the Rates of the said Parish, any Law, Statute, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties, or Moieties of Forfeitures and

Penalties, which by the Laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, ought to be applied to the Use of

the Poor of the said Parish, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Dt-

rectors and Guardians for the Time being, and applied to jthe Purposes of this. Act, any Law, Usage, or

Custom, to the contrary notwithstandinij.

LXVII. And be it furthec enacted, 1 hat at all Meetings to he held in pursuance of this Act, the Di-

rectors and Guardians prefect at such Meeting shall pay and defray their own Exper.ces.

LXViri And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Powers in the said Act of the eighth

Year of his prefoht Majesty’s Reign contained, except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, shall

extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully and cfteftually as if the fame were repeated and

re-enacted in this present Act.

1 LXIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines,

hereby inflicted, or authorised to be imposed, if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein

otherwffc directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace for

the County of Aftddlcfex, or any one Justice of the Pence for the County or Place wherein the Offender

shall he and relide, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of one or

more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or

Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal -of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is

' hereby.

Officer to ac-

count for Money

expended, &c. at

Weekly Meet-

ing!.

Notice to be

given of the Ap-

pointment of

such Officer to

Churchwarden#,

Arc. with Ordeis

to them not to

relieve casual

Poor.

Money expended

after such Or-

ders not to be

repaid.

Directors, &c.

may frant Cer-

tificates to Per-

fons willing to

remove.

How JufHces art

to proceed on

Complaint of

Directors and

Guardians.

Justices may aft

notwithstanding

their being Di-

rectors.

Inhabitant!

deemed compe-

tent WitncUea*

Forfeiture! and

Penalties to be

pa5<i ro the

T icafurcr.

DireOors, & c. to

bear their own

Exj.ti.ccs.

Cert. in Cliufei

in Act 8 Geo III.

extended to this

Aa.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

