A.D. 17 75*Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 57, 58* 357

pofc of keeping the said Offices to be erected in pursuance of this A& in proper Repair, and what shall be

so ordered to be paid to the said Six Clerks shall be considered as a Freehold Estate m them respectively, as

coming in Lieu of their said Chambers.

VIII. Provided always. That from such Time as thd Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Pwvifowith

Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall deem the pur- respea to the if-

poses of the said recited Act, and of this A61, so far as respects the Funds provided by the said recited Act suing of Money*

to be fully satisfied, and shall in Testimony thereof, by an Order of the said Csurt, declare the fame, and

direct the Accountant-general of the said Court not to iflfue any Draft, and the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England not to issue any further Sum or Sums of Money out of the Funds provided by the said

recited Act for any of the Purposes afore said, the Appropriation by the said recited Act and herein-before

made of the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pur-

fiance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Surplus

Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of the fifth

Year of His present Majesty, and also of the Interest of Securities to be purchased pursuant to the said

Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, shall from thenceforth cease and be at an End.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that no Casement, Privy, or House of Office what- Proviso witK

soever, be erected on any Part of either of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground herein-before described above TefPc^40

the Level of the Ground Floor of the said Offices; and that no Building whatsoever beeredted on the last StS}? °*

mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground to rife above the Level of the Springing of the Arches in the Fronts

of the Buildings, intended to beeredied by the said Society, or within thirty Feet of the Western Boun-

dary of the said last-mentioned Ground ; and also, that the said last-mentioned Ground be inclosed on the

Western Boundary by an open Iron Pallifade Railing only, and those Parts of the Eastern Boundary not

built against be inclosed by a Wall, the Top of the Coping of which shall be on a Level with the Spring-

ing of the said Arches; and also, that the external Plan and Elevations of the Basement and Ground Story

of the Buildings to be erected on the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground do correspond with the Buildings in-

tended to be erected by the said Society; and that the Chimney Shafts be erected regularly, and be carried

up to such Heighths as not to annoy or be offensive to the Rooms or Chambers in the said Buildings intend-

ed to be erected by the said Society; and that no Act or Thing be done upon any Part of the said several

Premises to annoy or be offensive to any of the said Chambers, or the Occupiers thereof.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Society do not erect any Building or Buildings what- PrwMb,

soever between the East Front of the Buildings now carrying on by the said Society and the Western Boun-

dary of the said (irft-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Offices or Buildings to be erected inr

pursuance of this Act, and the Offices or Buildings to be erected adjoining thereto, for the Use of the Re- cneawToot^obe

E’fter and Accountant-general of the said Court of Chancery, and all other Buildings already erected, or fnbje£totb«

gun, or which may hereafter be erected or begun, on any rart of the Ground or rremifes of Old Lin- Regulation*

coins Inn, shall not be subject to all or any of the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act of Par- MCe0»

liament, pa (led in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for thefurtherand

better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mijchtefs by Fire within

the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Partjbes, rrecinCis, and Places,

within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pan eras, and

Saint Luke at Cheffea, in the County of Middlesex ; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders•

and other Per Jons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits•

aforesaid contrary to Law; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for watering Piccadilly, from the End of Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint

George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and publick Passages, within the Town*

of Hampstead, and Parts adjacent within the Parish of Hampstead^ in the County of

Middlesex-, and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, and a Patrole between the said*

Town and London.

4 II 7 HE REAS the Town of Hampstead* in the P^rish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, Preamble*

€. VV is very populous and extensive; and from its Situation, the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Parts

4. adjacent within the said ParHh, as also all Persons passing to and from the same in the Night-time, are

4 exposed to Robberies and other Outrages : And whereas the lighting the said Town, and Parts adjacent

4. within the said Parish, and the establishing therein a proper and well regulated nightly Watch, and a

•/Horse and Foot Patrole to conduct Passengers between the said Town and London in the Night-time,.

4 would greatly contribute to prevent those Evils ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be-

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of;

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That the Minister of the said Parish for the Time being, the Justices of the Peace for commissToncrr*

the said County of Middlfex resident in the said Parish, together with Erasmus Warren, Gerrard Howard, Name*.

Stephen Gwmn, Sir John Honywood, Robert Carr, Joseph Webb, John Peter Bloqueire, Robert Vincent, Thomas

Walker, Thomas Langdale, Jfaac Jrdefoif \ Latham Arnold, Richard Clay, George Webster, George Stevens,

George

