Vessels need not

hr cleared out

specially for the

Latitudes fptci-

fied.

The Master and

3-4ths of the

Crew to he Cri-

tish Subjects,

or, if cleared

from Britain,

Foreign Pro-

testants intend-

ing to settle in

Britain, &c.

4

No Premium to

be paid, unless

there is an Ap-

prentice, in-

dentured for

three Years, on

board for every

50 Tons Bur-

then.

Penalty of 501.

on Masters fuf

firing Appren-

tices to quit

their Service

before Expira-

tien of Term.

No Premium

to be allowed,

unltfs the

Names of Vef-

feis in which

Apprentices are

to serve are in-

C. C2. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

last before mentioned, which shall so foil and arrive within the T imes herein last before mentioned, with the

next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than thirty

Tens, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whale?, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and taken

and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall

not be obliged to dear out fp^ially for the respective Latitudes specified in this Act, but shall be entitled to

the Premiums hereby granted, on complying with all the other Conditions, Regulations, and Rellridtions,

imposed by this Act.'

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Ship or Vessel shall be navi-

gated by Persons, of whom the Mailer and at lead Three-fourths of the Mariners are his Majesty *s Subjects,

usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jer/cy, or Man; or if such Ship or Vessel shall clear

out from any Port of Great Britain, then that such Ship or Vessel may be navigated by Persons being Pro-

testants, and who, not being Subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said

Fishery, and who shall, at the T ime of clearing out ot every Ship or Vessel on board of which they shall serve

respectively, take the Oath (or, being a Quaker, fha l make a Declaration) cf Fidelityand Allegiance to

his Majesty, and also shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, shall make Affirmation) before two or more

of the principal Officers of the Customs, of which the Collector is to be one, at the Port where such Ship or

Vessel shall io clear out, (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby authorized and requited to administer,)

if it is their first Voyage from any Port of Great Britain, that they have already established, or that it is their

Inrention to establish themselves and their Families in Great Britain, as Inhabitants thereof, and Subjects of

his Majesty; and if it shall be their (econd, or any subsequent Voyage, that they actually have established

themselves and their Families in Great Britain, and have taken the Oath (or, being Quakers, have made a

Declaration) of fidelity and Allegiance to his Majesty as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by this Act shall be

paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the

aforesaid Fishery, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have on board an Apprentice indentured for the Space of

three Years, at the least, for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel by Admeasurement, every

such Apprentice not exceeding the Age cf eighteen Years, nor being under fourteen Years, at the Time he

fhaTl be so indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the Whole of the Voyage, both out and

home, for which any such Premium shall be claimed, unless such Apprentice died or deserted in the Course of

the Voyage; which Fadts shall and are hereby required to be verified by the Oath of the Mailer, the Mate,

and two of the Mariners, belonging to such Ship or Vessel, unless by reason of some unavoidable Accident,

Proof whereof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Officers of the Customs herein-after mentioned, two

Mariners cannot be procured, and then by the Oath of the Mailer and Mate, taken before two or more of

the principal Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall return from the said

Fishery, (of which the Collector is to be one,) which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to ad-

minister; and in Confirmation also thereof, the proper Officers of the Customs belonging to the Port to

which such Ships or Vessels shall respectively return, shall, immediately after their Return from such Voyage

respectively, visit every such Ship or Vessel, and muster the Crew, and having satisfied themselves therein,

shall certify the fame to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland re-

spectively. *

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master of any Ship or Vessel, or

any other Person or Persons whatever, to whom any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be indentured pursuant

to this Act, shall permit or fuller any such Apprentice or Apprentices to quit, leave, or depart, his or their

Service, on any Pretence whatever, except as herein-after is provided, before the Expiration of the Term

for which he or they shall be bound, every such Master or other Person shall forfeit and pay, for each and

every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information*

in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, in which no Wager of Law, no Efloin, nor any more than one

Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, orbecon-

strued to extend, toinflidl the aforesaid Penalty, in any Cafe where any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be

legally discharged before a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or shall be turned over from one Person to an-

other Person concerned in either of the aforesaid Fisheries, to serve the Remainder of his Time in such Fish-

eries pursuant to the Diredtionsof this Act: Provided also, and it is hereby declared, that no Bounty or Pre-

mium shall be paid or allowed by virtue of this Act in any Cafe unless there shall be inserted in the Indenture

or Indentures of each and every Apprentice or Apprentices who shall be indentured by virtue of this Act, or

who shall be turned over from one Person to another, pursuant to this A cl, the Name or Names of the

Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, on board of which such Apprentice or Apprentices is or are bound to

serve. 1- . K9Q

ftrted in Indentures. ’'

Apprentices to X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Time for which any Apprentice shall have been indentured

be considered as to serve on board aqy Ship or Veflbl employed in the said Fisheries shall expire during the Voyage of fuchi

Vovazc thr ueh ^ip or such Apprentice shall be accounted and considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as an

thefrindentures prentice for the whole V oyage, and shall on the Ship s or Vessel s Return from the fold Fishery be mustertd

expire during it. accordingly.

No Premium to XI. And be it further enaeled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by this Act shall

be allowed un- paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, on Account of any Snip or Vessel employed in the said

kfs.a Log Book Fishery, unless a Log Book shall have been regularly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Lo^r

4 Bov>

