924

*34 Ceo.3-c.90*

36 Geo.3. c. 44.

C. xvii—xxv. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III, A.D. 1798.

w Debts, l$c. Act to continue twenty-one Years from the Date of its passing and to the End of the then

u next Session. Public Act.”

Cap. xviii. % ‘jjjli

An Act to vary the Line of the Rennet and Avon Canal authorized to he made by two Acts passed in the

thirty -fourth and thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty *, and also to extend the Powers

of, and to amend the find Acts.—[7th May 1738.] ’ - r, / . J

Cap. xix.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for En-

larging and Improving the Harbour of Leith.—[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

. liament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth and thirty-first

Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for Making and Repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow,

by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating therewith; and

the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambufang, till

it joins the Road from Hamilton by Burnhank towards Eaglcfham in the County of Renfrew, and for

building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock or Farmc Ford.—[7th May 1798.]

Cap. xxk 1 y I 7 91

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Dinzuoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to

or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark.—[7th May 1798.J

Cap. xxii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

' present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from IVhiftle Bridge in the Partfh of Barwick, in the County

' of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset; from the

Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the

County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's Water, in the

Parish of Bcaminster \ from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the

Parish of Woolcombe; and from the Town of Brampton, to the Western Turnpike Road near Steefleton,

in the said County of Dorset.—[7th May 1798.] - TT)

Cap. xxiii. -

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seventeenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of

Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the lame Riding, so

far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penistone.— [7th May 1798.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

[7th May 1798.]

[See 30 Geo. 3. c. 109.; 34 Geo. 3. c» 129.]

Cap. xxv. - f

An Act for making a-new Road or Street from Frecschool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence

through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarg-

ing, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Terras and Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of His late Majesty Ring

George the Second, and in the seventh and thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new

Road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for re-

pairing the fame, and other Roads adjoining.—[7th Mav 1798.]

Cdp.

\

