87 5

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 89.

fa id, then and in such Cafe all such Foreign or imported Salt so unshipped, landed, or put on Shore, or into

any Boat or Vellel in Great Britain, contrary to the Directior.s of this Act, shall beforfeited, together with

the Packages containing the fame ; and the Ships, Boats, and Vessels, and all the Horses, and other Cattle

and Carriages whatsoever made use of in the removing, landing. Carriage, or Conveyance, of such Salt,

and the fame respecSlively {hall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and

the Person or Persons concerned or employed in so unshipping, landing, removing, or putting such Foreign

or imported Salt on Shore, or into any Ship, Boar, or Vellel as aforesaid, contrary to the Directions of this

Act, or to whose Hands the fame {hall come, after the fame shall have been unshipped, landed, or put on

Shore as aforesaid, he, she, or they knowing the fame to have been so unshipped, landed, or put on Shore,

shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lole treble the Value of such Salt.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Salt or other Salt imported into Great Britain, shall

not be entered and landed, and the Duty due and payable thereon be fully paid and satisfied, within twenty

Days after the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vefiel in which such

Foreign Salt or other Salt shall be imported, shall or ought to have made his Report of the Burthen, Con-

tents, and Lading of such Ship or Vefiel, in pursuance of the DireClions of an Act, made in the thirteenth

and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second *, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and

regulating Abu/es in his Majestfs Customs, then and in every such Cafe all such Foreign Salt or other Salt

imported into Great Britain shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Ex-

cife or Customs.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any such Foreign Salt as shall be duly

and fairly imported into Great Britain, in any Quantity not less than fifty Bulheh, upon due Entry

thereof, may forthwith, and before Payment of all or any Part of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in

respect of Foreign Salt, be landed, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, from on coard the Ship

or Vefltl in which the fame shall be imported, and shall be weighed, and carried, and put into such import

Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, as shall be for that Purpose provided, (at the Expence of the respective

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers of such Salt,) and shall be approved of by the Com-

missioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Pur-

pose, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers, of such Salt giving good and sufficient

Bond or Security, to be also approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons

who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in double the Amount of the Duty by this

A& imposed, for or in respect of such Foreign Salt, that he, she, pr they shall and will pay and clear off

all the Duties with which any such Foreign Salt, that shall be so put into any such Warehouse, Storehouse,

or Cellar, shall be charged, or to which the fame shall be liable, as soon as such Foreign Salt shall be fold, in

case the fame shall be fold within twelve Months from and after the Time the fame shall be so put into any

such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, as aforesaid; or in case such Salt shall not be.fold within such

twelve Months, that such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers, shall and will pay and

clear off' all the said Duties at the End or Expiration of such twelve Months ; such Duties to be charged

according to the Quantity of such Foreign Salt, as the fame shall be ascertained by the proper Officer of

Excise at the Time such Foreign Salt shall be lauded, and lodged or put into any such Warehouse, Store-

house, or Ctdlar, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further ena£led. That every such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, shall at all Times,

except when the proper Officer of Excise shall be attending for the Purpose of receiving or delivering Salt,

or taking Account of Salt therein, be secured under the joint Locks of such Officer and the Proprietor or

Owner thereof; and no Salt shall be put into, or delivered out of, any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or

Cellar, in any less Quantity, at one Time, than fifty Bushels ; and when and so often as the Proprietor or

Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of such Foreign Salt shall be desirous of, or have Occasion to lodge or

put any Foreign Salt into, or to take or deliver the fame out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar,

he, she, or they, shall give previous Notice thereof, in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excise by the Space

of twelve Hours, specifying in such Notice the Day and Hour of the Day when he, she, or they intends or

intend to lodge or put any Foreign Salt into, or to take or deliver the fame out of, any such Warehouse,

Storehouse, or Cellar, and the Quantity of Salt intended to be put into or delivered out of the fame ; and

such Officer is hereby authorized and required to attend in pursuance of every such Notice, for the Purpose

of receiving or delivering and taking Account of the Quantity of such Foreign Salt accordingly.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any known

Fish Curer or Fish Curers to import and lodge in his, her, or their entered Warehouses, free of the Duty

by this Act imposed for or in respedk of Foreign Salt, and for the folc Purpose of curing and preserving

Fish, any Quantity of Foreign Salt not less than fifty Bushels at one Time, upon the 'Perms and Condi-

tiens, and under, iubjedf, and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions,

hereinafter provided and established, for or in respect of British Salt sent or delivered to Fish Curers, free of

Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish : Provided always. That such Foreign Sait so to be

employed and consumed in curing and preserving Fish be duly and fairly entered with the proper Collector

of Excise upon the Importation thereof, and weighed and transhipped, or weighed and landed, and ware-

housed, as the Cafe may require, in the Presence and with the Concurrence of the proper Officer of Excise

at the Port of Importation.

5 U 2 . XIII. And

■Jfc

and the Person*

concerned to

forfeit treble the

Value of the

Salt.

If Salt imported

he not entered

and fonded, and

the Duty paid

within a limit-

Tiine, it

shall be for-

feited.

c, XI.

Foreign Salt,

not less than 50

Bushels may be

landed and

warehoused, on

Bond to pay the

Duty when fold,

or in 12 Months

if not fold.

Warehouses to

be secured under

joint Locks of

the Officer and

Proprietor, and

no Salt to be re-

ceived or deli-

vered in less

Quantity tlian

50 Bushels, and

12 Hours pre-

vious Notice of

Intention to

lodge or take out

Salt to be given

the Officer.

Fish Curers may

import and

lodge in entered

Warehouses,

not less than 50

Bushels of Fo-

reign Salt,Duty-

free, for curing

Fish, upon cer-

tain Conditions.

