A.D. 1796.

tricesimo lex to

C. 86.

Wi, 0- <• r ,r

their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House

of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than twenty-eight Days, unless

such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be iooner fully paid and satisfied.

XL And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Personshall be convicted in

Manner prefetibed by this Act shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the

EJfcdl following ; (that is to say,) ’ . f , ; ,;r. ,

10 wit- ®‘hi* Majesty’sjusticeorjusticesof the Peace for the said County of

Riding or Division of the said County, of----- or, for the City, Liberty, or Town of

4 Cfc shall happen to he] for that the said ft. B. on [Time of committing OffenceJ, at [Place of committing Off

4 fenceJ, did [here Jl ate the Offence against the /Id according to the Fad J, contrary to the Form of the Sta-

4 tutcin that Cafe made and prpvided; and the Laid ---adjudge him or her to pay and forfeit for the said

4 Gifence the Sum of-----. Given under my Hand and Sea), [or our Hands and Seals,] the Day and

4 Year first above mentioned.’ ‘ d ’

remembered, That on this

Day of

ft, B, is convidlcd before

[or, for the

And the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the farpe, so drawn up

• I r ^ a / 1 l\ ft I r f J . 1 % y*v

Session ; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted (hall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice

or Justices, to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in* such General or Quarter Session are

hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the

Hearing and Detc rmination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Ditedlions of this Act*. any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, her*

(elf, or th.*mfeive> aggrieved by any Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall at any

Time act in pursuance of the Power to him or them given by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for

such Perfwi or Persons to appeal to the next General or General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden

for the County or Place where the (^id Offence shall be committed, or alleged to be committed, and the

Justices assembled, presiding at such General or General Quarter Session,. are hereby empowered to award

Custs to either Party, as to them shall seem meet in respect of such Appeal. ‘ ,

Xilf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Conviction made, or Judgment given as

aforesaid, shall beset aside by the said Court of General or General Quarter Session for Want of Form, if

the material Fadls alleged in huh Conviction or Judgment, and on which the fame shall be grounded, be

proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court; nor shall any such Conviction or Judgment, or any Order or

Proceedings of the said Court, be removed or reinoveable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process what-

soever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejlmmJler \ any Law or Custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act,

as amount to more than the Sum of five Pounds, shall be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at WestminJier respectively ; and that every

such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Iaft mentioned, shall be to the Use of him, her, or them, who shall in-

form or sue for the same, withCoftsof Suit. , 1 ,! *' i-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued, molested, or

prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance or by colour of this Act, or of any Matter

or Thing in this Act contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this

Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences ; and if afterwards a Ver-

didl shall pafsfor the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or dis-

continue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to

him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the

licking of Butler in any Pot or other Vessel which shall not be capable of containing more than, fourteen

ounds Avoirdupois Weight of Buttcri ’ t ' \ ,

XVII. Provided always. That every Information, Prosecution, or Suit, which shall be laid or brought

for any Offence committed against tnis Act, shall be commenced within four Months after the Offence

committed. ,

XVllL 4 And whereas an Act was made in the ninth Year of King George the First, intituled, ftn Ad

4 for the better preventing ftbufes committed in weighing and packing of Butter in the City of York: And

4 whereas another Act was made in the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, ftn ftiI to

4 prevent the committing of ftbifes in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of New

4 Malton, in the County of York : And whereas another Act was made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of

i v,.. c . - -a-limlj----- T^ Act to enable Sir William Hamilton,

*15, to make and provide ^jeays, Docks,

\ad$ and Avenues thereto respefiively,

, / 1 4 within

363

of

as the

Form of Con-

viction.

Convictions to

be transmitted

to the Quarter

Sessions, who

may determine

Appeals.

Appeal may be

made to the

Quarter Sef-

lions.

Convidions not

to be set aside

for Want of

Form, nor re-

moveable into

any Court at

WcftminAer.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties ex-

ceeding 5I.

General Issue

may be plcadecU

Act not to ex-

tend to VclFeU

containing not

more than 141b.

Limitation of

Actions.

Certain AAs

recited.

