9

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo feptimo.

4 AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of Juty* ^nno ^dmini one

4 thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

4 jL Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

4 King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-seventh Day of September one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and ninety-six; being the first Session of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

j 4 . ‘ CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.—[zd November 1796.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain>

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[41. in the£.] [2d November 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign, . -

4 ¥I7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-

fern bled, talcing into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for sup-

4 porting your Majesty’s Government, and being refoived to supply the fame, have, for that End and Pur-

4 pose, chearfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty

the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech

4 your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of two millions thirty-seven thousand fix

hundred twenty-seven Pounds nine Shillings and one Farthing shall be raised, levied, and paid unto his

Majesty, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, as

hereafter in this Act are expressed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, from Time

to l ime appointed and employed in the Receipt, Management, and Government, of the Duties on d>a!t,

shall be assessed upon this Act for their Salaries and other Profits of their Places in the Parish of Saint Mar-

tin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, where the Salaries and other Profits of the

said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

were assessed, and not elsewhere, so as the full Proportion which was assessed on the said Division of Saint

Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty aforesaid, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, be again assessed thereon by virtue of this Act; and so as any other Division, District, Parish.

or Place, to which the said Office has been or may be removed, be not charged with a greater Proportion

in respect of the said Salaries and Profits, than it was in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That out of

the Sum to be assessed on the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Management, and Government, of the

said Duties on Salt, their Clerks and other Officers, there shall be paid to the Collectors of the Land Tax

for the Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office is or may be removed, one Moiety

thereof, and also the Whole of the Land Tax for all ^additional Commissioners, Clerks, and other addi-

37 Geo. III. 3 K tional

*>037,6*7!,

95. 1 q. to be

raised in Great

Britain.

Commissionew,

&c. of the Salt

Office to be af-

sessed in St.

Martin’s Parish.

A certain Por-

tien of such Af-

fcffrnent to be

paid to the Col-

lectors for the

Diflrifl to which

such Office may

be removed.

