The TITLES of the S TAT UTES.

■JlllliMHHl

% I

7S. An Act for dividing and enclofing certain Common

Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford,

called Stone Fields and The Sand Pits. -

7g. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing a certain

Parcel or Traa of Commonable Ground, formerly Part

of Queers or Little Sedgmoor, in the Panto of Saint John

theHapti/l, in Glafionbury,.and also certain Parcels of

Waste'Land in the said Parish, and in the Panto of Sam/

Benedict in Gla/ionl

80. An Act for dividing--n .a

mon Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Pari to

»ty

o

8

dfo

:lo

laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Con.-

mon Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

beck, in the County of Cambridge.

St. An Act for amending so much of an Act, paned in t"e

thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma^etly, in-

. i j Jtn r mrln/ffirr ntui nrntntnv~ the

tituled. An Act for dividing, enclosing, and the

Often Common Fields, Common Commonable and

Iva/le Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and

^« i/iit fif WiintinCTnnn^ afi re-

Parifo ^/Warboys, /» the County of Huntingdon, as re-

Jates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed ^ rpt

out and allotted in lieu of Fythes*

8t. An Act for naturalizing Gzr/ Friedrich Giester.

84. An Act to eftabhto and confirm an Ex^ange made by

and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk

Deighton and Thomas Thornton Llquire, of Part of his

Glebe LanJs, for other Lands there, the Property of the

said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently iitu-

ated for the said Rector and his Successors.

8r. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands at

J Ch or It on Row and Gnndlow, in the County ofLancajter,

in the Guardians of John Hyde Lfcmire, an Infant the

only Son and Reftduary Legatee named in the last Will

and Testament of Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in

Trust, to contract with Holland Ackers Esquire, for the

Sale of, and to convey the fame to him upon the Terms

mentioned and specified in a certain Contract^ made by

the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and

in case the said Holland Ackers toall not be willing to enter

into such Contract, then to contract with any other Person

or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the fame together,

not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the lame

or better Terms.

86. An Act for naturalizing James hebert Hiolboom.

87. An Act for naturalizing JF'illiam Brodum, Doctor ol

Pliyfjc.

8.8, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Holwhede.

\

/

r

