XVIII

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 Gm III.

1

m

105. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners

for the Reduction of the National Debt.

106. An Act to amend an ACT made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an At7, made in

the thirty-fee ond Year of the Reign of His t) resent Maje/lu

intituled, 4 An Act for regulating the Alltnvance of the

4 Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exporta-

4 tiou of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of

4 Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands

4 in Foreign Ships, and for reducing the Bounty on refined

4 Sugars exported in any other than British Ships*

107. An ACt for continuing the Encouragement and Re-

ward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding

the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries

and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Ex-

periments relating thereto.

108. An ACt to continue several Laws therein mentioned

relating to the better Encouragement of the making of

Sail Cloth in Great Britain ; to the encouraging the

Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties

on Foreign Sail Sloth imported ; to securing the Duties

upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-

made Sails with a Duty *, and to the allowing a Bounty

on the Exportation of Britishj-made Cordage.

109. An ACY further to continue an Act, made in the thirty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for establishing Regulations respeffing Aliens arriv-

ing in this Kingdom, or refulent therein, in certain Cajes.

110. An ACt for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime,

Limestone, Dung, and other Articles of Manure, with-

out taking out Sufferance, Transire, orLet-pass.

111. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Work-

men employed in the Paper Manufactory.

112. An ACt for authorizing His Majesty to order the

registering, and the granting Certificates of Registry, to

certain Ships and Vessels, the Property of His Majesty’s

Subjects, which had belonged to, or been in Possession of,

the Enemy, and concerning which. Doubts have arisen

whether they are entitled to be registered according to

the existing Laws in that Behalf.

113. An ACt for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root

from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes,

and Rape Cakes, from any Foreign Country, in British-

built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according

to Law, without Payment of Duty.

114. An ACt to explain and amend an ACt, passed in the

thirty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An An to provide for the Families of Persons

chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and

of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend

an Ail of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Tear of

His present Majesty, intituled, 4 An An for amending,

4 ana reducing^ into one An of Parliament, the Laws

4 relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

4 called England.’

11£. An ACt to enforce the due Execution of an ACt, parted

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An An for

118. An ACt to authorise the Sale of Fifti at Billingsgate,

by Retail.

119. An ACt to enable the United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain

Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House,

and to widen the North End of Lime Street.

120. An ACt for cnablihg the East India Company to per-

form an Engagement entered into by them with William

Sabatier Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton

from the East Indies.

121 An ACt for further continuing the Duty of one Far-

thing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an ACt parted

in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anncy and re-

vived and continued by two Acts passed in the eighth

Year of the .Reign of King George the Second, and in

the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby y

in the County of York.

122. An ACt for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy,

Victualling, and Transport Bills.

123. An ACt for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

on Foreign Wines and British Sweets, and on Foreign

Wines sold by AuCtion.

124. An ACt for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on

Dogs.

123. An ACt for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats.

126. An ACt for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six;

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament.

127. An ACt for enabling the United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase

Ground for building Warehouses upon, and to make a

new Street from Petticoat Lane to white Street, instead

of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

128. An ACt to continue the Term of two ACts parted in

the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George

the Second, and the thirteenth Year of His pre.'ent Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from

The Well) at the North Weft End of the Town or Vil-

lage of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place

called River hid, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said

County.

129. An ACt for enlarging the Term and Powers of

three ACts of the sixth and sixteenth Years of His late

Majesty, and the second Year of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Roads leading from Trades Mill in the

County of Hertford, to Barley and Royftony in the said

County.

130. An ACt for continuing the Term of certain ACts for

repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of

Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

131. An ACt_ for amending, widening, improving,1 and

Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

117. An ACt to exempt Dairies and Rooms used solely for

making, keeping, and dryine Cheese and Butter, from

the Duties on YVindows and Lights.

keeping in Repair,several Roads in and through HisMa-

jest y’s

longing, in the County of Gloucester*y and for turning.

jesty’s Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto be-

10

altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and

for making several new Roads in the said Forest to lead to

certain Places in and near the fame ; and also for amend-

ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads

leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts

of the Parish of Newlandy adjoining the said Forest, and

also leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Finey

Hill in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the

Parishes of Lidncy and Awre, adjoining the said Forest,

in the said County of Gkucejlcr.

13a. An

1

