i

74$

C. 4.r.

Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

A.D. 1798.

501. Penalty for

not delivering

I.irta, Ac.

Perfens not

compellable to

travel more than

ic Miles to dc-

liver Lifts.

Persons begin-

ning, after April

5, *798, to keep

Male Servants,

*c. within 20

Days to give

thereof.

shall neglect to deliver any such Lift, or {hall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained

therein according to this Act, he or {he so offending tyall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty bounds.

XI. Provided always,' That no Person shall be compelled to travel, for the Delivery of any List, in

pursuance of this Act, to a greater Distance from the Place of his or her Habitation than ten Miles, or

to the Market Town neared thereto.

XIL And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the fifth Day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shal! begin to retain or employ any fucU Male Servant, or

keep or use any such Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, (such Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog,

not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty,) shall, within twenty Days

after he or she {hall begin to retain or employ such Servant, or to keep or use such Carriage, Horse,

~ og, caule N

for the District, as the Cafe {hall require, and of the Number of such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules,

----- ^----- r-J t-r — - — ——r t ’ :- ^ . '"O j

Mule, or Dog, caule Notice thereof to be given at the Chief Office of the {aid Commilftonersor Surveyors

50I. Penalty for

Default.

'Persons having

divers Places of

Residence, to

deliver Lifts at

each where he

intends to pay

Duty for any

Servant?, Ac.

every Lift con-

taining the

whole Number

‘kept,-Ac.

Number of each Description respectively intended to be paid for within the

such Lift {hall be delivered; and {hall also at the fame Time make his or 1

50I. Penalty for

tDc fault.

Persons ro de-

liver, between

April 5, and

May 30, yearly,

Lifts of the

greatest Number

of Servants, Ac.

kept at one

Time in the

Year in which

former Lifts

were delivered,

on Penalty of

50I.

Persons deliver-

ing Lifts to

TeceivcReceipts

for them in the

Form in Sche-

dule (F)an-

nexed.

xcl. Penalty on

Persons receiv-

ing Lifts net de-

livering Re-

ceijiU.

and Dogs, and the Parish or Place where such Person {hall reside, describing in such Notice every Servant

retained or employed by such Person by his proper Name, and the several Capacities in which such Ser-

vants respe£livtly shall be retained or employed, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name

and Description, distinguishing the Number of Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and also distin-

guishing each such Carriage liable as a "Faxed Cart, and also describing every such Horse, Mare, or Geld-

ing, distinguishing the Horses mentioned or described in the {aid Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, from the Horses mentioned or described in the said Act passed in the

thirty- sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also describing every Mule or Dog kept by such

Person, distinguishing the Kind of Dog, where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person as aforesaid j

and if any Person required by this Act to deliver such Lilt as last aforesaid {hall neglect to deliver any such

Lift, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, according to this Act,

he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds. ' f

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person required by this Act to deliver such Lift as aforesaid,

having divers Places of Residence as aforesaid, {hall be obliged to deliver such Lift at each of such Places

of Residence where such Person intends to pay the Duties for any such Servants, Carriages, Horses, (Mares

or Geldings,) Mules, or Dogs, and to insert in every such Lift the whole Number of Servants retained

or employed by such Person, and of Carriages, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, Mules, and Dogs, kept by

such Person within the Kingdom of Great Britain ; and shall also, in every such Lift, specify the particular

.r .. l. .L(, Limits the District where

her Declaj^tSopi to be in&rted

in Fuch Lift, and signeft by him or her, specifying the particular Counties or County, and Parishes or

Parish, wherein each such Place of his or her Residence is situate, and also the particular Counties or

County, and Pari (hes or Parish, wherein any of his or her Servants, Carriages, Horses, Marcs, or Geld-

ings, Mules, or Dogs, are kept, and the respective Numbers of each Description kept in such Parishes or

Places respectively, and where the fame, or any of them, arc intended to be paid for, if the fame, or any of

them, are intended to be paid for at any other of those Parishes or Places respectively, than the Parish or

Place where such Lift shall be delivered or given as aforesaid, on Pain that every Person offending in any of

the Particulars before mentioned shall, for every such Offence, forfeited pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to deliver any such Lift as aforesaid, shall,

yearly^ (that is to say,) between the fifth Day of April and the thirtieth Day of May, in every Year, after

such Person shall have delivered such Lift, or ought so to have done, in pursuance of this Act, and he and

{lie is hereby required tocause to be prepared, and to be delivered at one of the respective Offices before-

mentioned, as the Cafe shall require, a true and particular Lift of the greatest Number of such Servants re-

tained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, kept by such Person at any one Time in

the Course of the Year in which the former Lift was delivered, or ought to have been so delivered as afore-

said, which Lifts shall be prepared in the Forms before prescribed, and according to the Directions of this

Act in respect thereof; and shall renew the fame in the same Manner in every Year, so long as such Person

shall be liable to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, on Pain that every Person offending in any of

the said Particulars last mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enated, That every Person who shall deliver any such Lift duly prepared and

filled up, according to the Directions of this Act, to the Surveyor or Inspector, or other Person to

be appointed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be entitled to receive, from the

Person to whom such Lift shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act, an indented Receipt signed

by such Surveyor or Inspector, or other Person aforesaid, acknowledging the Delivery of a List from the

Person by or on whose Behalf the fame shall be prepared as aforesaid, which Receipt shall be made out in the

Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed ; and the fame shall be received and taken as Proof of the De-

livery of a List in pursuance of this Act, in any Court, or before any Person or Persons, and in all Cafes

| j * |d i'ng ’ " Act, shall neglect or re-

forfeit the Sum of twenty

XVI. Pro-

Pounds.

:y or tmt

‘ion shall

