A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C.89. 879

or out of such Pan or Boiler as aforesaid.

Barrows

Officer who

shall take an Account

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the proper Officer of Excise shall have

taken an Account of and ascertained the Number of Baskets. Barrows, or Troughs of Salt made at any

Boiling, the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of such Salt, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of the

Salt Work where such Salt shall be made, shall immediately proceed, with a sufficient Number of his, her,

or their Workmen and Servants, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, to carry or remove all such Salt

into his, her, or their entered Warehouse or Warehotf'es, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts;

apd if such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall neglect or refuse so to

remove such Salt, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Maker or Makers,

Refiner or Refiners of Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, instead of keeping the Salt of

each Boiling or Operation in the Pan or Boiling House until the Whole of each Boiling or Operation shall

be finished, shall be deftrous to carry, remove, or put any Salt of any particular Boiling or Operation into

his, her, or their Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, before any such

Boiling or Operation shall be finished, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Maker or Makers, Refi-

ner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to carry, remove, or put one Half (but neither more nor

less) of the whole Number of Baskets, Barrows, or T roughs of Salt, to be made at each such Boiling or

Operation into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, upon the

Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned ; that is to say. That in the Notice required by this Act to

be given for charging his, her, or their Pan or Boiler with Brine, or other Preparation, such Maker or

Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall specify the particular Number of Baskets,

Barrows, or Troughs, of which such Half of such particular Boiling or Operation shall or will consist, and

the Day, and Hour of the Day, when such Half of the Number of Baskets, Barrows, or Troughs, of Salt

of every such Boiling or Operation shall be carried, removed, or put, into such Warehouse or Warehouses,

Storehouse or Storehoules, or Loft or Lofts ; and also that all the Salt which, according to the Specifica-

tien in such Notice, shall be intended to be carried, removed, or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses,

Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, at each such Removal, shall be actually so carried, removed,

and put, immediately after the proper Officer of Excise hath taken a true Account thereof, and before any

more or other Salt shall be taken out of the Pan or Boiler of that or any subsequent Boiling or Operation.

XXIX. c And whereas certain Refiners of Rock Salt may have in their Custody or Possession, on the

* said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, certain Quantities of Rock Salt,

' and Salt made from Rock Salt, for or in respect of which all his Majesty’s Duties may have been paid f

be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers of Excise, on or

before the tenth Day of Oflobc* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by and with the Privity,

Consent, and Assistance of any such Refiner of Rock Salt, to weigh and take an Account of the Quantity

of Salt and Rock Salt in the Custody and Possession of any such Refiner or Refiners, and if on taking such

Account of the Quantity of Salt and Rock Salt in the Custody and Possession of any such Refiner or Re-

finers, it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of

them respectively, from the Books and Accounts of the Commissioners and Officers for managing and

collecting his Majesty’s Duties on Salt, that all the Duties for or in respect of Rock Salt shall have been

duly paid, for all or any Part of the Rock Salt, or Salt made from Rock Salt, which shall be so taken Ac-

count of by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in the Custody or Possession of any such Refiner or

Refiners as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Ex-

cife, or the major Part of them respectively, to allow to such Refiner or Refiners, out of the Monies which

shall first become due and payable by such Refiner or Refiners, for the Duty charged by virtue of this Act,

at and after the Rate of ten Shillings for every Bushel of Rock Salt, and Salt made from Rock Salt, for

or in respect of which it shall be made appear as aforesaid, that all the Duty payable thereon has been

duly paid, always reckoning one Pound of refined Salt for every Pound of Rock Salt melted : Provided

always. That no such Allowance shall be made, until the Refiner or Refiners claiming the fame shall have

made Oath before the Collector or Supervifcr of Excise, of the Collection or District in which his, her,

or their Refinery shall be situate, (whichOath such Collector or Supervisor respectively are hereby autho-

rized and empowered to administer,) that the Duty of Rock Salt, for the actual Quantity of Rock Salt,

or Salt made from Rock Salt, for or in respect of which he, (lie, or they shall claim any such Allowance as

aforesaid, has been duly paid, and that no Part of such Duty has been before allowed or drawn back.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That if any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock

Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall re-

move, carry, or put any Salt, of which an Account has not been taken by the proper Officer of Excile,

( Rock Salt in the Rock Salt Warehouses adjoining to the Mine or Pit only excepted,) into any1 such entered

Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft as aforesaid, or shall remove or convey out of his, her, or their Pan House,

Boiling House, or Boiling Place, to any Room or Place, any Salt, before the Boiling or Operation of which

such Salt shall be a Part, shall be worked off, or before the Declaration hereinbefore required shall have been

delivered

When the Ac-

count is taken,'

the Salt to, be

removed into

the Warehouse,

on Penalty of

20 1.

Half the Salt of

any Boiling may

be vrarehoused

before the Whole

is finished, on

certain Condi-

tiens. ’ ’

On or before

Oft. 10, 1798,

Officers may

take an Account

of the Quantity

of Salt and Rock

Salt in the Cuf-

tody of Refiners

for which the

Duty has been

paid, and the

Commissioners

of Excise may

make an Allow-

alice of 10 s. per

Buflui out of

the Duty under

this Act.

No such Allow-

alice to be made

hut on Oath that

the Duty has

been paid.

Penalty for

warehousing

Salt of which

no Account has

been taken, or

removing Salt

before the whole

Boiling shall he

worked off, or

