6o8

the Act into

Execution.

Inhabitants of a

Parish lying in

two Counties,

to serve in that

wherein the

Church is situate.

Lifts for two

Places may be

added together.

C: rtain Per-

fons exempted

from serving.

Regulations re-

spefting Edin-

burgh and its

Liberties.

His Majesty

may form the

Militia as he

shall think ex-

pedient.

Deputy Li/u-

t nants and Juf-

tices may re-

quire the At-

tendance of

Constablts, &c.

and may com-

m t or fine them

for Neglect of

Duty.

C. 103. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgi III. A.D. 1797.'

the Sheriff Depute or Substituteof each County or Stewartry shall think reasonable, certifying the fame to

the Lieutenant of the County, or Deputy Lieutenants of the District.

XXIII. And be it further ena^, That where any Parish shall lie in two or more Counties or Stewart-

ries, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Militia of that County or Stewartry wherein the Church

belonging to such Parish is situated, and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, he deemed Part

of the County or Stewartry.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or

more of them, within their respective Districts, to add together, whenever they shall think neceCary, the

Lilts for two or more Parishes, and proceed upon such Lifts added together in like Manner as if they had

been originally returned for one Parish or Place, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot, within

every such District, as equal and impartial as possible. , , ,

XXV. Provided always. That no Person serving as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop or

Company, in his Majesty’s other Forces, or in any Corps of Volunteers raffed by virtue of an Act, passed

in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging and difctpftning

such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol tkemflves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns± or

Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the pnfent JVar, and who shall have been duly en-

tered therein, on or before the passing of this Act, or in any one of his Majesty’s Caltles or Forts, nor any

Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of h>s Majesty’s other Forces, or in any Volun-

teer or Yeomanry Corps, Troop, or Company whatever, provided he hath been duly entered therein on or

before the passing of this Act, and provided he hath punctually attended at all such Times and Places as may

have been agreed upon for the Exercise of such Corps, Troop, or Company, nor any of the Professors in

any of the four Universities, nor any Minister, Clergyman, or Schoolmaster, nor any Constable or other

Peace Officer, nor any Person being and having been, on or before the passing of this Ac!, an articled Clerk,

Apprentice, Seaman, or Seafaring Man, nor any Man having more than two Children born in lawful YVed-

lock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve, in the Militia to be raised by virtue

of this Act; but no Person who has served ih his Majesty’s Forces, or in any other Volunteer Corps before

mentioned, and hath been discharged, or quitted the fame, shall by such Service be exempted from serving,

or providing a Substicute to serve, in the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Ac!, if he iliali be chosen by

Ballot.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within the City and County of the City of Edinburgh and Li-

berties thereof, the Lieutenant thereof shall appoint Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns of Militia, whose

Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men to be raised for the fame; and all

Powers and Provisions made by this ACT with respect to Counties and Stewartries, and the Modes and

Times of summoning and ballotting the Militia thereof, and recording the Qualification of Officers, shall

take place and be in force with respect to the said City and its Militia; and the registering of Qualifica-

tiens, and the Value of the Qualifications of the Officers to serve in such Militia, shall be as follows; every

Field Officer shall be either Proprietor or possessed of Houses and other Property, within the said City

and Liberties thereof, of the Yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Per*

fonal Estate, or Funds alone, or Proprietor or possessed of Real and PeilonaJ Ellate and Funds together,

to the Amount and Value of two thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Captain shall be, in like Manner,

Proprietor or possessed of Houses or other Property, within the said City and Liberties thereof, of the

Yearly Value of fifty Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or Funds alone/or Pro-

prietor or possessed of Real and Personal Estate and Funds together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand

Pounds Sterling; and every Subaltern {hail, in like Manner, be Proprietor or possessed of Houses or other

Property, within the said City and Liberties thereof, of the Yearly Value of fifteen Pounds Sterling, or

shall be possessed of a Personal Ellate, or Funds ^lone, or Proprietor or possessed of Real and Personal Estate

and Funds together, to the Amount or Y'alue of three hundred Pounds Sterling: Saving always and reserv-

ingto the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, all Rights, Immunities, Privileges, and Exemptions, of

which the said College may have been and Hill are in the lawful Possession, and the Benefit of any ACtor A*dt$

of Parliament passed heretofore in their Favour. fti: "T4WMj

XXYHT. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to form the said Militia into such Re-

giments and Battalions, and to join such Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and other Places, together for that

Purpose, as he IhaH think expedient, and in the Manner best adapted for the Defence of the United King-

dom, and to be commanded by such Officers as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, qualified as hereinbe-

fore directed.

XXVill. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of

the Peace within any Subdivision or District, or any two or more of them, one Deputy Lieutenant being

one, from Time to Time to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and Seals, requiring the At-

tendance of the Constable, Borough Officer, or other Officer of any Parish or Place, within such Subdivision

or District, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Con-

stable, Borough Officer, or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or War-,

rant, or shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as before directed, or to comply with such Order or

Directions as he shall from Time to Lime receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the

Peace, or any two or more of them, in puiluance of this Act, a Deputy Lieutenant always being one or

8 shall.

