3$

C. 15.

Anno tricesimo quinto G eorgii III. A.D. 1795

<c Stamp Duty. Treasury to defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to

the Caftiier and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents, under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock

% Y ^ I n /-% k f /% / f I

u

ct

CC

cc

cc

cc

cc

Preamble,

reciting Orders

in Council of

Jan. 16,

and of J; n. 21,

,795*

Tf Goods, Vcf-

fds, &:c. be

seized, the

Commissioners

of the Customs

may release

them, on Proof

of their being

brought into

the Kingdom

agreeable to re-

cited Orders in

Council, &c.

Suits for Acts

done under the

recited Orders

di (charged.

of the 3 per Cents.; and the per Cents, to the joint Mock of per Cents. Annuities of 8r. 6d. to be

added to the Annuities for 99 and 98 Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid out of the C011-

folidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony. The Rank

to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. No Fee shall be taken for re-

ceiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20 / General Iliac. Treble

I Colts.” - > M

; c A P. xv.

An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty’s Orders in Council of the sixteenth and

twenty-first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting

the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of this

Country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in con-

sequence of such Orders.—[16th March 1795.]

WHERP2 AS his Majesty, by his Order in Council bearing Date the sixteenth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was pleased to direct that all Goods, Wares, Merchan-

dizes, and Eftefts whatsoever, coming directly from any of the Ports of the United Provinces to any of

the Ports of this Kingdom in the Vessels of any Country, and navigated in any Manner, be permitted,

until further Order, to be landed and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks of his Majesty and of

the Proprietors, at the Risk and Expence of the said Proprietors, there to remain in safe Custody for

the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof, until due Provisions shall be made by Law to enable such Pro-

prietors to re-export, or otherwise dispose of the fame: And whereas his Majesty, by'his further Order

in Council, bearing Date the twenty-first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

was pleased to direct that all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts whatsoever, belonging to any

of the Subjects or Inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any Subjects of his Majesty, or

to any Subjects of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, coming from any Part of Europe, Asia%

Africa,'or America, in Amity with his Majesty, in Vessels belonging to any Subjects or Inhabitants of

the United Provinces, or to any Subjects of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty,

and bound to any Port of the United Provinces, may, until further Order, be permitted to be landed in

any Port of this Kingdom, and may be secured in Warehouses for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof,

in the same Manner as was directed by the above-mentioned Order of his Majesty in Council, bearing

Date the sixteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: And whereas Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts, which may be brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, or brought

within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, in Confidence of the said Orders, or either of them, may be

subject to Seizure under the Provisions of some Acts or Act of Parliament now in force, and the Ships,

Vessels, or Boats, in or on board which such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Eftefts, may be so

brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, may also, under

like Provisions, be subject to Seizure as forfeited, and the Persons acting therein may be liable to Prose-

cutions and Actions in respect thereof; but as such Orders were so ncceftary for the public Good, and

for the Safety and Preservation of the Property and Effects of his Majesty’s Subjects, and of his Allies,

that all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Eftefts, Ships, Vessels, and Boats, as aforesaid, ought

to be exempted from all Forfeitures; and all Persons who have acted, or shall act, in bringing in the

fame, or who have acted, or shall act, in pursuance of, or according to such Orders, ought to be in-

demnified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That if any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Eftefts as aforesaid; or any

Ships, Vessels, or Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in importing, conveying, or removing

the fame, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue of any Law relating to the Customs or Excise, the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Customs, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction that such Goods, Wares,

Merchandize, or Etfefts were brought, or intended to be brought, into this Kingdom, upon the Faith, or

according to the 'Terms of such Orders respectively, without'any Intention of Fraud in rhe Owner or

Owners thereof, such Commissioners shall cause the fame to be released from such Seizure, and to be

secured for the Benefit of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the

said Orders respectively, and upon such Terms as the said Commissioners shall think fit for the due Execu-

tien of the said Orders respectively, and shall direct; and if such Owner or Owners shall comply with such

Terms, the Officer or Officers who shall have seized the fame shall not proceed for the Condemnation

thereof; but if such Owner or Owners shall not comply with such Terms, such Officer or Officers shall be

at Liberty to proceed to the Condemnation of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Eftefts; nevertheless

such Owner or Owners shall not be entitled to any Damages on Account of such Seizure.

IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat all Personal Actions and Suits, and all

Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prose-

cuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, Ships, Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or

Eftefts, for or by reason of any Act* Matter, or Thing done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or

in coniequence of the said Orders* or either of them, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by

6 virtue

