926

• 3* Geo. 3.

c. iso.

3^000.3.0.150.

C.xxxiii—xxxviii. Anno tricesimoo&avo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

tides refer to the original Act 33 Geo. 3. c, 80. for making the Canal: Andfee also 35 Geo. 3. e. 8.;) It is

enatledy that the said Artides of Agreement shall be, and the fame are ratified, confirmed, and established.]

u Bishop of London to be a Party in all Leases. $ 2. Company authorized to carry the Agreement into

u Execution, by building Wharfs, Warehouses, &c. making Roads, &c. and by supplying Water to the

ct Inhabitants of Houses on the Lands demised, as also to such Inhabitants of any other Houses now erected

“ or to be erected in Paddington Parish, or the Parishes and Streets adjacent, as may agree with theCom-

c< nany for that Purpose. § 3. Company empowered to lay Pipes in the Streets in or about Paddington

“ Parish and the Parts adjacent, to convey the Water. § 4. Certain optional Regulations respect’ing Water

u Pipes to (land ppright, &c. S C Powers given to the Company, by 33 Geo. 3. Cap. 80. extended to this

w Act. § 6. The Company retrained from making any new Cut, &c. § 7. The Company empowered

to raise Money, not exceeding 150,000/. § 8. Rents payable to the Bishop of London and his Lessees to

4C be preferred to all other Demands on the Company. % 9. Rights vested in the Mayor and Commonalty

of London not to be prejudiced. § 10. Expences of this Act, the Agreement, Leases, to be paid by

u the Company. Public Act. $ u»” ^ u SmS 1mm

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepu/cbrey in the City of London ; and for the

better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish.—[26th May 1798.]

[By § 41. of this Act, Power is given to the Trustees under the Act to punish the Parish Poor who shall re-

fuse to work, or who shall swear, or otherwise misbehave themselves, “ either by moderate Correction, Con-

finement, distinguishing them in Dress, Diet, or such other Method as may best tend to remedy such Of-

fences.”—*By § 42. reciting that Part of the Rules of the Fleet Prison are situate within the Parish, and that

Prisoners and their Families, being Parishioners, have become chargeable to the Parish, it is cnafltdy that

Prisoners shall not gain a Settlement by renting Houses, or being rated to the Poor j nor their hired Servants

by their Residence in the Parish.] - 1 I

Cap. xxxv. -

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing the Pari/h of Saint James, in the City and County ^Bristol,

end County a/'Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard and Par.

fonage Housey within the new Parish.—[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxvi. 7i « ■* JjHBI

An Act for altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign

of His present Majesty #, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Me

New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow^ by

Bathgate, to BaillieJlony in the County of Lanerk? and certain Branches of Road from the (kid Line of

Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein.—[26th May 1798.J

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for more effectualljr repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of

Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Maltony and from thence to Scarborough, in the North

Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle Housey in the East Riding of the said County, to

Scarborough aforesaid. — [26th May 1798.]

[Former Acts, 25 Geo* 2. and 9 Geo. 3. repealed, and this Act to take place instead.]

; Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty* one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of^Par-

liament, two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His fate Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the

Parish of Winteiflow, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the Weft Comer of Saint

Anne’s Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to

Ealing, and from Landford aforesaidy through Ower and Test wood,* to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of

Southampton ; and the other passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue

and enlarge the Term and Powbrs of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the

Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurjly and from a Place

called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Foot-

ways within the said City.—[26th May 1798.] -

5 '

