A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 26, 27

5*5

I W ♦-' 4 ' CAP. XXVI.

An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport

Bills, that shall be issued in future.—[30th December 1796.]

4 1 T WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and

4 y, Xranfport Bills:* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, frdm and

after the passing of this Act, every Bill issued by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Navy,

Victualling, and Transport Offices respectively, shall be made payable on a certain Day, to be expressed

in each particular Bill, which Day shall not be later than three Calendar Months from the Date of such

Bill; and that every such Bill shall carry an Interest after the Rate of Three-pence Half-penny per Centum

per Dieniy which shall commence from the Date of the fame, and shall be paid at the Time when such Bill

shall become payable; any former Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding-

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on

certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to dire3

the IJJue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein

mentioned5 and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the

islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.— [30th December 1796.]

4 IT 7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An A Si for enabling his Majesty to di re it the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the

4 Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned, reciting that, in Consideration of the heavy Losses which

4 had been sustained in the Illandsof Grenada and Saint Vincents, in consequence of the late Insurrections, it

4 was expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of one million

4 five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced under certain

4 Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommodation of such Persons connected with or

4 trading to the said islands, as should be desirous of receiving the fame, on due Security being given for the

4 Repayment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited, his Majesty was enabled by Warrant

4 under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury

4 for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to

4 cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty’s Exchequer in Manner

4 therein mentioned: And whereas IAues in Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of nine hundred and ten

4 thousand Pounds, have been made in pursuance of the said Act, whereby great Benefit and Relief have

4 been afforded, not only to the Persons who have received the fame, but such Advantages have been com-

4 municated generally to the Owners of Plantations and Estates in the said islands, and to other Persons

4 connected in Trade therewith; but the Proprietors of Estates in the said islands, from the long Con -

4 tinuance of internal Troubles therein, have not yet been enabled to restore their Estates to a productive

4 State, and many Proprietors of Estates, and other Persons trading to or connected with the said islands,

4 have by reason of the unexpected Continuance of such Troubles, been prevented from procuring and

4 proposing the Securities or Sureties required by the said recited Act, so as to entile them to apply fora

4 Loan of Exchequer Bills under the fame: And whereas, from the present Condition of the said islands of

- Grenada and Saint Vincents, it is expedient to continue and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, and to

4 extend the Times for the Repayment of the Amount of the said Exchequer Bills already issued, upon the

4 Terms and Conditions, and in Manner herein-after specified :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable

Henry Hobart, the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, Sir It'll Ham Pulteney Baronet, Sir John Sinclair

Baronet, the Right Honourable Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Edward Simeon, Ebenezer Maitland, John

JViPiiam Anderson, William Curtis, CJjar/es Grant, George Dorrien, Robert Hunter, Thomas Plummer,

Gabriel Tucker Steward, and Benjamin Savage, Esquires, being the present acting Commissioners under the

said recited Act, and who are severally authorized by, named in, or appointed under the Powers contained

in the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

11. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom

such Exchequer Hills have been issued in pursuance of the said recited Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Execu-

tors, and Admmistrators, and who respectively (h ill be desirous of enlarging or extending the Time limited

by the fad Act for such Repayment, to make Application to the said Commissioners hereby appointed for

any Enlargement or Ex ten lien of the Times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding two Years from the

■T. ¥ 3X2- respective

Nary, VifttiaJ.

liny, and Trans-

port BilL, to be

made payable

not later than

three Months

after Date, with

Thrcc-pcoce

Half-penny per

Cent, per Day

Interest.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 127. re-

cited.

Commit oners.

Persons may

apply to the

Costtnuffioners

to have the

Time of Repay!

mvnt of ExcheA

