A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 76.

845

©t that the new and additional Duties of Customs by this A& imnofed on the Importation thereof, shall be Pofr<1 Dufy that

paid within twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, which Bond shall be taken by the Col- ex-

1» fi C ^ 1 £ V _____ . . 1 n / y 1 « 1 « « 1 . % « ^ . nnrtfH. t\r t

lector of the Customs at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorized and required to take such {^'additional*

Duties shall be paid in a Year

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all C^fcs where the new and additional Du-

ties of Customs hereby imposed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be

paid down in ready Money at the Time of making the Entry, a Discount at and after the Rate of two

Pounds and ten Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the Amount of such Duties shall be allowed and de-

ducted then from. f

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall knowingly and fraudulently make

ajiy false Declaration of the Value of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after the fame shall have

been allowed to be shipped'for Exportation, every such Exporter, Proprietor, Agent, or Factor shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize. .:

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Fees due and payable by Law, at and

immediately before the passing of this Act, upon any Entry or Cocket Inwards or Outwards, shall not be

demanded or taken by or for the Ule of any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, for any additional Entry

required to be made on Account of the new and additional Duties imposed by this Act.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bond to be taken in pursuance of this Act

{hall be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; any Law or Sta-

tute to the contrary notwithstanding. t

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which the

said new and additional Dunes of Customs are hereby impoled, shall be detained by any Officer of the

Customs on Account of the fame not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and ac*'

cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this A cl, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Customs in England for the Time being, or any lour or more of them, and the Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland for the l ime being, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being

made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended upon such Terms

and Conditions as, under the Circumstances of the Cife, shall appear to the said Commissioners of the

Customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they (hill think fit to direct; Pro-

vided always. That if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively,

such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on

Account < f the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action what-

ever for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, onto and for the Use of his Ma-

his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties on Ships and Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof,

entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from Foreign Parts,

as the fame are respectively inferred, described, and set forth in Figures in the 'Fable hereunto annexed,

marked (E.), except as hereinafter is provided.; -

/V - ' wards in Great Britain, from Foreign Parts. (See Exceptions at the End of \^)

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Tonnage Duties

Vfftels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, shall be due and payable to the proper

Officer appointed to receive the same, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel shall so enter Out-

wards or Inwards at any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain \ and that the Tonnage of every such

Ship or Vessel shall be computed and taken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an

A(Sf, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further In-

crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto,

the fame shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the

said A61. . "

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel upon which the Tonnage Duty by this n0 Vcfrd tohe

Act imposed is due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of this Kingdom, cleared inwards

unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proi>cr Officer of the Customs appointed

to receive the same; and in case such Duty shall not be so paid within thirty Days from the Report of any

Ship or Vessel arriving from Foreign Parts, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, or for the Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, if they shall think

fit, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Marts, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to be detained, and

afterwards fold publicly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied fiift to the Charges that

shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the Tonnage Duty imposed by this Act, and toe Overplus

to be. paid to the Proprietor, of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorized by such Proprietor to

'W*' , ' I - receive

On Payment of

Dutits on Entry

for Exportation,

a Discount of

2$ per Cent, to

be allowed.

Persons making

a false Declara-

tien of the Value

of Goods ship-

ped for Export-

ation, to forfeit

the true Value.

Fees not to be

taken for any

additional Entry

on Account of

new Duties.

Bonds not

chargeable with

Sump Duty.

The Com mif-

f>oners of the

Customs may

order Entry to

be amended of

Goods detained

on Account of

not being duly

valued, upon

such Terms as

they think fit,

and if accepted

the Proprietors

shall not be en-

titled to Da-

mages.

From July 5,

1798, the Duties

0* Tonnage in

Table (E.) to be

paid on Vessels

entering Out-

wards or In-

payable every

Vo) age, and to

be computed

according to

26 Geo. 3. c 60.

till tiiel Of nage

Duty is paid,

and if not paid

within a llm.ted

Time, the Vtf-

fel, <Src. may be!’

detained and

fold.

