i

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

fingham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East Butterwick,

in the Parish of Mejfngham, in the County of Lincoln

£9. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields,

Mesne Enclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Town-

ship of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Treeton and Ajlony

in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

30.. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Wanojlrocht.

31. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Ray-

mond Poland.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the

Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act to enable George Pefcod Esquire, a Lunatic, or

his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surrenders, and

Alignments, of such of the Estates devised by the Will of

William Pefcod Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for Payment

of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, fold under

the Decree of the High Court of Chancery.

34- An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Mea-

dows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor

and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk-

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields in the Parishes of Medfleadand Bent-

worth, in the County of Southampton.

36. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish

of Reydony in the County of Suffolk.

37. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Parish of Bradford Pevcrelly in the County of

Dorset.

38. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Parishes of Rockborne, in the County of South-

arnpton, and Wichbury, in the County of Wilts.

39. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-

rifhes of Gifleham and Pakefeldy in the County of Suf-

folk.

40. An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several

Mefl'uages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in SuJJexy Part of

the settled Estates of Sir John Honywood Baronet, in

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising

by Sale thereof, under the Direction of the Couit of Chan-

eery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the

fame U(e$.

41. An Act for vcfling certain settled Estates of Torry Elflon,

late of Holbcach Mar(by in the County of Lincoln, Gra-

zier, but now of Ikifieach Saint Peter's, in the Isle of

Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Eliza-

beth his Wife, situate at Gonnerby, Manthorbe, and Ailing-

ton, in the said County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trust,

to convey the fame to the Right Honourable Brownlow

Lord Brownlow, and for laying out the Purchase Money

in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the

fame Ufcs. - *

42. An Act for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the

WiH of Jacob Houblon Esquire, for Part of the Estates

comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John

Houblon Esquire.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Seymour

Baity Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of

Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the

Monies thence arising, in Discharge of Incumbrances,

and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the

Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates* to

be settled in lieu thereof.

44. ^ An Act to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the last

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Ati to explain and

amend an Act, passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the

Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, 4 An Act

4 for aug?nenting the Number of Canons Refidcntiary in the

4 Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and for improving the

4 Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedraland to make

further rrovision for the Canons Residentiary in the said

Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund

thereof.

45. An Act for vesting certain P'reehold and Copyhold

Estates devised by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Ef-

quire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Car-

marthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and

Liberties of London and Wefjninjler, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale,

together with the Sum of fifty-three thousand three hundred

and thirty-three Pounds three Shillings and Four-pence,

Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities,

Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the

High Court of Chancery, on Trust, in a certain Cause in

the said Court, Macna?nara against Jones, being the clear

Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur

Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments

to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said

Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates so to be purchased,

, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to Re-

strictions. * * ! ; .TRjj 3

46. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging,

allotting, and fencing, the Open and Commonable Ara- '

ble Lands’, and for dinting and regulating the docking

and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet

of Catcott, within the Parish of Moorlincb, in the County

of Somerset.

47. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open and

Common P'ields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Lands, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish

of Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

48. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Pields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish

of Wilbarston, in the County of Northampton.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mon, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood Com-

mon, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County

of Hereford.

50. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Common

and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of

Sicklinghall with Woodhalty in the Parish oI Kirkby Over-

blow, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the

Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Places, within the Parish of Shrewtony in the County of

Wilts.

52. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands,

