I

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 28.

to the Wife or Mother of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines,

or Marine, or to the Person that may be appointed to receive the same for the Use of the Child or Children,

in the Event of the Death of such Wife, in Manner as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all and every such Receipts and Certificates taken from the Wife or

Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or

Marine, or from the Person that may be appointed in Manner aforesaid to receive such Allotment for the

Uteof the Child or Children, in case of the Death of the Wife, together with the Ceitificatcs of the

Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder, as the Cafe may be, by the Treasurer of

the Navy, for Payments made by him to such Wife or Mother, or to such Person to be appointed in

Manner aforesaid, in case of the Death of the Wife, and all the Payments made by'him to any Receiver

General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or

to their respective Orders, in virtue of such Alignments made by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any

three or more of them, as before mentioned, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers to

the Treasurer of the Navy for so much Money as shall have been paid by himself to the Wife or Mother

of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or

to the Person that may be appointed in Manner aforesaid, in the Event of the Death of such Wife, or as

shall have been directed to be paid by him to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the

Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or to their respe&ive Orders, by such Align-

ments as aforesaid, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such to the Treasurer

of the Navy, in parting his Accounts. 1 ’

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by the

Legislature of the Kingdom of Ireland, making Prdvision for Payment in that Country to the Wife or

Mother, or for or on Account of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-

commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, in his Majesty’s Navy, of the Sum allotted out of his Wages

or Pay for the Maintenance and Support of his Wife and Child or Children, or Mother, it shall and may be

lawful to, and in the Power of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of

Marines, or Marine, to desire that such Part of his Wages or Pay, which he shall allot for the Maintenance

of his Wife and Child cr Children, or Mother, may be paid by any Collector of the Revenue, or Revenue

Officer, in Ireland, and in such Care the Regulating Officer for entering Men for the Navy, or the Captain

or Commander of such Ship or Vellel as aforesaid, as the Cafe may be, is hereby required, in the Lift he

is herein-before directed to make out, to mark, in a separate Column, that such Payment is requested to

be made in Ireland, the Name of the Wife or Mother of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman,

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and that he has a Child, or how many Children,

distinguishing how many of such Children are Boys, and the District or Address of the Collector or

Revenue Officer by whom such Payment is desired to be made in Ireland; and such Regulating Officer, or

Captain or Commander, shall, upon the Triplicates of such Declaration and Order for Payment as are

above mentioned, address the fame to the Collector or Revenue Officer in Ireland, by whom such Payment

is desired to be made; and the Commissioners of the Navy, upon receiving such Lifts, Declarations, and

Orders as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed to examine, number, date, and sign the fame, in Manner

as before directed, and shall in like Manner cut the said Triplicates asunder through the oblique Lines,

Flourifhcs, and Devices, and shall cause one of the said Declarations and Orders to be transmitted forthwith

to the Person named therein, as the Wife or Mother of fdch Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-

commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, and another of the said Triplicates to be transmitted forthwith

to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the third of the said Triplicates to be delivered forth-

with to the Treasurer of the Navy. '

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in the Event of the Death of the Wife of

any Petty Officer, or Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whose

Wife resided in Ireland, and was entitled to an Allotment out of the Wages of her Husband, to be paid in

Ireland, the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be observed with respect to the appointing of a

proper Person in Ireland to receive the same Allotment out of the Wages of such Petty Officer, Seaman,

or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, for the Maintenance of such Child or

Cnildren, which he may have, under fourteen Years of Age, as are herein-before direJled respecting the

Child or Children of such Petty Officers, Seamen, or Landmen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines,

or Marines, whose Wives shall die in Great Britain, save that the T riplicate of the Appointment of such

Person who may be appointed to receive the said Allotment in Ireland, in the Form and Manner before

mentioned, and which is herein before directed to the Receiver General of the Land 'Fax, Collector of the

Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque in Great Britain, shall be transmitted to the

Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

XXIV. And be it ertadled by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Sum allotted by any Petty Officer

Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to be paid to his Wife, 01

Mother, or for the Maintenance of his Child or Children, out of his Wages or Pay, shall have been

actually paid by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, such Sum or Sums shall be

repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the fame to the Com-

tnissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or to their Order, upon their producing and delivering the Receipt or

Receipts of such Wife or Mother, or Person to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, and the Certificate

or Certificates of the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder before mentioned,

to the Commissioners of the Navy, they, or any three of them, having previously assigned the fame upon

the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment.

35 Geo. III. K XXV.

or

__________1

65

Receipts for

Fiyincnts made

by the Trea-

surer of the

Navy, Sic. to

be fuilicient

Vouchers.

Regulations for

Payment of

Allotments of

Pay in Ireland.

On Death of

Wives receiv-

ing Allotments

of Pay in Ire-

land, the Re-

gulations in

such Event in

Great Britain to

be observed,

except as to the

Transmission of

Triplicaus of

Appointment.

Allotments paid

by the Comm if-

lioners of the

Revenue in Ire-

land to be re.

paid by the

Treasurer o|

the Navy.

