A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 109, 110.

and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years

of His said Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth Years of His present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament.

IIL And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty Ki.ig George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made

Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom ; and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty ; and for ex-

plaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one

complete Set of Sails, made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the twenty-

sixth and ihirty-(econd Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth, fourteenth, twenty-

second, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame it hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

tember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of 1&i\i\fh-made Cordage, and for diseontinuing the

Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported, which was to be in Force from the first Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the Term of three Years ; and which, by another

Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term

of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another

Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the

Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so far as the fame

relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage ; and which, by another Act,

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, amended, and further con-

tinued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment ; and which, by another Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was

further continued for the further Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next beilion

of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued for the further Term of four Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIX.

An Act further to continue an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the

tituled. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in

certain Cafes.—[18th May 1796.J *

u 33 HI. 4* recited, and continued to Jan. 5, 1797, and to the End of the then next Session.,

Reign of His present Majesty, in-

this Kingdom, or resident therein, in

CAP. CX.

An Act for permitting the carrying Coastwise of Lime, Lime Stone, Dung, and ocher

Articles of Manure, without taking out Sufferance, Transire, or Lec-pass.

[18th A/ay 1796.]

‘ IT /HERE AS it is expedient that Lime, Limestones, and other Articles, necessary for the Cultivation

W and Improvement of Land, should be removed Coastwise, with as little Expence as possible:* Be it

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no Sufferance,

Warrant, Transire, or other Document whatever, shall be required by any Officer or Officers of the Cuf-

toms for or on the shipping, carrying, conveying, removing, or landing Coastwise, within the Kingdom of

Great Britain, of any Lime, Li melton e. Chalk, Sand, Marie, or Dung, nor shall any Fee, Gratuity, or

Reward, be charged, received, or taken, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for or on the shipping,

carrying, conveying, removing, or landing Coastwise, within the said Kingdom, of any of the said Articles,

on any Pretence whatever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

36 Geo. III. 3 F

399

Cloth as amend-

by 33 Gto.

Ill* Cap. 49.

continued to

Sept. *9, 1799,

Sc c.

19 Geo. II.

Cap. 27. for

the more effec-

tual securing

the Duties on

Foreign-made-

Sail Cloth im-

ported, conti-

nued to Sept.

*9» 1799» *c*

6 Geo. III.

Cap. 45, so far

as relates to

granting a

Bounty on Ex-

portation of

British-made

Cordage, conti-

nued for four

Years.

From June i,

1796, no Suf-

ferance to be

required for

shipping or

landing Coast-

wife Lime, Sec.

CAP

