XXV11

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

38. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven.

39. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this

present Section of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising

a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewar-

tnes, Rcyal Burghs, and Toums, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's

Army and Navy. '.,

4°- An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Com-

panies in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to

issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited

'l ime; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued

Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United

Kingdom. '

41. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfistence to be

paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

42. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the

eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch-

ing, the Town of Northampton, and /or removing and

preventing Encroachments, Objlruftions, and Annoyances

therein; and for continuing the Term of certain 'l olls by

the said A St granted.

43. An Act for building a New Chapel at Plymouth Dock,

in the Parish of Stock uamarel, in the County of Devon.

44. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act pafeed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and other-

wife improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of

Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments,

Obstrudlions, and Annoyances therein.

45. An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited

Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of Coun-

cil of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Calli by the

Bank.

46. An Act for making certain Annuities, created by the

Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, transferable, and

the Dividends thereon payable, at the Bank of England;

and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such An-

nuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England.

47. An Act for discharging the Estates of John Yeldbam

Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the

Conditions therein mentioned.

48. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more ef-

fedlual two Acts, made in the eleventh and fifteenth Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Regulation

and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed',

and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and

also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

49. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the

Harbour of Eyemouth, in the County of Berwick.

50. An Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and pre-

serving, the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of Ale-

rioneth.

51. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their several

Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the

making thereof; and for amending an Act passed in the

thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

treking the said Navigation, and several other Works in

such Ad mentioned.

52. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute La-

bour in the County oI Fife \ and for more effectually

making and repairing the Highways within the said

County.

53. An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Order

in Council of the third Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, for an Increase of Pay and

Provisions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Ma-

jesty’s Navy; and to amend so much of an Act, made in

the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

as enables Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned

Officers of Marines, and Marines, to allot Part of their

Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or

Mothers.

54. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of

the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to vary the

Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render

the Execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less

expensive; and for altering and amending the Act, pallid

in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, for making the said Canal.

55. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish

Church of Alilbrooke in the County of Southampton, and

for enlarging the Church Yaid of the said Parish.

56. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twentieth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge

across the River IVye, between IFhitney and Clifford in the

County of Hereford.

57. An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five

hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities.

58. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Bridge over the

River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County

of Salop, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

59. An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends

on a Loan of one million hx hundred and twenty thousand

Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Re-

demption of the Capital to be created thereby; for en-

abling the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

land to retain the Sums granted for repaying Advances

made by them for the Public Service; and for repaying

to the Contributors to the Loans of fourteen millions five

hundred thousand Pounds, and one million six hundred

and twenty thousand Pounds, the Excels of their Depoliis

beyond the proportional Deposits to the said Loans.

60. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on In-

dentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attormes in any of the

Courts in England therein mentioned.

61. An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited

Time, an Act pallid in the present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act tosuspend, for a limited Time, the Opera-

tien of t wo Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the

Reign of His present Alajejly, for refraining the Negoci-

ation of Promi//ory Notes and Inland Bills off Exchange,

under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain

called England.

62. An Act to reviye and continue, for a limited Time, and

amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking

Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^

to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited

Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued

Notes for small Sums oj' Money in that Part of the United

Kingdom

e 2

63. An

