xvi The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 GW. III.

60. An Act to regulate the making and vending of Metal

Buttons; and to prevent the rurchafers thereof from

being deceived in the real Quality of such Buttons.

61. An Act for further continuing and amending the several

Acts pasted for preventing the Frauds and Abuses com-

mitted in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City

and Liberty of Wcjtminjhr, and that Part of the Duchy

of Latte after adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of

Saint Giles in the Fiells and Saint Mary - le-B one, and

such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holism, as lies

in the County of Middhfex.

62. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl

of JVcJlmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple,

all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His

Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay

Fermes and Shortwood and Mo rehay, in the Forest of

Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full

and adequate ConliJeration to be paid for the fame.

63. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Karl of

Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the

Estate, Right, Title, and Imcreft, remaining in His Ma-

jesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Wefthay, in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton,

upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the

fame.

64. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch

Hatton Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all

the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His

Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the

Bailiwick of Rockingham,\n the Forest of Rockingham, in

the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate

Consideration to be paid for the fame.

65. An ASfor rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Paul,

Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Weft min ft er, in the

County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging

thereto; for repairing and reinstating the Iron Rails in-

closing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates lead-

ing thereto; and for making several Regulations relating

to the said Parish.

66. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing

an Act, pasted in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening, im-

proving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the

Streets, Lancs, and other Publick Passages and Places, with-

in the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent;

for removing and preventing Encroachments, ObjlruElions,

Nuisance'i, and Annoyances therein ; for better Supplying the

said Town with Water, and for repairing the Higfjways

within the PariJJo of Maidstone, to raise a further Sum of

Money for completing the Purposes of the said AS.

67. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from

Atorwelham £hiay, in the Parish of Tavijhck, in die

County of Devon, to Tamer-ton Bridge, in the Parish of

North Tamerton, in the County of Cornwall, and also a I

certain Collateral Cut from Powljon Bridge, in the Pa-

rish of Lifton, in the said County of Devon, to Richgrove

Mil!, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, near to the Borough

of Launccfton, in the said County of Cornwall.

68. An Act fur making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen,

or SaintWichclas, into the River Don, at or near the

South Ena of the Bridge over the fame (adjacent to the

Royal Burgh of Inverurie\ in the Parish of Kitiiorc, all

within the County of Aberdeen, North Britain.

69. An Act to amend an Act of the thirtieth Year of His

present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navi-

gable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a

Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in

the County of Glamorgan, and for extending the said

Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below the

said Town.

70. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete the

fame.

71. An Act to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County

cf Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Nethcrpool, in

the County of Chester, and also for making and maintain-

ing certain Collateral Cuts from the /aid intended Canal;

and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whit-

church Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and

for extending the fame from Franckton Common to Sherry-

man's Bridge, in the Parish of JVhitchurch, in the said

County of Salop, and for making and maintaining several

other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate

therewith. ^ -

72. An Act for dividing, alloting, enclosing, draining, and

preserving certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called

The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the Manor

and Parish of Ratnftu in the County of Huntingdon, and

for repealing an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

tuled, An Atl for draining and preserving certain Fen

Lands and Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Ram-

fey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground,

and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and

of Doddington, in the ljle of Ely, and County of Cam-

bridge, and for making more effectual Provision for those

Purposes.

73. An Act for laying an additional Tax upon the Lands

within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the

Fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise

Great Porfand, in the County of Lincoln, for the further

Support and Prefenvation of the principal Banks and

Works of the said North Level.

74. An Act for raising the Sum of seven millions five hun-

dred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities.

75. An Act for further continuing for a limited Time an

AS, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effefiuat

Administ ration of the Office of a Just ice of the Peace in such

Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie. in

and near the Metropolis, and for the snore effectual Pre-

vention of Felonies.

76. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have aSed in

consequence of Orders in Council, issued since the ewen-

ty-second Day of November one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, for the Admission of certain Articles of

Merchandize in Neutral Ships ; and to authorize the if-

suing of Orders in Council for the like Purpose, for a li-

mited Time. . .. ni

77. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last

Section of Parliament, intituled, An Ah for the Encou-

ragement of the Mackarel Fishery.

78. An Act for charging the Duty on iMahogany imported

by Weight.

79. An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead

imported into this Kingdom-

80. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences

to fell Gloves and Mittens by Retail.

81. An Act for allowing the Importation of Mclaftes from

any Country in Britiftj Ships or Vessels, and in Ships or

Vessels

