A.D. 1796.

tricesimo

C. 17

49*

V?

40

rits, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wafti or Liquor, made or brewed from

any oort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and

except such Counties and DistriiSls of the Highlands, as in an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign

P* present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of

Brililb-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are paiticuiatly specified, de-

scribed,and enumerated, there (lull be charged the Annual Sum of thirty-six Pounds:

r or and upon every Gallon, English VVinc Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

-eam C3rn ak('*n<^.’) which shall be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the making or

diuil.ing of Low Wines or Spirits from Mclalles or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the annual Sum of

sixty Pounds :

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cuhical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

*!?c ,^eam can afeend,) which shall he used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the making or

fliftilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder or Wash, prepared from

roreign Materials, (except Melalles and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, the Annual Sum of seventy-

two Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and tvery Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend,) which (lull be used or employed in any Part or Place in Scotland, for the recti-

fying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or ltrong Waters, the Annual Sum of thirty-lix

Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, Englifl) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Appara-

tus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be c died or known, as

high as the Steam can afeend,) which shall be used or employed by any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers, of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from

Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of

British Materiais, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, the Annual Sum of thirty six Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus

therewith cornu-died, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can alcend,) which shall be used or employed by any such Oilfiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Englandfo r making Low Wines or Spirits from Me-

Jades or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Annual Sum of sixty

Pounds: .j " ‘ 1

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can alcend,) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller <»r Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from

Foreign refused VVines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melasses and

Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the annual Sum of seventy-two

Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, I ube, or other Apparatus

therewith conne<5ted, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend,) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers

of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any

Kind of Spirits or strong Waters, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain calied Scotland,

the annual Sum of thirty-six Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, shall from

Time to Time be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid by such Persons, at such Times, in such

Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and

with such other Powers, and subjectto such other Powers, and subjedi to the like Allowances, Repayments,

Abatements, Rules, and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, as by several

Acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Regulation

of Disiitleries in Scotland, and the Exportation cf fHt\i\[h-made Spirits J'rom England to Scotland, and from

Scotland/? England, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in F orce, concerning the several Matters

and Things respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, is directed or prescribed ;

and that all the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned

3 S ' and

from British

Material., in

Scotland, (far©

Hi excepted by

33 Geo. 111.

Cap. 6t.) 36 h

annually:

For each Gnlloo,

of every Still,

used in Scot,

land, where

Melasses or Su-

gar arc used,

Col.j and

whirc other

Fore.on Mate-

rials arc used,

7 li.j and

for each Gallon

of reflifying

Stills, 361

For each Gall oft

of Stills, used

in England for

making Spirits

from Briu/h Ma-

terials, for Ex-

portation to

Scot-and, 361. j

For©acb Gallon

wlitre MtlaflVf

or Sugar arc so

.uftd, 601., and

xrhere other

Foreign Mates

rial* are ufod»

7iLi and

for each Gjilan

of reflifying

Stills, 361.

Duties to be

raised, &c. ac-

cording to Mats*

33 Geo. 111.

Cap. 61 35 Geo.

111. Cap. 59. and

the other Laws

now in Force.

