C. 54. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795*

as Mfo Letters

to them.

26 Geo. II.

Cap. 15.

Packets, not

exceeding one

Ounce, con-

taining' Sam-

ples, to be

charged as Tin-

gle Letters.

Provided nevertheless, that no Letter or Letters sent by the Pod, from any Non-commissioned Officer,

Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty’s Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or

Marines, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Rate ot Portage chargeable upon Letters according

to the Laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such Letter, in the Hand Writing of, and

signed by the Commanding Officer for the Time being of the Ship or Vessel, or of the Corps, Regiment, or

Detachment, to which such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, employed in his Majesty’s

Service, shall respectively belong, the Name of such Commanding Officer, and of the Ship, Vessel, Corps,

Regiment, or Detachment, commanded by him.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

no Angle Letter sent by the Port, directed to any Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, em-

ployed in his Majesty’s Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, upon his own

private Concerns only, whilst such respective Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private shall be em-

ployed on his Majesty’s Service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable by virtue of any Act of

Parliament now in force, with an higher Rate of Portage than the Sum of one Penny for each such Letter;

which Sum of one Penny shall be paid at the Time of the Delivery thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no

such Letter shall be exempted from the Rate of Portage chargeable upon Letters according to the Laws now

in force, unless every such Letter shall be directed to such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private,

employed in his Majesty’s Service, specifying the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company, or

Detachment, to which he may belong ; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Deputy Post-

master of the Town or Place to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any

Person except to the Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private, to whom such Letter shall be direct-

, or to any Person appointed to receive the lame by the Commanding Officer of the Ship, Vessel, Regi-

ment, Troop, Corps, Company, or Detachment, to which the Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or

Private, to whom such Letter shall be directed, shall belong.

IX. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-rtxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring

4 George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removals of Tobacco

4 by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco ; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for

4 the Postage of certain Letters *, and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous

4 Liquors by Retail; it was declared and enacted, that, for every Angle Letter or Cover, containing one or

4 more Paper or Papers, with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, or

4 Stufl^ or one or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or one or more Piece or Pieces of

4 any other Sort of Thing inclosed therein, or affixed thereto, though not Paper, if the fame together did

4 not weigh an Ounce, the Rates payable for a double Letter should be paid, and no more : And whereas it

4 may be expedient to permit Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, and other Goods, and small Samples of other

4 Sorts of Things, to be transmitted by the Port at a more easy Rate of Portage:’ Be it therefore en-

acted, That, from and after the parting of this AS, every Packet or Cover containing therein, or having

affixed thereto, one or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth,

Silk, Stuff, or other Goods, or one or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Thing, not exceeding ,

together one Ounce in Weight, shall be chargeable and charged with no higher Rate of Portage than as a

single Letter, so as every such Packet or Cover shall be sent open at the Sides, and without any Letter or

Writing in, upon, or with such Packet or Cover, other than the Name or Names of the Person or Per-

fons fending the fame, and the Place or Places of his or their Abode, and the Prices of the Articles con-

tained therein, or affixed thereto. . ^HpfJ

CAP. LIV.

Salt may be im-

ported, or Bri-

ti ill Salt used,

for curing Mac-

knrel, Sec. for

Home Con-

fumption, as

for Herrings

or Pilchards.

5 Geo. I.

• Cap. 18.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery.—[5th May 1795.]

c T T WHEREAS it is expedient that the Fisheries of this Kingdom should receive every reasonable En-

‘ VV couragement from Time to Time they may be found to require, and which it is in the Power of

4 Parliament to bellow:’ May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the parting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Fish Curer in Great Britain to import any

Quantity of Foreign Salt, or to take any Quantity of British) Salt from any Salt Works or Salt Pits, and to

bring, carry, transport, and remove coastwise, the Saltfo imported or taken for the Purpose of curing Mac-

karel, or any Cod, Ling, Hake, or Salmon, being taken in the Mackarel Fishery, for Home Consump-

tien, without paying any Duty to his Majesty for the fame, except the Customs due on the Importation

thereof, in as full and ample a Manner as any Curer or Curers of Fish engaged in the Herring or Pilchard

Fishery are enabled to import, take, carry, and transport the fame coastwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts

of Parliament now in force for the Purpose of curing Herrings or Pilchards for Home Consumption, and

underand subject to all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, and with the

fame Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as in the said Acts, or in any After Acts of Parliament relating to

Salt used in the said Herring or Pilchard Fishery, for curing Herrings or Pilchards for Home Consumption

are contained. K \

II. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the Afth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, it is enact-

, 4 That for every Barrel of Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, exported from any Port or Place in

4 Great Britain into Parts beyond Seas, a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be paid: And

4 4 whereas

