214

C. 119.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Dcwrs may he

broken open.

Ricovery and

Application of

Penalties.

Contrafts for

Delivery of

Spirits during

?!ic Continu-

alice of this Act

void.

limitation of

.Aftions.

11 iiuiiuicu dim uiiivi y live y uc it tn^i c luiuiti UIUULU uy uit aiuitiaiu^ a uai vvu-

ts or Bargains made by any Distiller or Distillers, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Spirits,

ins, or Yeft, to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby

Central Iffuc.

Trtble Costs.

This Act may

be pleaded in

Scotand.

Commitfi on-

ers of Excise

in Scotland to

make an Al-

lowance of the

Duties on Stills

for the Time

they are pre-

vented working

under this Act.

His Majesty

may authorize

(he making

o\ Spirits at

any Time after

July 20, 1795.

Spirits from

Corn, deposited

in Warehouses

for Exportation

before June 20,

1795, may be

taken out for

Home Con-

fumption cn

ravrrent of

0

Duty.

Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession

such Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, belonging to such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, shall be

found, shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of ten Pounds for every

(Quarter, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters ; and the said Officer or Officers, and other Perfuu

or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he

or they shall take to his or their Affiffance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Granaries, and other

Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof in case they be not forthwith opened on Demand.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods,

as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws

of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record

at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or f orfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety tohiru

or them who shall inform, diicover, or sue for the same.

IX. And whereas there may have been Contradls made by Distillers, with several Persons, for Spirits,

Grains, or Yell, to be delivered and received at future Times, after the tenth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Con-

r\ 1 , * 1~N* /I 'll _ A *11 1 ^ e* r* % . r r f* •

tracts

Grains

declared to be suspended.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons, for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be

commenced within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed; and if

such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the

Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and

the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance

and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defend-

ant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and

have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law;

and if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the

Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall allow the Defender to plead this Act on his

Defence, and the Pursuer shall not infill on his Action ; or if Judgment shall be given against such Pursuer,

the Defender shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action

or Suit. , '

XI. 4 And whereas, by divers Laws now in force, certain annual Duties are imposed upon Stills used for

‘ distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain, in Proportion to the Contents of such Stills : And whereas it is rea-

‘ sonable that an Allowance should be made, for such Part of the usual Season for diddling, during which they

‘ may be prevented from working in consequence of this Act:* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make

such Allowances to the Persons taking out such Licences respectively, as shall appear to the said Cotn-

missioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three of

them, to be reasonable. . ,

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in ca(e his Majesty, at any

Time or T imes after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall, in his Royal

Discretion, judge it to be mod for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom, to permit the making of

Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour,

or Bran, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Procla-

mations to be issued, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty’s Order in Council,

to be published in the London Gazette, from Time to Time, to permit and fuss'er all and every Person and

Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but pot any particular Person or Persons,) at any Time or Times after

the said tenth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, to make Low Wines and Spirits

from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran> any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Distillers, who shall

have deposited any Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from Corn, before the twentieth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, according to the

Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

among other Things, for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-mzdc Spirits in any

such Warehouse as is mentioned in the said A61, shall be desirous of uling any such Spirits for Home Con-

fumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire to the Commissioners of Excise in England and

Scotland respectively for the Time being, the said respective Commissioners respectively shall cliredf the

Quantity of Spirits so desired to be taken out of such Warehouse, and delivered to such Distiller or Distil-

lers, he, she, or they having first duly paid to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise a Duty of Excise at

and after the Rate of forty Pounds eighteen Shillings and two Pence Farthing for each Ton of such Spi-

rits of the Strength they were taken into such Warehouse, (that is to say,) one in fix under Hydrometer

Proof, any Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding ; and rhe said Duty Ihatt

5

be

