A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 119—122^

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said herein-before in Part recited A£L

passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as redrains or prohibits the Sale of Fifti by

Way of Retail in Billing [gate Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from BillingJ-

gateDock, in the fame I)ay upon which the fame shall have been before fold in the fame Market, or within

the said Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from Billing[gate Dock, but no further, or otherwise, shall,

from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Provisions to the contrary in the said herein-be-

before recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the fame or the like Effect contained, it

shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, from and after the* passing of this Act, by Way or in the

Manner of Retail, (but in no other Manner,) to fell a second Time, and not oftener, in BiUingJgate

Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from BiUingJgate Dock> any Fifti whatever, al-

though the fame Fish shall on the same Day have been fold once before by Wholesale in the fame Market, or

within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from BiUingJgate Dock; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Cuf-

tom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London,

in Common Council aft'embled, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from T ime to Time appoint

the Hour for the Commencement of the Sale of Fish by Retail in BiUingJgate Market, or within the said

Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from BiUingJgate Dock\ and that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall have the like Power, Authority, Ju-

rifdidlion, and Controul, over the said Market, for the Sale of Fish by Retail, as they now have over the

(cveral other public Markets of the said City.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act,

and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, with-

out the fame being specially pleaded. 5 ' ! .

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to enable the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East- Indies^ to purchase

certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the East India House, and to widen the North End of Lime

Street.—[ 18th Alay 1796.] /

t iJ4T| , CAP. CXX. *

An Act for enabling the East India Company to perform an Engagement entered into by them, with IFit-

liam Sabatier Gentleman, respecting the Importation of Cotton from the East Indies.—[ 18th May 1796. J

44 The Preamble dates that Mr. Sabatier has invented a Method of retaining Cotton in a much less Space

44 than heretofore: 7'hat the East India Company entered into an Engagement with him to pay a certain

44 Percentage on all Cotton imported, &c.: And that by Act 33 GeoAll. Cap. 52. the Company are dif-

44 abledfrom performing their Engagements, so far as relates to the Trade of Individuals. T he Company

44 are hereby empowered to dcdudl the Percentages, and pay them to Mr. Sabatier \ who is to-deliver to the

44 Secretary of the Company a Specification of the Bales retained according to his Method. T his Adfc

44 shall have Commencement immediately after it shall have received his Majesty’s Royal Assent, and con-

44 tinue in force for fourteen Years.”

* ! 1 4 t f r % v # / ( v V 4

J CAP. CXXI.

f w J g # ^ r

An Act for further continuing the Duty of one Farthing/>*r Chalder on Coals, granted by an Ach passed in

the fird Year of the Reign of Queen Jnne> and revived and continued by two Acts, passed in the eighth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixth Year of the Reign of His pretent Ma-

jesty, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of lPrbitby, in the County of York,

% . _ , ' r [i$kh Alay 1796.]

CAP. CXXII.

1 Act for granting Annuities to satisfy

tt

44

*4

44

((

(4

(4

44

44

44

44

44

Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bills, made out on or before May 31, 1795, with Intcred to April 30,

1796, marked thereon at the respective Offices, carried to the Navy Office by July 1, 1796, to be ex-

changed for Certificates to the Bank entitling the Holder to 105/. Stock per 100l.; and such Bills made

out after May 31, and on or before Sept. 30, 1795, to be exchanged for Certificates entitling to 104/.

Stock p*r 100l. Stock to bear 5/. per Cent. Intcred from Jan. 5, 1796. Holders of Bills may deliver

them to be marked. Intered to be marked upon Bills before Delivery at the Navy Office. Treasurer of

the Navy to receive, mark, and cancel Bills, and make forth Certificates. Certificates to entitle to an

Annuity of $ /. per Cent. per Ann. from Jan. 5, 1796, which shall be personal Edate and free from Faxes.

Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund, and irredeemable till 25,000,000 of the 3 /. or 4/.

perCents. be paid off. Treasurer of the Navy to give Certificates to the Amount of such Bills and In-

tered, which may be assigned before Obi. 29, 1796, and shall be free from Stamp Duties. Guardians

may deliver up Bills for Benefit of Infants. Executors, fc. may deliver up Bills in their Possession in

Trud, vifc» Bank to receive Certificates, and give Credit for the Principal Sums of 105 /. and 1041, per

44 too/.

411

So much of the

recited Act as

restrains the

Sale of Fish by

Rerail at Bit.

lingfgate re-

pealed.

Authorizing:

the Sale of Fish

at Billingleate

by Retail.

Court of Com-

morvCouncii to

have the fame

Jurisdiction

over the said

Retail Market,

as overthe other

public Markets

of the City.

Public Act.

