A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 39, 40.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be

enrolled, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers and such Ser-

vant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service, performed

bef re the 1 ime of such Enrolment, or to such T ime as he shall be obliged to quit the Ser vice of his said

M fter, Mistress, Empoyer or Employers, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any

Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Matter, Mistress, Employer or Em-

ployers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon

Oath every such Sei vant. or any other Witness or Witnesses touching the fame, and to make such Order for

the Payment ot so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, as to such

Jfuft ce shall seem just and reasonable, and in case of Refus.il or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered, by the

Space of seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and miy issue forth his Warrant to levy

the fame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers,

rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and

Sale. , . f -

XIVr. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this A6E shall, in the Execution of

,/* 1___A _______/I* a w:_r___o ,-r / , . / 1 . . . . 1.

529

the said firtt recited A<£I nafled in this present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed in like

Manner, as it me fame Provisions were specially enacted in the said Adit; and all ami every the Provisionsof

the said Act (except in so far as hereby altered) shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, ex-

tended, and construed in like Manner as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL.

An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time;

and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in

that Part of the United Kingdom.—[27th March 1797.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to

w

vv prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks,

Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it was enacted, that, from

and after the firtt Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Note, Accepted Bill, Pott

Bill, Ticket, Token, cr other Writing, circulated, or which might be circulated as Specie, in the

Manner of a Bank or Banker's Note, lhoukJ be issued, re-issued, or given out as Specie, by any Person

or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Servants or Agents, in that Part of the United Kingdom

called Scotland, for any Sum or Sums of Money less than twenty Shillings lawful Money of Great Britain,

any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Person or Persons, Bodies

Politic or Corporate, their Servants or Agents, who should, after the said firtt Day of June^ ilfuc, re-

issue, or give out any Note, Accepted Bill, Pott Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing aforesaid, for

any Sum less than twenty Shillings, should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hun-

dred Pounds Sterling, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who should inform or prosecute for

the fame, to be sued for and recovered in Manner thereby direeled: And whereas it is expedient at the

present Time to allow the Banks and Banking Companies herein-after described, to issue Notes for a less

Sum than twenty Shillings, for a limited Time, notwithstanding the said recited Clause in the said A&

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bank of

Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British Linen Company, and all other Banks or Banking Com-

panies in Scotland\ who, on or before the firtt Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, have exercised the Business of Hanking, or keeping any Bank for Receipt of Money, and have issued

Notes under the Firm of such Bank, in the Nature of Bank Notes, (but to and for no other Person or

Persons, Company or Companies, whatsoever;) to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets, in the Nature of Bank

Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under the Sum of twenty Shillings Ster-

ling, in the fame Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies have heretofore been used to issue Notes

for twenty Shillings and upwards, fmee the said firtt Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five;

any Thing in the said recited Act, passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to the contrary not-

withstanding. ‘‘ '

II. And whereas, from the present Difficulty of procuring Specie, several Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, their Servants or Agents, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ have issued, and may

continue to issue Bills, Notes, or other Obligations, for small Sums under twenty Shillings Sterling, and

4 Doubts may arise whether such Persons have not been guilty of the Offence prohibited by the said recited

4 Act / be it therefore enacted, That such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Ser-

vants or Agents, shall, and they hereby are indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penal-

ties or Forfeitures incurred, or that may be incurred, for or by rcalon of their having issued the Bills, Notes,

.37 Geo. Ill, 3Z or

Ja/t Ices may dc

term.nc Dis-

putes between

Masters and

Servants en-

rolled touching

Wages, and

may levy the

Mon.y by Dif*

tref*.

Provisions of

this and the Act

c. 5. to apply to

cither.

Act may be al.

tered or repealed

this Session.

5CC0. 3. c. 49*

recited.

The Bank of

Scotland, Arc.

may issue

Notes, payable

to Bearer on

Demand, under

aos. [until Mjy

i» ,797> S 3*

enlarged by e, 72,

to August 15 j

and by t. 13 7,

un:d next Se(Conf

&c.]

Person* who

have issued

Notes under

20 s. prior to

polling this AQ,

indemnified.

