A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. 0.14,15. 487

TEA. ■- I -

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England,\

trading to the East Indies, for two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight, or upwards, after the seventh

Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, ten Pounds per Centum, to be computed

upon the gTofs Prices at which such Tea shall be fold; to be paid by the Purchasers of such Tea to the

said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the

Time being.

(B) n v

DRAWBACKS.

BRICKS. -

For all Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in

respect thereof shall have been paid,) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts* the Duty by this Act

imposed in respect of such Bricks.

TEA.

For all Tea (for which the Duty hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be

exported to Ireland, or his Majesty’s Plantations in America, the whole of the Duty of Excise by this Act

imposed in respect thereof.: > *V v:

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs, on Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise, within

Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought or carried Coastwise;

and for applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Sertion of Par-

liament, intituled, An Act for Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the

Exportation of Sugar, towards defraying the encreased Charge occasioned by any Loan

granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Sertion of Parliament.

[28th December 1796.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Cudoms herein-after mentioned; and do mod

4 humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled \ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jedy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable

by Law, the following additional Duties on Sugars, to be paid in ready Money, without any Discount or

Abatement whatever; that is to say, (

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Brown and Muscovado Su-

gar of the British Plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall have

been so imported, after the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of

two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Sugar, which shall

have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, by the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, and which shall have been or shall be sold at the Sales of the said

Company, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, after the said seventh Day of December one thousand'

(even hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: and so in proportion for any greater

or less Quantity: And,

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of all Sugar which shall be im-

ported into Great Britain, (except Sugars herein-before charged,) or which shall have been so imported, after

The following

additional Du-

ties on Sugars to

be paid:

Rates.

