A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 8, 9, 10.

481

' ?v CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silky

Flax, and Flax Seedy into this Kingdomy in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or

State in Amity with His Majesty—[ i ith 'November 1796.]

\\ WHEREAS ail Act was made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

ASi for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silky Flax, and Flax Seed, into this King-

4< dom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty yfor a limited Time:

4 And whereas the said Act was by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, further continued

‘ until thirty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas the said

fiift-mentioned Act hath been found useful and beneficial:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That the faicl first mentioned Act, and all Matters and Things therein contained,

shall continue and be in Force until thirty Days after t;he Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

or until the Conclusion of the present War.

CAP. IX.

H* ,1 jfi ’ 4 ^ « y. *1 . ;?itJc \ ? - v * 2

An Act/or granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

■ t /. ‘ f 2th November 1796.]

irA

» .

t

CAP. X.

f

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities.

k [f^d December 1796.3

Mote Gracious Sovereign,

?W1 ......

4 your M , w .___

raised by Annuities, in Manner herein-after mentioned3 and do therefore moil humbly beseech your

Majesty that it may be enacted j’ &c.

u

<4

m

44

Every Contributor of 100l. entitled to a Principal of 112/. ior. in the 5 per Cents. from October 10,

1796. Contributors to pay their Subscriptions by Instalments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants.

44 Dtlcount to be allowed on Subscriptions paid in advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till

44 Subscriptions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein specified,

44 entitled to Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable at the Bank out of the Consolidated Fund,

44 and irredeemable for a certain Period, unless with the Consent of the Proprietors. Annuities to be

44 redeemed at a certain Period. Subscribers may, at a certain Period, apply to the Bank to have their

Annuities redeemed, or converted into other Annuities. When redeemable, Subscribers may apply to

have their Annuity paid off*in Money, or converted into 3 /. per Cent. Annuities, at the Rate of 133/. 6j.

8d perCent. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the 'I'reafury to order Money to

be ifi’ued to the Cashier for Payment of the Annuities. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which

may he assigned within certain Periods. Cashier to give Security, and to pay the Money he receives into

44 the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office, for entering Contributors

44 Names, a Duplicate whereof to be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly

44 paying their Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not com-

pleted, forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred. Annuities to be

acemed Personal Estate. I'reafury may apply the Money paiJ into the Exchequer. Accountant Ge-

44 neral to keep Books for entering Transfers. Stock may be devised. Transfers not liable to Stamp

44 Duties. Treasury may defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the

44 Cashier and Accountant General. Contributors converting their 5/. per Cent, Annuities into 3/. per

Cents., to have their Principals placed to their Credits at the Bank, and to be added to the joint Stock of 3 /.

per Cents. Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, Izfc. guilty of Felony. Bank to continue

44 a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted ceate. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions,

41 or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20/. Persons sued^ may plead the General IlTue.

u Trebi Jofts. Previous to October 31, 1797, the Treasury may direct Exchequer Bills to the Amount

of 5.000 000l. to he made out on the Ciedit of this Act, according to the Malt Act of this Session. Pro-

visions off Malt Act relating to Exchequer Bills to extend to those made under this Act. Bills under this

■.Act to bear a certain Interest, and to be receivable for 7'axes, or Instalments of Loans, three Months

a after D Cashier of the Bank to receive Bills, and mark thereon the Interest, and receive them,

37 Geo. Ilk 3 R 44 and

u

44

4(

41

K

a

u

$5 Geo. IIr.

Cap. too. (con-

tinued by 36

Geo.lILCap.4)

further conti-

nued.

Hi

/)

a

1

