C. 9. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

• ’ •* * -

Commi Hi oners

may give Orders

on the principal

Officers of the

Customs for a

Third of Boun-

ties,

Certificates, or

Copies signedhy

Regulating Of-

ficers, to be

transmitted with

the Persons in-

rolled, and de-

livered to the

Commanding

Officers of the

Vessels in which

they shall be en-

tered, who shall

make out Tic-

kets for Payment

of Bounty Mo-

rey due as for

Arrears of

Wages, which

may be paid

agreeably to 31

Cco. II. Cap. 10,

See.

How Lids and

Bills shall be

made out where

Persons desire to

have Part of their

Bounty paid to

their Families.

Rules for Pay-

ment of Wages

to be used for

, Payment of

Bounty.

Persons difqua-

lified for Jnrol-

ment.

Admiralty to

appoint Officers

to superintend

the Admission

and Entry of

hlcn.

who fhsll deter-

mine Appeals of

Commissioners

again A Rejec-

tien of Men by

the ordinary Re-

gulating Of-

ficers, &c.

When the com-

plete Number of

Men has been in-

rolled lor any

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for

the said respective Commissioners, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his

Consent to enter into the said Service, by any Draft. Bill, or Order, under the Hands of any three or more

of them, to direct the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, to pay to such Person

any Sum not exceeding one-third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid to him on his engaging to serve, to

be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time

of his Inrolment; and such Drafts, Bills, or Orders respectively, shall ascertain the Names and Defcripnons

of the Persons to whom the fame shall be made payable ; and such Collector or other principal ()fficer atore-

said, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the fame out of any Duties of Customs then in

their Hands, or otherwise out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hands of the said Duties.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Certificate so granted, or a

full and true Copy thereof, signed by such Regulating Officer or Officers, shall in all Cafes where any such

Person inrolled by virtue of this Act shall be placed under the Command cf any other Officer or Officers,

either on Shore or on board any Ship or Vessel, be transmitted along with such rerlon so inrolled, and de-

livered to the Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel on board which fuen Person shall be entered to

serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being mufte.

and rated on board such Ship, and before such’Ship or Vessel of War shall proceed to Sea, make out a Ticket

or 'Pickets for the Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person on his engaging to serve

and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the Certificate granted on that Behalf, or in such

Copy thereof as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become due to such Person on

Account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel; and such Bounty Money shall

and may be paid to such Person, or to such Person’s Family, and in such Proportions, as such Person shall

request, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the thirty-fiift Year of his late Majesty Ring George the

Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing

a regular Method for the punttuaI, frequent, and certain Payment of their JVages, and Jor enabling them more

easily and readily to remit the fa?ne for the Support of their IVivcs and Families, and for preventing Frauds and

Abuses attending such Payments, or by any other Act relating to the Payment of such Wages: Provided

always, that where such Person shall desire any Portion of the said Bounty Money then remaining due to be

paid to his Family, the Lift required to be made out in such Cafe by the Captain or Commander of such

Ship or Vessel shall be made out in the Manner required by the said Act of the thirty-first Year of his late

Majesty aforesaid, except that in such Lift the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the

Port where such Man was raised, shall be specified instead of the respective Officers directed by the said Act

to pay any Part of the Arrears of Wages due to Seamen in the Navy ; and that the Bills to be made out

thereupon shall be made out by such Captain and Commander, and directed to such Collector or other prin-

cipal Officer aforesaid, and to no other; and that all the Rules, Forms, Directions, and Methods, used for

the Payment of Wages due to Seamen, or payable to their Families, in pursuance of the said Act of the

thirty-first Year aforesaid, or by any such other Act of Parliament, (except as aforesaid,) {hall be used in like

Manner for the Payment of such Bounty Money to all and every the Men who shall be entered into his

Majesty’s Service in pursuance of this Act, or to their respective Families, and in as full and ample a Man-

ner as if the said Acts, and every Clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by

this Act to such Cafes; and the said Collector, or other principal Officer aforesaid, shall pay the Residue of

the said Bounty, according to the Directions herein-before given for Payment of such Portion thereof as

aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

received or inrolled in his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regula-

ting Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures,

and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his

Duty in the Navy, or who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of

sixteen Years, or above the Age of forty-five Years if a Landman, or of fifty Years if a Seaman.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall,

and they are hereby authorized and required, to appoint certain Officers, of the Rank of Post Captains, or

Commanders in his Majesty’s Navy, to superintend within such Districts, near the Coasts of this Kingdom,

as shall be allotted to them respectively, the Admission and Entry of Men into the Service of the Navy in

pursuance of this Act, under such Regulations and Rules as the said Commissioners of the Admiralty shall,

from Time to Time, constitute; and if any Person or Persons who shall have been tendered to serve his

Majesty in pursuance of this Act shall have been rejected by the ordinary Regulating Officer, and the Com-

missioners acting for the Port where such Man shall be tendered shall think themselves aggrieved thereby, such

Commissioners may appeal to the superintending Officer or Officers, of the Rank above-mentioned, within

the District where such Port shall be situate, who shall forthwith proceed to examine such rejected Per (on,

and to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint, and to make such Order therein as to him or them shall

seem reasonable, which Determination and Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and in case such

superintending Officer shall order such rejected Person to be inrolled in his Majesty’s Navy, then such ordi-

nary Regulating Officer shall, without Delay, on Receipt of such Person, cause him to be inrolled in Manner

herein-before directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any such Commissioners shall

have caused such Number of Men to be inrolled in such Service at any such Port, as to complete the Number

of Men requit by this Act in respect of such Port, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, and

IHSun |. sT "' w'v' .. j v . tHey

