too

C. 55-

tricesimo quinto

A.D. 1795.

Provisions of

31 Geo. HI.

Cap. 25, hereby

altered, to

ccafc.

The* full Sum

to be expressld

in Receipts;

and any Note,

ice. {riven upon

tin. Payment

of Money, to

be liable to

Duty.

Receipts, ice.

in full, liable to

a Duty of 2$.

No Receipts,

Ac. available in

Law lor more

tlfiir therein

exp rifled,

unkfs on a 2 s.

Stamp.

v

Memorandum^

Ac. for Money

r.ceived,

though not

signed, to be

deemed Re-

ceipts. r

Penalty on

Perfor.s signing,

Ac. Receipts

twftamped, See

denote the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to renew and alter the fame re-

spectively, from Time to Time, as they shall lee Occasion, and to do all Things necessary to be done for

putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and

ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law

concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. - And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rules, Regulations, Methods,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Act contained, in relation to the said former Duties on such

Receipts, Discharges, and Acquittances, for which other Provisions are expressly made by this Act, shall,

from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, cease and determine,

and be no longer put in Execution, save and except always as to the Rules, Regulations, Methods, Pe-

nalties, and Forfeitures, for the collecting, managing, recovering, and applying, any Arrears of the said

former Duties on Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances, which may, on the said filth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, remain unpaid, and to any Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or For-

feitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before, or on the said fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the several Powers, Provisions, and Remedies, for

recovering the fame respectively. r % ' ,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full and just Sum of Money for which

any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance {hail be given, and the true Date thereof, shall be bona fide re-

spectively inserted therein; and that all Notes, Memorandums, or Writings whatever, given to any Person

or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to forty Shillings or upwaids, whereby any Sum

of Money shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged,

released, or in any Manner satisfied, or which shall in any Manner signify or denote such Acknowledgment

as aforesaid, and whether the fame shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person

or Persons by or on whose Behalf the fame shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be

Receipts within the true intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the respective Duties imposed

thereon, as well by the said recited Act as this Act; and shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons

by whom, or on whose Behalf, such Receipts, Discharges, or Acquittances shall be required, (except such

Receipts., Discharges* or Acquittances as shall be at any Time or Times given upon the Payment of

Money in respect of any Salary or Pension, Debt or other Sum, payable from his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, in all which Cafes the Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Receipts, Dif-

charges, or Acquittances); and which Rates and Duties, in Default of Payment thereof according to the

Regulations of this Act, shall and may be charged upon, and levied against the Person or Persons

by whom the fame are hereby made payable, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns. ' . . , - # , -

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Receipt, Discharge, or Acquit-

tance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Pay-

ment of Money which shall contain or express, or in any Manner signify or denote any general Acknow-

ledgment of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand, or all or any Debts, Claims, Accounts, or De-

mands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby

any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full, or in discharge or Satisfaction of

all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the fame shall or

shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the fame

shall be given, (half be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of five hundred Pounds and upwards

within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the Stamp Duty of two Shillings by

the said recited Act and this Act imposed thereon ; and no such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note*

Memorandum, or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court

to be useful or available in Law or Equity ab an Acknowledgment of any Debts, Claims, Accounts, ol

Demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, ciifchargeJ, rJealtd, or satisfied, whether

generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater Sum cf Money than the Sum of Money therein ex-

prelied, unless the fame shall be stamped with the proper Stamp to denote the said Duty of two Shillings

hereby imposed; any Thing in such Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing

expressed notwithstanding. ,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Note, Memorandum, or

Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain

or expiefs, or in any Manner signify or denote any Acknowledgment of any Part of any Debt, Claim,

Account, or Demand being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, rdeased, or fat li-

sted, whether the lame shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Per-

fons by or on whose Behalf the fame shall be given, shall he deemed and taken to be a Receipt within the

true Intent and Meaning of the said rcciied Act and this Act, and shall be liable to a Stamp Duty in.respect

of the Sum actually paid. ' S3

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who,

from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall write or sign, or

cause to be written or signed, any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance given for or upon the Payment of

Money liable to any Stamp Duty charged by the said recited Act or tnis Ad upon any Piece or Vellum*

Parchment, or Paper, without the fame being first duly stamped or marked, with a Stamp or Mark as herein

is directed, or upon which there shall be a Stamp or Mark of lower Denomination or Value -than is by the

said recittd Ad and this Act charged in respect thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, in case

trie Sum paid, contained or expressed, in such Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, shall not amount to the

y

or

