238

i5,ooool. to be

fct apart at the

Exchequer, and

paid Quarterly

to the Coinmif-

fioncis, to dif-

clurge the

Prince’s Debts.

30,0001. for

two Quarters,

from Oft. 10,

1794, to her fct

apart immedi-

ately.

On July 5,

1795; and-so

Quarterly,

12.501. to be fct

«p_rt at die Ex-

chequer to be

paid his Royal

Highness.

2,500!. for two

Quarier»drorn

Oil. jo, 1 794,

to be fct apart

immediately.

When the Debts

are discharged,

the Commitflon

to ceaf j and

16,2501. to be

set apart Quar-

terly for the

Prince.

Comipiflloners

may demand

from Penons

concerned in the

Management of

the Prince’s

Revenues, a

State of his

Debts, and exa-

mine Creditors

on Oath.

\

Creditors dlf-

(atished with

the Judgment of

the Commis-

fiontrs may sue

them.

C. 129. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

aforesaid, or before any other Commissioner who shall have taken the said Oath, and who is hereby also em-

powered to administer the fame.

V. And whereas his Royal Highness has been graciously pleased to desire, that such Part of the Income

4 intended to he allotted to nim as to the Wisdom and Prudence of Parliament shall Teem expedient and ad-

4 vil’eable, may be appropriated to the Discharge of his Debts, and be paid to the said Commissioneis, to be

4 by them applied to that Purpose*/ be it therefore further enacted, That on die fifth Day of July one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, and at the End of every Quarter of a Year alter the find filth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until all the Debts now due and owing by his Kbyal

Highness, as principal Debtor, not exceeding the Sum of six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be

satished and discharged, there shall be set apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Sum of fifteen

thousand Pounds, making the Annual Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, which shall be issued and paid to the

said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under

their Hands, or the Hands of any three or more of them, appoint to receive the same; and the Acquit-

tance or Receipt of the said Commissioners, signed by any three or more of them, or such Person or Persons

as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the fame; and that on the Day next after the

passing of this Act, for and in respect of the two Quarters of a Year which have elapsed since the tenth Day

of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be set apart at the said Receipt the Sura

of thirty thousand Pounds, which shall and may be at any l ime issued to the said Commissioners, or to

such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in like Manner, and for the like Purposes as is before

directeJ.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, and at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the said filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, there shall be let apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, during the joint Lives of his Ma*

jelly and his Royal Highness, and until the Determination of the said Commission, as is herein-after di-

rected, provided the fame shall determine during such joint Lives, the Sum of one thousand two hundred

and fifty Pounds, which shall be paid to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or to such Person as shall

be authorized by him to receive the same, whole Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment

thereof; and that on the Day next after the passing of this Act, for and in respect of the two Quarters of a

Year which have elapled since the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there

shall be fct apart at the said Receipt, the Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds, which shall be in like

Manner paid to his Royal Highness, or to such Person as shall be authorized by him to receive the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Debts, now due and owing by his said Royal

Highness, shall be paid or discharged, the said Commission, and all the Powers and Authorities given by the

fame, shall absolutely cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and from and after-the

Determination of the said Commission as aforesaid, the Sum of lixtcen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds

shall be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the End of every Quarter, and the lame shall be paid

to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or to such Person as shall be authorized by him to receive the

fame, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to demand,

from all or any of the Officers of his said Royal Highness, or any other Person or Persons who are, or

shall be, or may have been, concerned in the Management of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness, a

true and just Statement of all and every the Debts now due and owing from his said Royal Highness to

any Person or Persons whatever; and the said Officers, or other Persons as aforesaid, and each of them, are

and is hereby required, within such Time as shall be limited for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, to

give in such Statement in Writing, as far as shall have come to their or his Knowledge respectively; and

which shall contain the Sums due, and to whom owing, and on what Account, and whether any and what

Securities have been given for the fame; and if the said Commissioners, upon such Statement being made,

shall fee Cause for further Explanation or Investigation of any Claim or Claims in particular, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners to summon before them all or any of the said Officers of his said

Royal Highness, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with the Books, Papers, and Accounts, belong-

ing to their respective Offices, touching such Claim or Claims, and also all Persons who have or claim to

have Debts outstanding against his said Royal Highness, and shall delire to have any Benefit from any of the

Funds established by this Act, and to examine such Person or Persons, or any of them, upon Oath or Affirm-

ation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby

authorized to administer,) touching all such Matters and 'Things relating to the said Debts, (oto be invefli-

gated as aforesaid, and the Consideration thereof, as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested

in the said Commissioners by this Act; and all such Officers and Persons are hereby required punctually to

attend the said Commissioners, at furh 'Time and Place as they shall appoint, and answer all such lawful

Questions as shall be put to them concerning the Premises.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Creditor or Creditors of his said Royal Highness, who shall

come in apd claim before the said Commissioners, within the Time herein-after limited, shall, after the

Commissioners have heard and notified to him or them their Determination upon such Claim, be dilfatisfied

with the Judgment of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for such Creditor or Creditors to sue any

one or more of the said Commissioners in his or their own Name or Names, as a Commissioner or Com-

missioners appointed by virtue of this Act, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlm'mJler, in an

Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, for the Recovery of such Debt or Debts, and to serve such Commissioner

or Commissioners with a Copy of the Process of such Couit, and to declare against him or them, as such

lo Coouniifioner

0

