A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. C. 142.

_ t

Party and Party, shall be determined, in the Cafe of MahGmcdans, by the Laws and Usages of the Ma-

homedans, and where the Parties are Gentus, by the Laws and Usages of the Gentus, or by such Laws

and Usages as the fame would have been determined by if the Suit had been brought, and the Action com-

menced, in a Native Court; and where one of the Parties shall be a Mahomcdan or Gentu, by the Laws

and Usages of the Defendant; and in all Suits so to be determined by the Laws and Usages of the Natives,

the said Court shall make such Rules and Orders for the Conduct of the fame, and frame such Process for

the Execution of their Judgments, Sentences, or Decrees, as shall be mod consonant to the Religions

and Manners of the said Natives, and to the said Laws and Usages respectively, and the easy Attainment

of the Ends of Justice; and such Means shall be adopted for compelling the Appearance of Witnesses,

and taking their Examination, as shall be confident with the said Laws and Usages, so that the said Suits

shall be conducted with as much Ease, and at as little Expence, as is confident with the Attainment of sub-

ftantial Justice. '

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action for Wrong or Injury shall be against any Person what-

ever exercising a judicial OiTice in any Country Court, Jor any Judgment, Decree, or Orti^r of the said

Court, or against any Person for any Act done by or in virtue of the Order of the said Court; and in case

any Information is intended to be brought against any such Person or Officer, the fame shall be brought and

proceeded ii\, in the same Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes in the fame Form, and to the fame

Ede£t, as such Informations are directed to be proceeded in before the Supreme Court of Judicature at

Calcutta in Bengal, by an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to

explain and amendfo much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India

■* Company, as well in India as in Europe,’ as relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the

Relief of certain Persons imprifmed at Calcutta in Bengal under a ‘Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judi-

cature, and afo for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have

a died under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Rcftflance made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Regidry of the Natives employed in the Service of the said

Company, or in the Service of British Subjects, or their Partners, shall be established within the Settle-

ments of Madras and Bombay respectively, in the same Manner, to the fame Effect, to the like Extent,

and for the like Purpose, and subject to the like Penalties, as such Regider is established ai Calcutta, by the

said Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be directed,in and by the said new Charter which his

Majesty is herein empowered to grant, that in case any Person or Persons whatever shall think him, her, or

themselves aggrieved, by any Judgment or Determination of either of the said Courts of Judicature, to be

established as aforesaid, he, she, or they may appeal from such Judgment or Determination, to his Ma-

jedy in Council, within such Time and in such Manner, and in such Cafes, as his Majesty in'his said

Charter shall judge proper and reasonable to be appointed and prescribed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if his Majesty shall grant such Charter as aforesaid, and erect

such Courts of Judicature at Madras and Bombay, all the Records and Muniments and Proceedings what-

soever, of and belonging to the said Mayor’s Courts at Madras and Bombay respectively, or to the Courts

of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, there established by the aforesaid Charter of his late Majesty,

shall, from and immediately after such Courts of Judicature as his Majesty is herein empowered to erect

shall be established, be delivered over, preserved, and deposited, for safe Cudody in the said new Courts of

Judicature respectively ; to which all Parties concerned shall and may have Resort and Recourse, upon Ap-

plication to the said Court. , L ' l

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Charter granted by his late Majesty, as confers

any Civil, Criminal, or Ecclesiastical Jurifdldtion upon the Mayor’s Courts of Madras and Bombay re-

fpcdlively, or upon the President and Council as a Court of Appeal from the said Courts, or of Oyer and

Terminer and Gaol Delivery, at the said Settlements, or the Subordinates thereto belonging, in case a new

Charter shall be granted by his Majesty, and shall be openly published at Madris and Bombay respectively,

from and immediately after such Publication shall cease and determine, and be absolutely void to all Interns

and Purposes ; and all judicial Powers and Authorities granted by any A cl or Acts of Parliament to the

laid Mayor’s or Courts of Appeal at the said Settlements, shall cease and determine, and be no longer ex-

ercifed by the said Courts ; but the fame shall and may be exercised by the Courts of Judicature to be

erected by virtue of this Act, in the Manner, and to the Extent hereinbefore directed; but nevertheless

the said Charter shall, in all other Respects, continue in full Force and EfFedt, to all Intents and Purposes,

according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, except in so far as it is altered or varied by this Act, as

fully and effectually as if this Act had not been made, or such new Charter should not have been granted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Settlements of Madras and Bombay

respectively shall remain in the PoirefTion of the said United Company, the Court of Directors of the said

United Company shall, and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid to the Recorder the

laid Court of Judicature at Madras, the Yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, and to the Recorder of the

Court of Judicature at Bombay the Yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, and such Salaries shall be paid to

them and each of them fur the Time being respectively, out of the Revenues of the said respective Settle-

7. 4 S 2 meats

675

cording to the

Charter, hut

t{reir Inherit-

alice of Lands,

Arc. to be deter-

mined as would

have l-con done

in a Native

Court: and

where one

Patty is a Ma-

homedan or

Gentu, by the

Usages of the

Defendant, Ac.

No Action for

Wrong, to

be brought

. against a Judi-

cial Officer for

any Order of

Court, nor for

any Act done

by virtue of

any such Order;

but if any In-

formation is in-

tended, it must

be brought ac-

cording to 21

Geo. 3. c. 70.

A RegM ry of

Natives em-

ployed by the

Company or

Pritifli Subject*

to be ertabli/hcd

as at Calcutta.

His Majesty to

direct in tlte

Charter that

Persons may

appeal from the

Court to his

Majesty in

Council.

Records of the

Mayor’s Courts,

or the Courts of

Oyer and Ter-

miner, to be

deposited in the

new Courts.

Jurisdiction of

the Mayor’s

Courts, and of

the Presidcnta

and Councils

as Courts of

Appeal, to

cease on Publi*

cation of new

Charter.

Court of Di-

rectors to cauftr,

to be paid to the

Rxcorder of

each Court

5000I. an-

nually out of

the Revenues of

the Settlement.

