C. 6

47*

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III.

the Cavalry of such, County, Riding, or Place, as private Soldiers, for the Term of such Enrolment

by virtue of this Act; and every Man enrolled as a Substitute {hail take the Oath herein-before

prdcribed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction

of the Deputy Lieutenants, at any Subdivifmn Meeting to be held as aforesaid, at any Time during the

Continuance of this Act, that any Person in any such Class as aforesaid, has at any Time, bond fide, cealed

to keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or such Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he (lull

have been charged by such Assessment as aforesaid, and shall have remained during the whole Interval with-

out any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, liable to Duty in lieu of the former, then such Person shall be allowed

by Certificate from the said Deputy Lieutenants to receive back such a Part of the whole Sum which shall

have been paid by him or her towards the Afiellments to be raffed by virtue of this Act, as shall be pro-

portioned to the Interval of Time during which he shall have been bond fide without any Horse, Mare, or

Gelding, or Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in respect of which he shall have been charg' d to such

Allefiment, or any Mare or Gelding, or Mares or Geldings, in lieu thereof.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall serve as a Commissioned

Officer in any Regiment, Trrop, or Company, in his Majesty’s other Forces, or in the Militia raised by

virtue of any Act or Acts now in Force, or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or in any Volunteer

Corps raised by virtue of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, and who {hall have been enrolled therein

before the twentieth Day of Qflober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall have offered them-

selves and been accepted before the said twentieth Day of October to serve upon Vacancies which shall have

happened, or who shall, at his or her Expence, furnish a Horse for any Person serving in any such Corps as

aforesaid ; nor any Person who shall serve in any one of his Majesty’s Cadies or Forts; nor any Non com-

missioned Officer or Private Man serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, or in the Militia, by him-

self or Substitute, or in any such Volunteer Corps as aforesaid ; nor any Person being a Resident Member

of either of the Universities; nor any Clergyman; nor any Teacher of any private Congregation; nor

any Persons acting in a medical Capacity, who, on account of their Circumstances, in the Opinion of two

Deputy Lieutenants, shall be edeemed fit to be exempt from the Service required by this Act; nor any

Condable or other Peace Officer serving for any Parish or Place; nor any Person having been, or being

before or on the twentieth Day of Ofioker one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an articled Clerk,

or Apprentice +; nor any Seaman, or seafaring Man ; nor any Person mudered, trained, and doing Duty, or

employed, in any ol his Majesty’s Docks or Dock Yards for the Service there* f; or employed and muf-

tered in his Viajeily’s Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren^ the several Gun Wharfs, or at

the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storthouses, belonging to his Majesty, under the

Direction of the Board of Ordnance ;-nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the

River Thames^ and who respectively shall not be charged to the said Duties for more than one Horse, Mare,

or Gelding, shall be liable to provide any Man or Men, or any Mare or Gelding, or Mares or Geldings,

for his Majesty’s Service in pursuance of this Act.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Officer of his Majesty’s Army, or of the Militia

whild in actual Seivice, shall be liable to provide any Man or Men, or any Mare or Gelding, Marts or

Geldings, in pursuance of this Act, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Number of Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, kept by such Officer within the Number allowed to receive Forage by his Majesty’s

Regulations.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if in any Class cf Persons to be made out as afore-

said, the Person on whom the Lot shall fall shall not be actually pofleded of any Mare or Gelding, or if the

Mare or Gelding which he shall provide shall not be approved of at a Muster to be taken in pursuance of

this Act, then any other Person in the fame Class shall be at Liberty to provide a Mare or Gelding to serve

for such Class, and to receive the Compensation to be allowed for extra Ex[>ences for such Mare or Gelding;

and if no Person in the fame Class shall provide a Mare or Gelding to serve for such Class, which shall be

approved as aforesaid, then a Mare or Gelding shall he provided by the Person so ballotted, who shall be

allowed in respect thereof such Sum of Money as shall be settled by the Deputy Lieutenants, at a Sub-c!ivi-

fion Meeting of Lieutenancy of the same County, Riding, or Place, to be a fair Compensation to such

Person for the fame, w'hich Compensation the Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Division where such Ballot

shall have been made, shall demand from the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, who is

hereby required to pay the fame out of the Monies in his Hands of the Sums raised by virtue of this Act;

and if he shall not have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the fame out of the Duties before-men-

tioned, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Affairs of 'Faxes, and the

fame shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts; and such Sum so received shall be paid by

the said Deputy Lieutenants to the Person entitled to receive such Compensation as aforesaid; and the Sum

so settled for such Compensation as aforesaid, shall be added to the lall Alleffment of the several Persons

contained in the fame Class to the Duties on Horses, in proportion to the Number belonging to them

respectively, and levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein contained.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That where any Allowance as aforesaid shall have been

made to any Person in any Class as aforesaid on whom the Let shall have fallen, in order to enable him to

provide a Mare or Gelding for the Service required by this Act, such Mare or Gelding shall remain in the

of the Person providing the fame, subject to the Regulations and Conditions of this Act; but such

Person

Persons ceasing

to keep Horses,

to receive back

a Proportion of

Aflc.rmenu.

Certain Person*

exempted from

Duty.

*3* $

Further Ex-

emptions.

(and ftt $ v 3

and Z3 of tbit

A& J and }ojit

Cap. *3.

How Mares or

Geldings are to

be provided, it'

the Person on

whom the Lot

fal.s dull have

no Maie or

Gelding, or if it

shall not be ap-

proved of.

Where any Al-

lowance is made

for providing a

Mare, &c. ir

shall remain in

the Care of the

