4

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36Geo. III.

ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

therein mentioned. - ' ’’ ^ f

15. An Act for granting to His Majesty New Duties on

^ certain Horses, not charged with Duty by any other Act

or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules.

16. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional

Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, or

* drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned.

17. An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons

using or exercising the Business of a Horse Dealer, and

graflting new Duties in lieu thereof.

18. An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and

Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

19. An Act for determining the present Allowances for

Waste on Salt carried Coaltwife, and for reducing the re-

spective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt.

20. An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an

Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An

Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low

Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other

Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran ; and for

permitting Home-made Spirits, depositedin the Warehouses

for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on

Payment of the Duty ; and to prohibit the Distillation of

Low Wines or Spirits from MelafTes of the Manufacture

of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes.

21. An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on

the Importation into Great Britain of any Wheat, Wheat

Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, inBritish Ships,

or other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom

or State in Amity with His Majesty, or on the Delivery

of the fame out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

22. An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts

of Bread.

23. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth

Year of the Reign of King George the Firth, intituled.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement,

Employment, and Relief of the Poor, as prevents the dif-

tributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own

Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain

Cafes.

24. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

25. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Grand JunSlion Canal to finish and complete the same,

and the several Cuts, and other Works, authorized to be

m^de and done by them, by virtue of several Acts of

Parliament. #

26. An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in

the Charter of the Royal Exchange A durance of Houses

and Goods from Fire.

27. An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in

the Charter of the London Assurance of Houses and Goods

from Fire.

28. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

29. An Act for raising a certain Sunvof Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-six.

30. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-six.

31. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses

and Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-

vernors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India

Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Export-

ation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

33. An Act for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands,

and Toljs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, granted^

by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the

Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the

Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low

Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands

adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County o/* Nor-

folk, draining through the fame to Sea by the Harbour

0/* King’s Lynn, in the [aid County \\ and for altering and

improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from

or near a Place called Liu Brink, in the Parish of Wig-

genhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Har-

bour of King’s Lynn ; and for improving anapreserving

the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with

the said River Ouze.

34. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Thames and Severn Cand Navigation to raise a certain

Sum of Money for discharging some Arrears of Interest,

and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain and

support the said Navigation.

3$. An Act to enable the Trustees for executing an Act

passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving the

Parish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bridey

in the City of London ; and for providing a Workhoulc

for the fame ; to raise a further Sum of Money for com-

pleting the Purposes of the said Act.

36. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfistence to be

paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

37. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An AlIfor ejlabhshing Courts of 'Judicature in

the Island of Newfoundland, and the Iftatids adjacent.

38. An Act for rendering effectual an Act of the thirty-

second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief

and Employment of the Poor of the PariJ1)cs of Montgo-

mery and Pool, and the Places united therewith, in the

Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

39. An Act to amend an Act, made in the second Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An All for

the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great

Britain called England.

40. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving

further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval

Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the En-

couragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking

off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and re-

ducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine

Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby;

to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Ma-

jesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of

Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty on

certain Species of British) and Irish Linens exported, and

taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw

Linen Yarns, made of Flax ; to the importing Salt from

Europe into the Province of Quebec in America ; to the

encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering

the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark,

when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate;

to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures

of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing

the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for

extrading Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British

• Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allow-

- ing

