c$°

>TiWl s .*

In the Accounts

directed by re-

cited Act to be

given in by

'Coachmakers to

the Excise

pffice, .certain

Particulars to be

infcrled, and ,

iwoi n to.

Penalty cn Auf-

lionet rs not

paying Duties,

on Sales in the

legal Time, &c.

' double the

Duty—•Forfcit-

lnc of iutUond.

If Auctioreer;

I # ' I

.make Over-pay-

ments oi Duties,

they may com-

plain to the

Commissioners

of Excise, or

. Juftjccs where

the Sale was ’

tnade, who may

relieve them.

• m r #

t f # i 1 M f

% l

To obtain the

Drawback on

Beer exported,

the following

Oaths to be

made j

Annb ftricesimo. octavo)Ge o>rg i1 'III. A. D: 1798.

shall, once in six Weeks, delivei* a true Account-in Writing of the Number and Kinds of such Carriages

4 as in the said Act is mentioned, which he or she shall have made, built, or constructed, and fold, within

4 six Weeks, and of the Days on which each Carriage respectively was delivered or sent out of his or

4 her Shop or Warehouse, in Manner as in the said Act is directed : And whereas it is expedient to pro*

4 vide that every such Account should alfctcontain tHc several Matters and Things hereinafter mentioned:'

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,.in this present Parliament aflefnhled, and by the

Authority of the same, That in every such Account in Wricing delivered at the Chief Office of Excise in

London, or at the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh, or to any Collector or Supervisor of Excise, by

any Coachmaker in pursuance of the said Act, such Coachmaker shall specify the particular Day on which

each such Carriage was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse, and the Name and Place

of Abode of the Person or Persons to or for whom each such Carriage was so delivered or sent; and such

Coachmaker, or his or her Chief Workman or Manager, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account

according to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief; which Oath shall be administered by such Person as

by the said Act is directed to administer the former Oath by the said Act prelcribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Audtionecr who shall neglect or refuse to make Payment

within the Time limited by Law for the Payment thereof, of any Duty or Duties arising or charged, or

chargeable for or by reason of any Sale or Sales by way of Audtion, by him held, shall forfeit and lose for

every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so neglected or refused ;

and in case within fourteen Days next after any such Audtioneer shall have been convicted in the said last-

mentioned Penalty, and Execution or Process shall have issued on such Conviction to levy the said Penalty,

no Goods or Chattels, or not sufficient. Goods or Chattels, belonging to such Audtioneer shall be found

whereon to levy the Whole of the said Penalty in which he shall have been so convicted, and such Penalty

or any Part thereof shall remain unpaid at the End of every such fourteen Days, or if it shall appear that

such Audtioneer hath acted contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of his Bond, then, and in each

and every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise to cause

the Bond entered into to be put in Suit against such Audtioneer and his Sureties, unless the said Commis-

(ioners of Excise shall fee sufficient Cause to forbear the fame; and thereupon, in case of a Verdict or Judg-

ment against such Audtioneer, his Licence shall thenceforth become void to all Intents and Purposes.

III. 4 And whereas, by the Laws now in force, no Provision is made to relieve Audtioneers against any

4 Over-payment made for or on Account of the Duty on Sales at Audtion, save and except in the Cafe

4 of Sales by Audtion of Estates, Goods, or Chattels, rendered void by reason that the Person for whose

4 Benefit the fame were fold, had no Title to the fame, or no Right to dispose thereof: And whereas it is

‘ expedient to grant Relief to every Audtioneer making any Over-payment for or on Account of the Duty:

4 arising on any Sale at Audtion ;’ be it therefore enacted, That if any Audtioneer shall make any Over-

payment for or on Account of the Duty arising on any Sale at Audtion, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Audtioneer making such Over-payment, within twelve Months next after the Time of making

such Over-payment, to lay his Complaint before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace,

within whose jurisdiction respectively such Sale was made; and the said Commissioners of Excise, or Juf-

tices of the Peace respectively, upon such Complaint to them made by or on the Behalf of such Audtionecr,

shall, and are hereby requireJ to hear and determine all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses

upon Oath, which lliallbe produced as well on the Behalf of the Party making such Complaint as on the

Behalf of all and every other Party and Parties, which Oath they have hereby Power to administer; and

thereupon, or by other.due Proof, to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of such Payment as draft

be so made out before them to Have been overpaid ; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained

to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. , ' j. icfi

IV. 4 And whereas the Law's now in force relating to the Exportation of Beer, in order to obtain the

4 Bounty or Drawback by Law allowed on the Exportation of such Beer, are not sufficient 10 answer the

4 good Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to make further Provision in that Behalf;’ be

it therefore enacted, That, before any Person or Persons shall receive any Bounty or Drawback fororinTe-

spedt of Beer entered for Exportation, in order to obtain any such Bounty or Drawback, the Brewer, or his,

her, or their known Servant, or the Exporter, or his, her, or their known Servant, (as the Cafe may re-

quire,) shall, on the Debenture, make such Oath (as the Cafe may require) before one or more of the

Commissioners of Excise, or before the proper Collector or other Officer of Excise, (which Oath any one

or more of the said Commissioners, or such Collector or other Officer, is hereby authorized and empowered

to administer,) as is hereinafter in that Behalf prescribed ; which respective Oaths shall be in the Words, or

to the Effcdt, following : ; t

4 OATH for Beer exported by the Brewer.. J ftfi

T A. B. do folcirmly swear, That the above-mentioned - Barrels of Strong Beer were put on

board the Ship or Veilcl above-named, and exported therein as Merchandize to be lpent beyond the

Excise Duty has been charged on the said Beer

ft

ft

C

Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship’s Use; and that the

as Strong. . V : ‘

So help me GOD.

OATH

