19^

C. 114.

ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795«

Pottles, when

taken out, to

b? weighed in

the I'refence of

the Olticer.

Penalty of tool,

for delaying to

draw, cr not

clearing out

the Whole in

four Hours.

If Makers ne-

gleet to beg.n -

drawing Bottles

out of Anntal-

incpArche, im-

mediately on

their being

opened, fresh

Notice to be

given.

No Notice to

be given for

drawing out

Bottles, but be-

tween certain

Hours.

In weighing

Common Class

Bortlcs 1 lb.

per ico, to be

allowed lor

Turn of the

Scale.

Makers to assist

Officers in

weighing, &c.

on Penalty of

50I.

The Allowance

by 17 Geo. III.

Cap. 39, of

1.5th Part of

t!tc Metal in

Pots for making

Common Bot-

tles, repealed.

Bottles not to

be conveyed

from Anneal-

ing Arch till

weightd, and to

be produced for

that Purpose, on

Penalty of 100I.

shall draw and take the Whole of such Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils respectively, from and out of

such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, within the Space of four Hours, to be computed

and reckoned from the Time of such beginning to draw or take such Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils,

from and out of any such Annealing Arch or Oven as aforesaid; and such Maker or Makers shall, imme-

diately on such Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils respectively, being so drawn or taken from or out of

such Annealing Arch or Oven, proceed to weigh the Whole thereof with such Scales and Weights as

aforesaid, in the Presence of such Officer, and such Weight shall be deemed and taken to be the Weight of

the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations from which such Bottles, or other V eflels or Utensils respec-

tively, shall have been made; and such Maker or Makers shall be charged with and pay the Duty for or in

respect of such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, according to such Weight: And if any such

Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal,

having given such Notice, and begun to draw or take any such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or

Utensils. from or out of his, her, or their Annealing Aich or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, shall not pro-

ceed and continue, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, to draw and take the Whole of such

Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively of Common Bottle Metal, from and oyt

of such Annealing Arch and Arches, and Oven and Ovens, or shall not draw and tike the Whole of

(u*h Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively, from and out of such Annealing Arch and Arches,

and Oven and Ovens, within the Space of four Hours, to be computed and reckoned as aforesaid, then and in

every such Cafe such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose

the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and it any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of

other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having given any such Notice as last aforesaid, shall

neglect or rcfjfe to begin to draw or take such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils re*

spectively, fiom or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, immediately

after such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and the Mouths or Entrances, and iron Gratings

thereof, shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again im-

mediately lock up, fallen, and leal, each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or En-

trance, or Iron Grating thereof, in Manner aforesaid, and such Maker and Makers shall give the like and

a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer before any such Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or

Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, shall be .again opened : Provided always nevertheless, that no such

Maker or Makers of Common Glals, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, shall

be at Liberty to give any such Notice to draw or take any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or

Utensils respectively, from or out of any of his, her, or their Annealing Arches or Ovens, except in the

Day-time, and that between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon ; and that

every Notipe given for the drawing or taking any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils re-

spectively, from or out of any Annealing Arch or Oven, at any Hour or l ime, other than in the Day-

time, and that between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, shall, and the fame

is hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Pui poles whatsoever. J

XVII. Prov ided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the weighing as afore-

said of any such Common Glass Bottle*, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, the Turn

of the Scale shall be given in favour of the Crown; and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such xMaker

or Makers of such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, one

Pound Weight upon each and every one hundred Pounds of such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels

or Utensils of Common Bottle Aietal.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottie Metal, having delivered such

Declaration as first aforesaid, shall, when and so often as he, P.ie, or they shall be thereunto required by the

Officer or Oflicers of Excise under whose Survey he, (he, or they shall then be, with a Sufficient Number

of his, her, or their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his, her, or their Power, such Officer or

Officers in weighing and taking an Account of all Common Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of

Common Bottle Metal, of such Maker or Makers, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refulal the

Sum of fifty Pounds. '

XIX. 4 And whereas, by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 amongst other Things, for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass, it was enacted, that in Pots used

4 for the making of Common Bottles, and of other Vessels or Utensils therein-before mentioned, to be made

4 of Common Bottle Metal, an Allowance should be made to the Makers thereof, of one fifth Part of the

4 Metal or other Materials contained therein: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited A L

4 lowance Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Allowance shall be,

and the fame is hereby repealed, and no such Allowance shall hereafter be made.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Common

Glass Betties, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration

as flrfl aforesaid, shall convey away any Common Glass Bottles, or otner Vessels or Utensils of Common

Bottle Metal, from any Annealing Arch or Oven before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed

the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Common Glass Bottles, Vessels, or Utensils to

such Officer, that he may weigh the fame, according to the Directions of this Act; and if any such Maker

or Makers shall convey away any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle

Metal, from any Annealing Arch or Oven, before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the

Lime, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Common Glass Bottles, Vessels, or Utensils, to such

13 Officer

