220

C. 124.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Justices to make

Divisions of

Counties for

carrying this

Ac* into Exe-

cution.

Quarter Sessions

to order Notice

of Meetings.

Justices to name

a Clerk if the

Justicfr of Peace

Clerk fail to

game a Deputy.

A Copy of which Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk, shall be hung up in every Place for holding of

Courts, and in his Office.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Justices of Peace of each County or Stewartry in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, shall, at their first, or any after Meeting of the Quarter Sessions, make suitable

Divisions of the County or Stewartry into Distri&s, within which the Justices of the Peace shall meet, at

a convenient Place in each District, upon the first Monday of every Month, at Eleven o’Clock Forenoon,

in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and which Monthly Meetings may be adjourned,

if necessary, to any other lawful Day or Days of the Month, to be held at the same Place; and the Quar-

ter Sessions shall at the fame Time appoint the Place of Meeting in each Distr’uft, of which they shall order

clue Notice to be given to^all concerned, by Advertifementat the Church Doors of every Parish within the

County or Stewartry, at Icaft two Sundays after the Places are certified: And in case the Justice of Peace

Clerk shall fail to name a Deputy in each of the said Distridfs, on or before the Time so appointed for each

Distridf Meeting, or before any subsequent Meeting, of which the said Justice of Peace Clerk has had

perfoqal Notice, the said Justices who shall attend at such District Meeting or Meetings shall, and they are

hereby empowered to name a Clerk for that District, who shall be removeable by any subsequent Quarter

Sessions, and another Clerk may then be appointed by the said Quarter Sessions, from Time to Time, as

they shall fee Cause.

XIII. And whereas the Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh have been in the immemorial Use and

4 Possession of holding a Weekly Court for determining, in a summary Manner, according to Equity and

4 good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them forfmall Sums not exceeding ten Merks

4 Scots Money; and of putting their Decrees into immediate Execution against all Persons redding within

the Sheriffdome of the said City of Edinburgh: And whereas extending the Jurisdiction of the said Magis-

so far as concerns the Sum to be tried and determined summanly by them at their said Weekly Court

Magistrates of

Edinburgh may

determine

causes in the

Sheriffdome of

the City for

Demands not

exceeding 40I. Scots.

4 known by the Name of The Ten Mcrk Court, would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants within the said

4 Sheriffdome of the City of Edinburgh :* Be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said

Magistrates shall have full Power and Authority, and they arc hereby authorised, at their aforesaid Weekly

Courts, to try, hear, and determine, in a summary Manner, all causes and Complaints brought before

them concerning the Recovery of Debts, or the making effectual any Demand arising out of personal Con-

trad! or Obligation, against all Persons residing within the Sheriffdome of the said City of, Edinburgh; Pro-

vided always, th t the Debtor Demand shall not exceed the Value of forty Pounds Scots.

Where Claims

exceed 10

Merks, and do

not exceed 40I.

Scots, the Pro-

visions herein

contained to be

observed.

Jfurifdiction of

Justices not re-

gulated by this

Act, to remain.

Commence-

ment and Con-

tinuance of Act.

Wcolcombers,

and their Fami-

lies may set up

T radc in ar.y

Place;

r.cr shall they

tm removable

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe where the Claim or Demand

shall exceed the aforesaid Sum of ten Merks Scots Money, and not exceeding the Sum of forty Pounds

Scots, the Provisions herein-before contained shall be, and the fame are hereby directed to be, observed and

putin Execution by the said Magistrates of Edinburgh at their said Weekly Courts; and that their Decrees

shall be putin Execution in the fame Way and Manner as herein-before directed and authorized relative to

the Proceedings before and by the said Justices of the Peace.

XV. And be itenadled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Jurisdiction of the Justices of Peace in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as not regulated by the present Act, shall remain entire, and be

exercised in the same Manner as they are entitled to exercise the fame before the passing of this Act.

9 _ f

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and have Continuance from the first Day of

June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for and during the Term of five Years*

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXiV.. , '

An Act to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town oi Place in Great

Britain.—[26th June 1795.]'

4 \ 7t7*HEREAS the combing of Wool forms a distinct and confidence Branch of the Woollen Manufac-

ture, in which Branch great Numbers of industrious Persons h’ave been educated and employed ;

and whereas from the great Improvement of Machinery the Employment hitherto afforded to such Persons

4 and-their Families is likely to be much diininished: And whereas many of them would willingly employ

4 themselves in other Branches of the Woollen Manufacture, or in such Trades as they are, or may become*

4 apt or able to follow and make use of, for the getting their Living by their own Labour, but are, or may

4 be, hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places, within this

4 Kingdom, because of certain Bye-Laws and Customs of those Places, or of the Statute, made in the fifth

4 Year of Queen Elizabetby prohibiting the Use of certain Trades to any Person who hath not served as aii

4 Apprentice to such Trade for the Space of seven Years:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King*£

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all such Persons

who have served ary Apprenticeship to the Art, Mystery, or Trade of a Woolcomber, or who are, by

Law, entitled to use and exercise the fame, and also the Wives and Children of such Woolcombers, may

set up and exercise such Trade, or any other Trade or Business which they are apt and able for, in any

Town or Place within this Kingdom, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation, of any Person or Persons'

whatsoever, for or by reason of the uling of such Trade; nor shall such Woolcombers, or their Wives cur

Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, fee removeable from such espective Place or

& JPbcc*

