A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 37, 38.

such Tickets, whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than

such Numerical Register or Lift, or such Numerical Lift of each Day’s Drawing, or a true Copy thereof

as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to be kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in

the said Lottery, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any Notice or Information whatever to any

Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any Ticket or 'Pickets, ex-

cept such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Register or Lift, or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the Direc-

tiens of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Constable or other Officer of the

Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the

several A61$ for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of

the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by his or their Order in Writing, dircdl the fame to

be detained, or otherwise, if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed.

U

44

On Complaint on Oath of Offences against 27 Geo. III. Cap. r. whereby the Parties may be liable t*

Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorize Persons to break open Houses, &c. Persons discovered

in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be

41 arrested, t£c, Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on

44 such illegal Transactions, to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. Manner in which Actions for Penalties

44 shall be commenced. Where the Amount of Penalties lued for is not inserted in Writs, the Defendant

46 to be served with a Copy of the Process, ts'e. Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be com-

44 mitted. Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari. General Issue. Treble Costs.”

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the

Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. —[28th April 1795].

44 His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received, or Exchequer Bills to be made

44 out, for 2,500,000l. any Time before Jan. 5, 1796, agreeable to 35 Geo. III. Cap.i. Powers of 35

44 Geo. III. Cap. 1. to extend to this A61, except as herein excepted. Loans or Exchequer Bills charge-

44 able on the first Aids granted next Session, and^ if not granted before July 5, 1796, to be paid out of the

44 Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

44 Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act.”

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of

BritiJlj and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of

Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax*, to the discontinuing the Duties payable on

the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and to the prohibiting the Im-

portation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets; and for making perpetual an Act,

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the

Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of

this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in

those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas.—[28th /Ipril 1795.]

€ W 7 HEREAS the Laws herein* after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near

W expiring;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

arc Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aft'embled,

and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and

Iri/h Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax-,

which said Act was, by two other Acts, made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by four other

Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, thirty-first, and thirty-third Years of his present

Majtily’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

i/mcty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame

is hereby- further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six,

ai.d fiom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ffijjL JxT

11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1'hat an Act, made in the seventh YYar of the

Reign ef his present Majesty, intituled, An All to d\jcontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon

t'.c importation of Tallow, Hogs Lardy and Grease-, which was to be in force for three Years, from the twenty-

fifth Day of Inarch one thousand seven hundred and fixly-seven, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nine-

teeirth, twenty-second, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said

Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one

u.oaknd (even hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

\ ftaU

87

other than fticii

Lift, See. to

forfeit 501.

29 Geo. II

Cap. 15, grant-

ing a Bounty

on certain

Species of BrU

tish and Irish

Linens export-

, continued

to June 24,

1796, tec.

7 Geo. III.

Cap. 12, to dif*

continue the

Duties on Im-

portation of

Tallow, &c.

continued to

March 2 5,

1799, *c* -

