8)8

Persons cliofcn

by Ballot not

appearing or

providing Sub-

Aitutes, shall

forfeit i $1. and

be liable to

serve on a new

Fallot, and if

Penalty be not

paid; shall be

compellable to

serve, or treated

as Deserers.

Quakers bailot-

ted, to be pro-

ceeded with as

Quakers badot-

ted for the

Militia.

Lifts of two

Places, may be

added together.

If Lifts be loft,

dec. the Deputy

Wardens mty

causenew Lifts

to be made out.

EstablWhment of

the Regiment.

The Warden

may be the

Colonel.

The Officers to

have the fame

Qualification as

for the Supple-

mentaryMilitia,

under 37 Geo.3.

c. 3. &c.

His Majesty

may appoint an

Adjutant from

the Regulars,

the Militia, or

the Volunteer

Corps.

The Colonel to

appoint a Regi-

mental Clerk to

aft as Pay-

master. r

The Serjeants,

Corporals, and

Di ummers to be

appointed as to

Militia Regi-

ments.

C. 74.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii IIL

A.D. 1798

serve, to enrol in the Roll of such Subdivision the Name of such Person, together with the Day on which the

said Oath was so administered to such Person.- l

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot as aforesaid shall refuse or negledto

appear, and take the Oath aforesaid, and serve in the said Regiment, or provide a Substitute, who {ball take

the said Oath and be enrolled according to the Provisions herein contained, every such Person so refusing or

neglecting thall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and be liable, whenever a BaHot {ball again take

place under the Authority of this Act, to serve in the said Regiment, or provide a Substitute; and in Default

of Payment of such Penalty as aforesaid, or for Want of sufficient Effedls whereon to levy the same, the

Name of liich Person {hall be entered on the Roll, and such Person {hall be delivered over to the proper

Officer of the Regiment, and {hall be compelled to serve in the said Regiment in the same Manner as if he had

appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled, and {hall be subject to the facAe Punishment for afterwards

absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and

enrolled: Provided always. That if any Person so ballotted to serve in the said Regiment {hall be one of the

People called Quakers, the fame Proceedings shall be had with respect to such Person as may be had with re-

sped to a Quaker ballotted to serve in the Militia in England; and all and every the Provisions with respect

to the People called Quakers in the several Acts concerning the Militia Forces of England, shall be cairicd

into Execution in the levying of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, in the same Manner, and as fully and

amply as if the fame had been repeated and-enacted inlhe Body of this Act.

Wardens,

two ormoreof them, within their respective Subdiviuons, to add together the Lifts of two or more PariQies

or Places within such Subdivision, and proceed upon such Lifts added together in the same Manner as if such

Lifts had been originally returned for one Parish or Place, so as to make the Choice of Men by Ballot within

every Parish and Place in each Subdivision as equal as possible.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it

{hall be lawful for the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, tocause a new Lift of such

Til - . I A «| - - I - A f - ^ 1 m a m

iny

Ms

upon

Lift so lost or destroyed if the fame had not been lost or destroyed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Regiment shall consist of so many Companies (the Num-

ber of Men not being less than sixty Men in each Company) as his Majesty {ball direct; and the Field

Officers of such Regiment {hall he one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, two Majors, and no more un*

less the private Men ballotted to serve in the said Regiment, and sworn and enrolled, {hall exceed twelve

hundred Men, in which Cafe the said Regiment shall be formed into two Battalions, each Battalion having

two Field Officers; that is to say, one Lieutenant Colonel and one Major, and the two Battalions {hall

form one Regiment, to be commanded by the Colonel; and there {hall also be one Captain, one Lieute-

nant, and one Ensign to each Company, such Companies containing sixty Men at the least in each Com-

pany: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Regiment to have one Company of Grenadiers

and one of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of a

Lieutenant and Ensign; and it {hall be lawful for the said Warden, if he shall think fit, with the Approba-

tien of his Majesty, to trethe Colonel of the said Regiment, instead of appointing another Person to be Co-

lonel thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant Colonel or Lieutenant Colonels, and other OflL

bo lied, in case of NecrjJily, for the Defence of these Kingdoms; or by any other Act of Parliament rejecting

the Supplementary Militia, is required for Officers of the Tame Rank serving in the said Supplementary Mi-

litia for the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may appoint one proper Person, or in case the said

Regiment {hall be formed into two Battalions, two proper Persons, who {hall have served, or shall, at the

Time of such Appointment, actually serve in some of his Majesty’s Forces,'or in some Body of Militia,

or some Volunteer Corps, to be Adjutant or Adjutants of the said Regiment; and such Adjutant or Adju-

tants shall and may have the like Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, as an Adjutant appointed to any

Body of Militia is entitled to by the Liws now in force concerning the Militia.

XX.I. And De it further enacted, That the Colonel of the said Regiment shall appoint a Regimental

Clerk, or in case the said Regiment shall bedivided into two Battalions, shall appoint two Battalion Clerks

who shall execute the Office of Paymaster or Paymasters, in the same Manner, and with the like Benefits!

as Persons appointed to the like Offices by the Colonels or Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions

of Militia.

Regiments; ai

nd Drummers shall be appointed

Drummers, are appointed to Mil

Serjeants and Corporals shall take the kme Oath to ieeve in the find Regiment or

' 9 Miners

