A.D. 1796, Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 3.

431

before mentioned, or as a Substitute in the Militia raiftd by virtue of the said former Acts, or of this Act,

and hath been discharged, or quitted the fame, shall by such Service be exempted from serving in the Militia

to be raised by virtue of this Act, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants,

assembled at any Sub division Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary

Militia, is unable by Reason of any Infirmity, oris otherwise unfit for the Service, such Deputy Lieutenants

shall, and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift

for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his

Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled

by virtue of this Act, shall become unfit for Service, it (h ill be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Of-

ficer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of the County, Riding, or Place where such Mi-

litia shall be raised, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to

which such Militia Man belongs, if the Militia raised by virtue of this Act shall not then have been embodied

and called out in purfuarce of the Directions hereinafter contained, or for (he Commanding Officer only, if

the said Militia shall then be embodied and called out, to discharge any such Militia Man of his Service in

the said Militia, but another Man shall not be ballotted for in the Room of such Militia Man so discharged,

until such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County,

Riding, or Place to which any such Militia Man belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Sub-division for

which such Militia Man was enrolled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any such Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the

Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the said Militia,

or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled

up by a fresh Ballot for a Militia Man to lerve according to the Provisions of this Act, except as hereinbe-

fore excepted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be

enrolled as a Militia Man by virtue of this A61, such Enrolment shall not vacate or refeind the Contract, or

alter the Employment, between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, and Employer or Employers, un-

less the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Servant shall be enrolled, shall be embodied

or called out by his Majesty, or ordered so to be in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled

shall leave the Service of his Master, Mistress, or Employer, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised,

for the Space of twenty Days in pursuance of this A61, and shall not return again to the fame Service at the

End of such twenty Days, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress^ or Em-

ployer an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to

be settled by a Justice of the Peace in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; and in every such Cafe, where any

Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such Servant, touching any

Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant, for or on account of his Service performed before the Time

of his Departure from Service under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the

Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by

Reason of his Absence, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may bc4awful, on Com-

plaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or

Place, where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, (lull inhabit, for such Justice to hear and

determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or

Witnesses, touching the fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant,

in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages, in Proportion to the

Duration of his Absence from his Service, as the Cafe may require, as to such Justice shall seem just and rea-

sonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in case of Refuel or

Non-payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid, by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Deter-

mination, such Justice shall and may ifi'ue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of such Mailer or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the

Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to

serve as his Substitute in the said Supplementary Militia, or from any Person or Persons to serve as a Volun-

teer in pursuance of this Act, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for fwcaring the Mi-

litia Men, or before some one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to the Directions of this

Act, every such Person so neglecting to appear and be sworn, being convicted thereof before any Deputy

Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom

he received it, and shall also forfeit and-pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, at

the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and

if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay

the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to be kept to

hard Labour for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until the said Sum shall be returned. Gaol

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Man chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary

Militia, shall have engaged any other Man to serve as his Substitute, or if any Person or Persons shall have

engagedscry Man to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Man so chosen by Ballot, or such Person or

■7- Persons

Deputy Lieute-

nants to dif-

charge unfit

Persons chosen

by Ballot, and

cause others to

be chosen.

When an en-

rolled Militia

Man shall be-

come unfit for

Service, he may

be discharged,

but another shall

not be ballotted

for till his Dif-

charge be con-

firmed by two

Deputy Lieute-

nants.

Vacancies oc-

cafioned by

Death, Sec. to be

filled up by a

fresh Ballot.

The Enrolment-

of a Servant

shall not vacate

the Contract be-

tween him and

his Employer,

except in cer-

tain Cafes.

The Servant to

allow an Abate-

ment in his

Wages for the

Time he shall

be absent from

his Service.

Disputes re-

spefting the

fame, as to Sums

not exceeding

ao 1. may be

settled by a

Justice, who

may order the

Money to be le--

vied by Distress-

Substitures or

Volunteers ne-

glecting to ap-

pear to be

sworn, to re-

turn the Money

rtceived, and

also forfeit not

exceeding 5 1.

or In Default

of either to be

committed to

for three Months.

If any Man

chosen by Ballot

