A.D. 1795

tricesimo

III.

C. 5 5

99

46.Geo. III.

Cap. 45.

I’or every Parrel

of Mackarel

twice packed

.v;d cured, and

exported, ex-

cept to the Me-

diterranean, 4

Bounty to be

4 whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, 'Fliat for every

4 Barrel of Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall he landed from any Boat or \ eflel, and

4 which shall be afterwards properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling: And

whereas it is expedient that the fame Bounties should be given to the Persons engaged in the Mackarel

4 Fishery Be it therefore enacted, Thar for every Barrel of White Mackarel twice packed and com-

pletely cured, and containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great

Britain into any Parts beyond the Seas, (except into any Part or Parts in the Mediterranean, in which

case no Bounty given by this Act: shall be payable or paid, any Thing herein-after contained to the con-

trary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,) a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be paid; and

for every Barrel of Mackarel which shall be landed from any Boats or Vellcls, and which shall afterwards be

properly failed and cured, there {hall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling. ofis

III. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the patting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to Mackarel, &c.

and for any Person or Persons to carry from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain to ^ C2’rjc<1

any Port or Place in the said United Kingdom, any Mackarel, or any Cod, Ling, Hake, or Salmon,

being taken in the Mackarel Fishery, and cured for Home Consumption. Home Consumption.

IV. And be it further enfted, That the proper Otticer or Officers appointed to pay the Bounties given

by this A£! are hereby empowered and directed to retain and keep in their Hands the following Sums

until the fame shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds; that is to say. For every Barrel of

Mackarel on which the Bounty of one Shilling shall be payable, the Sum of six Pence; and for every

Barrel of Mfcckarel on which the Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence Hull be payable, the Sum of one

Shilling and six Pence; and to pay over the Sums so retained, for the Purpose of defraying the Costs and

Charges attending the obtaining and patting this Act, to Thomas Rajhlehh, the Solicitor thereof: Pro-

vided that such Costs and Charges do not exceed, in the Whole, the Sum oftwo hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, that this Ac!, and all the Matters and 'Things contained therein, shall con-

tinue and be in force until the first: Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-leven, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law

as a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts.

' i [$th 179'.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 Y I 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc~

4 cattoned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

C La —. _ fE. .1 .. L. M C A A A L h M I m ffnrt I ri n /I ifAiiinf'irJ i f i*a(/\1 tmd f /-v rv-i « ^ — A___ - _

Officers for ,

paying Counties

to retain Money

to defray the

Charges of this

A a.

Continuance

of Act.

Public A&.

7

la

An additional

Stamp Duty

to be paid

of 6d. on Re-

ceipts for ico I.

and under

5001. j and a

further addi-

1 u enacieu oy me rung s moir nxccnent jviajcity, oy and with

itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

_____# ^ , ic. That, fiom and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, there "shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great

Britain, unto and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum or Parch-

ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon

the Payment of Money amounting to one hundred Pounds, and not amounting to five hundred Pounds,

shall be engrossed, written, or printed, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed thereon,

t ere shall be charged an 'additional Duty of six Pence; and where the fame shall amount to five hundred

Pounds or upwards, there shall be charged a further additional Duty of one Shilling. 15. for sooXid cmvJ.L

II. Provided always, and be it further cnnfted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Re-

ce:p’s, Discharges, or Acquittances, which, by an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills f Exchange, Promissory

-Vyf/j, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties w lieu thereof

which are particularly exempted from the Duties imposed by the said Ac!, ftnll also be, and are hereby ex-

empted from the Duties imposed by this Ac!, as fully and amply as if the said Exemptions had been particu-

larly repeated and enacted in this Ac!.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual levying, collecting,

and paying the said Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Ma-

nagement of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, arc required and empowered to denote the

B|k j* ^ « rx # . i % a t ^ 1 i ' r 1 a

. A M t ^ ~ 9M a - —— a. 1 _ _ _ K. _ M_ A 4 ^ ^ a . . . I _ -A_. — — L. A — A — ^ _ a. t _ _ _ ^ V m I 1 _ VI _ I m

Receipts ex-

empted by 31

Geo. Hi. c..p.

not liable.

Duties to

managed by the

Cornmiflicners

for Stamps.

provided to be used in relition to any former Duties on S

vide new Stamps for that Purpose, or to cause, if the<

if O 2

denoie

