A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C. 27

519

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to lend

or advance, apportion or distribute, to and amongst any Persons connedied with, or trading to, the said

lfiands of Grenada and Saint Vincentj, or either of them, (whether such Persons or Person shall or shall not

have hitherto received any such Loan or Advance by Means of the Exchequer Bills already iiTued,) all or

any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be issued under the Authority of this Act, under the like Terms

and Conditions as are specihed and prescribed by the said recited A&, with refjiedf to the Blue and Advance

of the Exchequer Bills thereby authorized, except as to the l ime stipulated for Repayment thereof; and

that instead thereof the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be advanced and lent by the said Commissioners

under the Authority of this A&, shall be repaid without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest

for the fame, by Instalments as hereinafter is mentioned ; (that is to say,) one third Part of such Sum or

Sums shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England at their Office, together with In-

terest for the fame, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Ainumy on or before the fifth Djy

of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; one other third Part thereof, with like Interest, on

or before the tenth Day of October one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine; and the Residue thereof,

with like Interest, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred; such Interest to be com-

puted on the said Sum or Sums from the,Time of such Loan to the respective Times of Payment thereof as

aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon any

Application made to them for any Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to take from the Parties or Patty

making such Application, not only such Securities as they are by the said Act herein-before recited autho-

rized to take for the Repayment of such Loan, but also to take, at their Discretion, as a Security for such

Repayment, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon any Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lands,

~ Hereditaments, in the said Blands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, or either of them, which

Tenements, or

55:

tiens and Provisions herein-after declared respecting the fame); and such Parties respectively shall make such

Mortgages or Mortgage to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Time being, and shall deposit

all such Title Deeds, Papers, or Writings, of or relating to such mortgaged Premises, as they the said

Commissioners shall require, in such Manner and Form as the several Securities enumerated in the said

herein-before recited Act are directed to be made and deposited ; and shall also execute to such Persons or

Person as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, a Warrant of Attorney to confess,

in the Names of such Mortgagors respectively, Judgment in any Actions or Action of Ejqdlment to be

brought in the proper Courts of the said lfiands respectively, for recovering the Possession of the said mort-

gaged Premises; and such Judgments shall be forthwith entered up of Record in the proper Courts of the

said lfiands, and no Writ of Error or Appeal shall be or be allowed from such Judgment.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not accept or take

any such Mortgages or Mortgage of any such Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lanas, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, in the said lfiands, or either of them, as Securities or Security for the Repayment

of any such Advance or Loan, unless the Persons or Person who, at the l ime of the making such Mort-

gages or Mortgage, shall be the Consignees or Consignee of the Produce of such Premises respectively in

Great Britain? shall also become Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of the whole Amount of such Ad-

vance or Loan, and the Interest thereof.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not accept or take

any such Mortgages or Mortgage of any such Plantations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, in the said lfiands, or either of them, as Securities or Security for the Repayment

of any such Loan or Advance, unless such Premises shall be free from any other Incumbrances or Incum-

brance, or (in case such Premises shall be subject or liable to any exilling Incumbrances or Incumbrance)

unless all and every prior Incumbrancers or Incumbrancer shall join in the Mortgage thereof, for the Pur-

pose of securing the Repayment of such Loan or Advance as aforesaid, foas to make the Claim or Demand

of the said Commissioners in respect thereof payable out of the said mortgaged Premises, in preference to all

other Incumbrances or Demands thereon.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any such Mortgages or Mortgage of any such Plan-

tations or Plantation, Estates or Estate, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall not be deemed or

taken as Efficient Securities, or a Efficient Security, for any Sum of Money exceeding the fair average Value

of the Produce of such Premises in two Years. ‘L'§ M (” 1

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Default shall be made in the Repayment of all or any Part

of such Loan or Advance, for which any such Mortgage shall be accepted or taken by the said Commis-

iioners, as a Security, (but not otherwisej it shall and may be lawful lor the said Commissioners, or their At-

toinies or Attorney to be appointed for that Purpose, by the proper Proceedings in the said lfiands upon

the Judgment so to be entered up as aforesaid, to take Poliession of ail or any Parts or Part of the said

mortgaged Premises, and by Sale or Mortgage of the fame, or a competent Part thereof, to raise and levy

such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to repay all Monies due upon or in respect of such Loan

or Advance’, and the Interest thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings; and the

Monies so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid and applied in Reimbursement

Satisfaction of the Sum due upon or in respect of fudi Loan or Advance, in like Manner as the Sums

Wfl of

Commissioners

may advance

Money issued

under this Act,

under the Con-

ditions of the

Act 35Gro.JII.

Cap. 127. ex.

cept as to Timet

of Repayment,

which shall be

as lie lore spect*

hed.

Commissioncrt

may take as Se-

curity Mort-

gage* upon

Plantations, Arc.

with Warrant*

to confess Judge-

ment, &c.

Mortgages not

to lie taken on*

Jess the Con.

signecs of the

Produce in

Great Britain

become Sure-

ties;

nor unlefrtbe

Premises be

freed from any

other incum-

brances, Sc c.

Mortgages not

10 be taken as

Security for

Sums exceeding,

the average Value of the Produce in two Years.

If Default be

made in Repay-

ment of Loans,

the mortgaged

Premises may be

fold.

