906

C. 92.

ving Annoying tricesimo o£tavo Georg ii III.

A.D. 1798.

Geo. 3.

c. jo2. recited.

* Caps. 11. 31.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to revive, continue until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dislilleries in the several Parts of

the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly dejeribed, for a limited Time, and for re-

gulating the Duties on Di/lilleries in the respective Dislrifts in Scotland ; and for grant-

ing to His Majesty certain additional Dufies on Spirits diddled for Consumption, and

a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland \ and for altering and

amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Didilleries in Scotland.

[z9th Jung I7q8.1

* Most gracious Sovereign, ' ■^6*1

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his

Majesty Additional Duties on Dislilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands ^/'Scotland herein par-

ticularly dejeribed, for a limited Time, and for rtgulating the Duties on Djiilleries in the respective Districts

in Scotland ; which was to continue in force until one Month after the Commencement of the present

Section of Parliament: And whereas by two Acts *, made in this present Session of Parliament, the said

recited Act was further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight : And whereas it is proper and expedient that the said first recited Act should be revived and further

continued, and that the fame should be explained, altered, and amended, and that certain additional Duties

should be imposed upon British Spirits distilled in Scotland for Consumption in that Part of the Kingdom

and now in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, Dealer, or Retailer, and also upon all

Spirits that shall be distilled for that Purpose before a certain Period, and that a Duty should be imposed

upon all unmalted Grain used for Distillation in Scotland, and that certain Regulations and Provisions

should be made for better securing the said Duties, as well as the former Duties upon Spirits, and u[xm

Licences for distilling Spirits, and for the preventing of Fraud and Evasion thereof:' May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, and all the Duties

thereby imposed, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, (except as hereinafter excepted and

altered,) shall, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be re-

vived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the tenth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine. . (

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

Ufeofhis Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a further Duty of Excise of one Shilling for and upon every

Gallon English Wine Meafureof British Spirits, raw, rectified, or compounded, of the Strength of one to

ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall

have been distilled for Consumption in Scotland, and which shall be, or shall have been found, on the first

actual Survey, by the proper Officer of Excise, upon or after the thirteenth Day of June one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, Redtifier, Com-

pounder, Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland; to be paid by such Distiller, Reftificr,

Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, over and above the Licence Duty on the Capacity or Content of the

Still, which has been paid, or become payable, by any Distiller, for or in respect of the Distillation of

such Spirits. ; jr-J jjVtH w

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a further Duty of Excise of one Shilling for and upon every

Gallon English Wine Measure of British Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so

in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which on, and from and after the said thirteenth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and until the tenth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, shall have been and shall be distilled in any Part of the Lowlands

of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, or shall have been or shall be distilled for such Consumption

within certain other Parts of Scotland particularly described in the hereinafter mentioned Act of the thirty-

third Year, and in the hereinbefore recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year, of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, not exceeding the Number of Gallons hereinafter limited and restricted to be distilled on and from and

after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the said tench Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by or from each Still within the Boundaries therein mention-

; such Duty to be paid by the Distillers of the said Spirits, over and above the Licence Duty on the Still,

which shall have been or shall be paid, or become payable, by such Distillers, for or in respect of tnc Dif-

tillation of such Spirits.

IV. And

