i6±

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

have Licence

from the Com-

pany.

Ships may be

furnished with

Arms and Am-

munition on Li-

cence from the

Admiralty.

Admiralty may

grant such Li-

cences oh cer-

tain Conditions

No Ship enti-

tled to more

than one Fre-

mium the fime

Season.

No Premium to

be allowed to

Vessels cleared

out after Jan. 1,

1796, unless

certified to have

been visited on

clearing out,

&c.;

nor unless regis-

tered.

If Water be

mixed with the

Oil, &c. im-

ported, it shall

be forfeited, as

well as the

Claim to Pre-

mium.

In case of Dif-

putc, the Own-

er to prove the

Purity of the

Oil.

The Quantity

ofOil,&c. im-

ported to be af-

certained by the

Officer of the

Customs, and

certified to the Commissioners.

No Harpooner,

dec. to beim-

pressed.

from the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts

of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and every Vessel navigating such Seas, without such Licence*

shall be liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties as are created and enacted by the said Act; any Thing in this

Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

said Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for the Purpose of doubling the

Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan, not being of less than two

hundred Tons Burthen, to be properly fumilhed with Arms and Ammunition for Resistance and Defence;

provided the Owner or Owners of such Ships or Vessels, before clearing out, shall obtain a Licence from

the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admi-

ral for the Time being, authorizing the fame,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority*aforesaid. That the Lord High Admiral of Great

Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, is and

are hereby authorized and empowered to grant such Licence for arming, in such Cafes as to him or them

shall seem fit and proper; provided that there shall have been exhibited ro him or them a Certificate under the

Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, (which Certificate they are hereby autho-

rized and required to give,) testifying that such Ship or Vessel is entered out for the Purpose of doubling the

Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan \ and provided also that the

Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall have entered into a Bond, with two suficient Sureties, in the

Sum of one thousand Pounds, with Condition that such Arms and Ammunition shall not be used for any un-

lawful Purpose, but merely for Resistance and Defence in Cafes of involuntary Hostility.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel whatever shall be

entitled, within or during the Periods of Time respectively limited by this Adlfor such Ship or Vefl'el to fail

on and to return from such Voyage, to more than one of the Premiums hereby granted, although such

Ship or Vefl'el shall make two Voyages within any one of the Periods aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium whatever, granted by this

Act, shall be paid and allowed to the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel which shall clear out after the

first Day of January in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six on the said Fishery, unless it

shall appear, by Certificates from the proper Officers of the Customs, that such Ship or Vessel was visited

and the Crew by them respectively rouftered, as well before the clearing out of such Ship or Vessel for the

said Fishery, as on her Return to any Port in Great Britain: any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary

notwithstanding. /

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel which, after the first

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be fitted or cleared out for the said Fishery,

shall be entitled to any of the Premiums granted by this Act, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have been

duly registered pursuant to the Terms and Directions of an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and

Navigation.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Return of every Ship or

Vessel from the Fifheries aforesaid, in which Ship or Vefl'el any Oil or Head Matter shall be imported, and

on Account of which Importation any of the Premiums herein-before granted shall be claimed or demanded,

in case there shall be any Keafon tofuipedl that such Oil or Head Matter is mixed with Water, or any other

Material or Materials, in order to increase the Quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vefl'el

shall so return, to nominate and appoint, and such Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers, is and

are hereby required to nominate and appoint, one or more ‘(as the Cafe may require) skilful Person or Per-

fons to examine such Oil or Head Matter, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Oil or Head Matter

has been mixed with any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever, (other than Oil or Head

Matter so taken as aforesaid,) whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased; and if it

shall appear, upon such Examination, that there has been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water,

or any other Material whatever, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased, the Owner

or Ownei s shall not be entitled to any of the Premiums granted by this Act; and over and above the Loss of

the Premium, such Oil or Head Matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs; and if any Dispute shall arise whether there

hath been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever,

not being Oil or Head Matter so taken as aforesaid, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is

increased, then and in such Cafe the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Oil or Head

Matter, or on the Person or Persons claiming the Premium on account of the Importation of such Oil or

Head Matter, and not on the Officer who shall feizeor prosecute the fame.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any of the Premiums grant-

by this Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, the exact Quantity of Ou and

Head Matter taken together, imported in such Ship or Vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper Officer

or Officers of the Customs, and such Quantity shall be certified by them to the Commissioners of the Cuf-

toms in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line Manager,

or Boat Steerer, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, fitted out on the aforesaid Fishery, shall be impressed frqm

the said Service, but shall be, and is hereby privileged and exempt from being impressed, so long as he shall

belong to and be employed on board any Ship or Vessel whatever in the Fishery aforesaid.

9

XXXV. And

