795

tricesimo duinto

C. ii.

33

lions, and Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for ^co 'lir*

extracting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, xxp'0-t lio-wo

shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise/granted by this Act. Scotland not

.i"* |'k u liable to additional Duty.

IV. 4 And whereas Standing Contracts may have been made before the said twenty-third Day of

4 February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British

4 Spirits to be delivered after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

4 five;’ be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That such Distillers and Makers of Spirits,

delivering such British Spirits after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, in pursuance of such Contrails, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent

to the Duties by this A <51 imposed, for or in respe<5l of the Wort or Wash from whence such Spirits were

extracted or made, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid for the fame

accordingly. •

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this A61’ imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary

Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refjiedlively excepted,) (hah, from and after the parting of

this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and

the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated

Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, T hat the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so

much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of

defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of

any A& or Acts to be parted in this Sertion of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space

of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues ; and that there shall be provided and

kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books,

in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall,

together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Pur-

pose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For-

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of K. ing Charles the Second, intituled, Sin Act for taking away the Court of IVards and Liveries, and Tenures

in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excile, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties

thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made and pre-

feribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing,

levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for

, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to^ all Intents and

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters,

and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VIII. And be.it further enadledby the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the parting of this Act,

and from thenceforth until the Expiration of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the next Sertion

of Parliament, no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall apply, spend,

consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made ufc

cf, any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash for making

or extracting Low Wines or Spirits; and if any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low

Wmes or Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be

applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any Wheat or Wheat Flour, in the brewing, making, or prepar-

ing any Wort or Wash for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and

l-.fe the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every Servant of such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers

of Low Wines or Spirits, and every other Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, lpending,

confuraing, or making use of any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any

Wort or Wash for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits, or in carrying or conveying the fame into

the House, Stillhouse, or other Place used by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines

or Spirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such Wort or Wash, shall also forfeit and lose, for every

such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in Default cf Payment thereof, immediately upon Con-

'iction, shall be liable to suffer three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, and to be kept to

hard Labour during such Imprisonment.

irposes.

Distillers deli-

vering L'ritish

Spirits after Feb.

23, 1795, on

Contrails made

previous to that

Day, may add

to the Price a

Sum equivalent

to the Duties.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

W\

Duties to |?e

applied in de-

fraying any in-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of this

StiTion, and for

10 Years to be

kept separate

from other

Monies.

The Powers of

12 Car. II.

Cap. 24, Sec.

to extend to

this Act.

Till the Expi-

ration of fix

Weeks liter the

Commence-

ment of next

Session, no

Distiller shall

use any Wheat

or Wheat Flour

in making Wort

for extracting

Spirits, on Pe-

nalty of 5001.

and Persons

aiding Distillers

in such Ufc

shall forfeit

ao L &:c.

\

0

j>Geo. III.

F

CAP.

