6-12

the Vacancies of

Serjeants, 8ec.

No Publican to

be a Serjeant.

Half Pay Of-

ficers fcrv!n£ as

Subaltern , &c.

tnay receive

their Halt Pay

on taking the

following

Oath.

Serjeants of

Chelsea Hospital

may receive

their Allowance

with their Pay.

What Service in

the Militia Ihnil

ert tle to a Re-

commendation

to the Chelsea

Petition. -

The Militia to

be billetted, and

Carriages pro-

vided on their

March as for

the Regular and

Tencible Forces.

Tf a Militia Man

desert and docs

not return, or

is not taken in

three Months,

another to be

ballotted for.

If such Oetirttr

returns, or is

taken, he shall

serve though

another be bal-

lotced.

Mulkrts to be

marked.

Penalty on Mi-

litia Men f r

felling, fee*

Arm ., Cloaths,

or Accoutre-

ments.

Penalty for buy-

ing, tec. Arms,

Cloat.is, or Ac-

quirements.

C. 103. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

serving in the Militia as a private Militia Man ; and that it shall be lawful for the Colonel, or, in his Ab-

fence, for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion of Militia, to displace, upon the Application of the

Captain, any Person so appointed a Serjeant out of the private Militia Men.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertainment,

cr who shall fell any Ale, Wine, Brandy, or ether Spirituous, Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being or

continuing a Serjeant in the Militia.

XLVIl. And be it enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to for-

feit or quit such Half Pay, during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Battalion Cleric,

Paymaster, Quartermaster, or Surgeon, in any Regintent, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia,

biit that the fame shall nevertheless continue, and instead of the Oath directed by the Act for punching

Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by such

Officer, he shall lake the following Oath: r .v-

4B /

4 J J. B. do swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or

4 Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in

4 late Regiment of save and except my Pay as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Battalion Clerk,

Paymaster, Quartermaster, or Surgeon, [as the Cafe may be,] for serving in a Regiment of Militia.*

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be Efficient to entitle such Person to

receive his Half Pay. 'f '* [i- i it jU

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea

Hospital, at the Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in the Militia, shall and

may receive the said Allowance of Twelve pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and

any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant in the Militia for fifteen Years, or as a Corporal or

Drummer for twenty Years, and who shall be discharged on Account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the

Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to

which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, and two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry,

City, or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, or on the Death or

Removal, or in the Abfeuce of the said Lieutenant, by the Commanding Officer and three or more Deputy

Lieutenants of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, be entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and

be capable to be placed on the Pension of Five-pence per Day, if the said Board shall judge him deserving

thereof: Provided, that no Person who shall be appointed a Serjeant in the Militia after the passing of this

Ad, shall be entitled to such Recompence, until he shall have served in the Militia, or in the Army and Mi-

litia, for twenty Years.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace, Provost, or other

Chief Magistrate of Towns, and all other Officers having Jurisdiction in such Matters, and they are hereby

required to quarter and billet the Officers and private Men serving in the Militia, and whiHI they shall con-

tinue to be embodied, in the fame Way and Manner as his Majesty’s Regular and Fencible Forces arc in

use to be bdletted and quartered in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and shall likewise be provided

with Carriages on their March in the same Manner as the said Regular and Fencible Forces are at present so

furnished and provided in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and all Justices of the Peace and other

Magistrates are hereby required to be assisting therein, in the fame Way and Manner as they are now in u(e

to assisi: in providing Carriages and Horses for his Majesty’s Forces upon their March.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall desert, or ablent himself from his Duty,

and shall not return or be taken within the Space of three Months from the 1 une of his fodeferting or ab-

lenting himself, then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or

Independent Company, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision or District

for which such Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby

required to hold a Subdivision or District Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and

be returned to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in the Room of every such Militia Man;

and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person

shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the fame Term, as if

no Person had been so chosen in his Room. W

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Mulkets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked

distinctly, in fomc visible Place, -with the Letter (M), and the Name of the County, Stewartry, City, or

Place, to which they belong; and in case any Militia Man shall fell, pawn, or lose, any of his Arms,

Cloaths, or Accoutrements, or neglect or refute to return the fame in good Order to the Captain, or to the

Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

a Sum not exceeding three Pounds Sterling; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such

Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Cor-

rection (or any Time not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

LI I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange,

conceal, or otherwise receive any Anns, Cloaths, or Accoutrements, belonging unto any Militia Man, upon

any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so

offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; and if such Offender

11 shall

