C. 94. Anno tricesimo qmnto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Calendar Months from the Date hereof, this Certificate to be returned to the Commissioners of the Navy

4 at their Office in London• P' 1

4 (Attested) V. TV. Commissioner of the Navy.

b 4 S. T. Treasurer’s Clerk.

4 To the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

4 By virtue of the Act thirty-fifth of George the Third.*

4 N. B. The forging of this Remittance Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the

4 fame, in order to receive any Part of the Monies to be made payable by any Means thereof, is

4 made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Ad thirty-fifth of George the Third.*

And as soon as the said Certificates shall be so made out, signed, and attested as aforesaid, the said Person,

to be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall cut, or cause them to be cut asunder through the

oblique Lines, Flourifhes, or Devices, and shall transmit, or cause to b° transmitted forthwith, one Duplicate

to the Person or Persons nominated and specified in such Certificate to be the Commissioned, Warrant Naval

Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons, to whom such Half Pay, Pension, or Bounty shall be due;

and the other Duplicate to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

One Remittance

Bill to be trans-

mitted to the

Person to

whom the

Money is due,

and the other to

the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

Money paid in

Ireland on Cer-

tificates, to be

repaid to the

Commissioners

of the Revenue

by the Treasurer

of the Navy.

I

4

If Payment of

Certificates be

not demanded

in nine Months,

they shall be

cancelled on

being returned.

No Deduction

to be made on

Payment of

Bills, tec. on

Penalty of 201.

Packets for car-

rying tins Act

into Execution,

to be free of

Portage.

Penalty for

fending any

Paper under

Cover not re-

lating to this

Act.

Orders.A*c. paid

by the Trea-

surer, to be

good Vouchers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as an Act shall be passed by

the Legislature of Ireland, making Provision for Payment in that Country of Certificates issued, as afore-

said, by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, in favour of any Commissioned or Warrant Naval

Officer, Widow, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and addressed to the Commissioners of the Re-

venue in Ireland, and the Sum or Sums specified in such Certificate or Certificates shall have been actually

paid by, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, to the Perions who shall be

specified to be entitled to receive the same, such Sum or Sums shall be immediately repaid by the Treafiirer

of the Navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the fame to the said Commissioners of the Revenue

in Ireland, or to their Order, upon the Certificate upon which the Acknowledgment of the Receipt of such

Money shall be indorsed, together with the Duplicate thereof, being produced to the Treasurer o! the Navy ;

but in case the Duplicates of such Certificates issued by the Commissioners of the Navy, or any of them,

addrefi’ to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall not be presented and delivered by the Per-

ibn or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the Amount of the fame, to the Collector or Revenue Of-

ficer to whom it shall have been addressed in Ireland, and the Payment thereof be demanded within nine Ca-

lendar Months from the Date thereof, then, upon such Certificates being returned by the Commissioners of

the Revenue in Ireland, to the Commissioners of the Navy, they shall cause such Certificates to be imme-

diately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof the Sum or Sums contained in such Certificate

or Certificates shall accrue and belong to the Person or Persons in whole Favour the fame was made out,

or to his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, or to his, her, or their lawful Reprefcntacives, in case he,

(lie, or they shall be dead, in the same Manner as if such Certificate had never been made out and issued.

XXVIII. And be itenadted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum or Sums of Money, to

be paid in consequence of any of the said Bills herein before directed to be drawn, or Orders and Certificates

herein-before directed to be ift'ued, shall be fully and completely paid to the Person in whose Favour they

shall so respectively be drawn or made payable, without any Deduction or Abatement, under any Pretence

whatsoever, although Part thereof may be in F radii on s of the smallest Denomination; and every Person

detaining or withholding any Part thereof ubder Pretence of former Privilege or Usage of Office, or

upon or under any Pretence whatsoever, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds, to be recovered in the fame Way and Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture in the Colledhon of

the Duties of Excise and Customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the Person

filing and prosecuting for the fame. ’ *.';,* 1

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters or Packets sent by the Person to

be appointed by the Treasurer of the Navy, to officiate under his Direction, in carrying this Act into Exe-

cution and Effect in Manner and Form as herein is directed, shall, from and alter the passing of tnis Act,

be Lnt free from the Duty of Postage ; and all Letters or Packets relating to the hxecution of this Act,

that shall be forwarded by such Perton as aforesaid, shall be under Covers, with the Words, 4 Pursuant to

4 Act of Parliament thirty-fifth of George the Third,’ printed upon the fame ; and the said Person to be

appointed as aforesaid,' shall write his Name under the Words so printed ; and he is hereby llridly prohibited

and discharged from enclding or (ending under such Covers, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, whatsoever,

excepting such as shall relate to the Execution of this Act; and if he shall lend or convey under the Covers

aforeLid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than those relating to the Execution of tnis Act, he shall

for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds ; and such Fine shall be levied and

recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and

any Penalty or Fine levied or recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Duty of Customs

or Excise is impeded or laid ; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Intormer or Informers

against such Offender or Offenders.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Older and Orders, Bill and Bills, Remittance

Bill and Remittance Bills, Certificate anJ Certificates, herein-before directed to be drawn and made out,

jjnd which shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy in any Manner as aforesaid, shall be deemed and

taken as good and sufficient V ouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy for lo much Money as shall have

10, been

