+3®

Oath, if requir-

, of the

Number of in-

habited Houses

within the Li-

mits of each

Court of Sef-

ficns, liable to

the Duties on

Houses, Arc. and

to be bid before

the Justices.

Justices to ap-

j>oint what

Number of Men

shall serve for

each Hundred,

Arc.

and to order the

Con (tables to

give Notice of

the Number,

and the Time

for railing them,

to the Harifii

Overseers.

Central Scf-

fions to ap-

point Petty Sef-

frons for receiv-

ing Returns,

and attesting

and enrolling

Men.

At first Petty

Sessions, Con-

ftablis and

Overseers to

make Returns.

General Sessions

Mayor, Arc. of

London, at the

General Sef-

fions,to appoint

the Number of

Men to serve in

Propoition to

the Amount of

the Duties on

Houses, &c.

Clerk t<*the

Commissioners

for the Duties

on Housei, Arc.

In London, to

lay bt fore the

Mayor, Sec.

Lifts of the

Number of

Houses assessed,

and the Amount

ofthcAssessment

In each Ward,

Arc. on Oath, if

required.

What Justices

Hull hold Petty

Sc flions.

C. 4.. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Jurisdiction of each Court of General Sessions, which are assessed, and pay to the Duties on inhabited

Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in such Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, by

virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, distinguishing therein each Hundred, Rape, Lath,

Wa'pentake, or District, and also each Parish, within such Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District,

and shall cause the fame to be laid before the Justices then assembled at their respective Courts of General

Sessions, by the respective Surveyors of the Laid Duties, and to be by them verified on Oath, if required

(which Oath the Lid Justices then assembled arc hereby authorized to administer); and such Justices re-

spedlively shall proceed to appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each such Hundred, City, or Town,

Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District, and also for each Parish, within such Hundred, City, or Town,

Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District respectively, and in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the Number

of Houses therein respectively assess'cd and paying to the said Duties, and so as the whole Number of Men

appointed by this Act to be raised for such County may be included, and shall issue an Order, signedby the

Clerk of the Peace of such County, to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds,

Laths, Wapentakes, or other Diitridts, within such Counties, requiring them to give Notice to the Ovfijr-

seers of the Poor.of every Parish, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other

Districts, of the Number of Men so appointed to be levied for such Parishes respectively, and of the Time

allowed for rafting the fame, and of making a Return to such Orders; all which Particulars shall be speciBed

in such Orders and Notices respectively; and the said Justices* at such Court of General Sessions, shall also

appoint Petty Sessions to be held within the different Districts of each County, wherein Petty Sessions have

been usually hcfld, and also within each City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having Magistrates

of itself, for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Officers of the several Parishes within those Dif-

tridts respectively, and of attesting and causing to be enrolled the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of

this Act, after such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer or Officers to be appointed for

that Purporc ; and the said Justices shall also appoint a Time for holding the first Petty Sessions to be holden

in each District under this Act, at which first Petty Sessions Returns shall be made by the Chief Constables

and other Officers, and also by the Overseers, of all Matters done by them in pursuance of this Act, ac-

cording to the Directions therein contained, and which Petty Sessions shall be appointed at a Day not later

than twenty-one Days after issuing the Orders before-mentioned ; and such Justices having completed such

Orders, shall and may then adjourn their Court of General Sessions to the next Quarter Sessions of the

Peace to be holden for such County, at which Quarter Sessions the Justices of any City, Town, or Borough,

Cinque Port, or Liberty, directed to be united .herewith, may also attend for the Purpose ot executing this

Act, but not other wise. • j

may be adjourned when Orders are completed. VII. VIII. IX.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the City

of London, assembled at the General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said City, by virtue of

this Act, shall appoint the Number of Men to serve for each Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, and lJiacc,

separately supporting its own Poor, within the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, as nearly

as may be to the Amount of the Assessment to the Duties on inhabited Houses, and the Duties on Houses,

Windows, or Lights, in such Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, and Place respectively, infteadofthe

Number of Houses therein respectively assessed and paying to the said Duties, as herein-before directed, any

Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for enabling the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of London aforesaid to appoint

or apportion the Number of Men herein-before directed, be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks to

the respective Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament respecting the Du-

ties on inhabited Houses, and the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the City and County of the

City of London aforesaid, shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, true Lifts of the Number of all inhabited

Houses which are assessed, and pay to the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows,

or Lights, in the City and County of the City of London aforesaid, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment now in force, and also the Amount of the Assessments of the said Duties respectively, distinguishing

therein each Ward or Parish, Precinct, Liberty, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, within the

City and County of the City of London aforesaid ; and the said Lifts shall respectively be verified on Oath by

the said Clerk or Clerks, if required (which Oath the said Mayor, Recorder, or Aldermen respectively arc

hereby authorized to administer) and laid before the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, assembled at their

respective General or Quarter Sessions aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted. That within every County (not being a City, Town, or Borough, and a

County of itself, nor a City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having respectively

their own Magistrates or Justices) the Justices of the Peace usually acting in and for the District wherein

such Petty Sessions shall be directed by the Court of General Sessions to be held, or such other Justices as

shall be specially appointed by the Court of General Sessions to act in such District, which they are hereby

authorized to appoint in every District where they shall fee Occasion, shall be the Justices for holding such

Petty Sessions, and no other; and that within any City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or

Liberty, or any City, Borough or Town, being a County of idelf, the Justices or Magistrates of such

City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty, and no other, shall hold such Petty'Sessions

within such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, or Liberty; and such Justices respectively

