201

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 116.

Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, Ordnance and Military Stores excepted; any Law, Usage, or Cuf-

tom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

^W' pany, tec. and to export Goods

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That stich Ships shall not be liable to For-

feiture, nor shall any Persons whatever be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture on account of any Importation

of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in pursuance of this ACt, or of any Order or Orders of his Majesty

in Council which may be issued in virtue thereof.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of certain Acts of this Session

of Parliament respecting the Duties of Excise thereby granted on Wash, Coffee, Co-

coa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and Sweets.—[26th June 1795.J

collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of

the several Matters and 1 hings therein after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or

in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein-after men-

4 tioned: And whereas Doubts may arise respecting the true Construction of the said Act

viate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare

Now, to ob-

the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, it is

hereby declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content

of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, under and by virtue of the said Act, the further Duty of one Penny, first

mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be, and

to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which was

brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consump-

tien, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, and was not actually distilled

into Spirits on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like fermented Wort or Wash which, since the said twenty-

third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this

Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the further Duty of one Penny, secondly

mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be, and to

have been imposed, as well for and in respect of evenj Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other YVafh or

Liquor, which was brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England* from any Sort or Kind

of British Materials

for

Spirits for Home

^ w / — --

ials, (except l'uch as are before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting

Consumption, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty third

Uay or rebruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the

like Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made

for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, mentioned in the said Act, is and

was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be, and to have been imposed, as well for and

in respect of every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which was brewed or made in that Part of Grevt

Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home

Consumption, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like fermented

Wort or Wash which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose aforesaid; and that

me further Duty of two Pence, mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be

deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Wash which

was brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign

Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except Melafics and Sugar,) or any Mixture there-

with, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before

ne said twenty-third Day of /V^ri/^ry one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect

of every Gallon of the like Wash which lince the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, brewed or made for the Purpose

aforesaid; and also that the further Duty of two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, and (o in Pro-

portion, mentioned in the said Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to

and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every ninety-six Gallons of Wash, which Sir

; >Lam Bijhofa Avglet Btjhob, and George Bifio/>, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, did produce from

\Veight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve

Fourds, anJ which was not actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Wath which,

35 G10. ill. Dd lince

within the Ter-

ritories belong-

ing to the'Com-

> the Fart Indies.

Such Ships not

liable to For-

feiture, nor the

Persons import -

ing liable to

Penalty.

35 Ce#. Ill

Cap. ii, re-

cited.

Additional

Duties imposed

by recited Act,

to extend as

well to Wash

made and not

actually didil.

led into Spirits

on or before

Feb. 23, 1 795,

as to Wash

made since that

Day.

