376

C. 88.

Anno tricesimo sexto G e o r g i i III.

A.D. 1796.

Act, or buying

in a Market

Place to lc!l it

again therein.

Penalty for

charging more

than actually

paid.

Penalty for de-

livering other

than the Com-

modity fold.

Penalty for

fraudulently

increasing

Weight.

Penalty for de-

livering id's

than the Num

b-.r of TruflVs

Told.

w m

Penalty for

not bunging r

Hay or Straw,

exposed and not

fcld, to the

Market Place

on the ensuing

Market Day,

Ac.

Penalty for giv-

ing or receiving

false Receipts of

the Price of

Hay or Straw

ioid.

limitation of

Pfcfccu lions.

Cities or Limits aforesaid ; and every Person so offending {hall, for every Truss of Hay or Straw so bought,

forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings: Provided always, that no Person felling Hay or Straw by Retail

at their own Prem ies, in any less Quantity than five Trufies as aforesaid, shall be liable to such last men-

tioned Penalty. *.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person within the Cities or Limits aforesaid shall, after

having purchufed for, or sent in or delivered to any Person, by whom or on whose Account he may have

been so employed to purchase any Hay or Straw, charge or demand a greater Price than what was really

and truly paid or -agreed to be paid for any such Hay or Straw, every Person so offending shall forfeit and

pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw so purchased, sent in, or de-

livered

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall fell any Quantity of Hay or Straw within the

Cities or Limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards fend in or deliver, or tender to the Buyer thereof, as and for

the Hay or Straw so fold, any other Hay cr Straw in Part or m Whole, every Person so offending shall for-

feit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Hay, and the Sum of five Shillings for

every Bundle or Truss of Straw lo sent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and fraudulently mix or put, or

cause to be mixed or put, any Water, or any Sand, Earth, or any other Matter or T hing, in any Bundle

or Truss of Hay or Straw, with an Intent to increase the Weight thereof, and shall afterwards fell, fend in,

and deliver the fame, or any Part thereof, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid ; or if any Person shall fell

any Quantity of Hay or Straw, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards mix or put, or

cause to be mixed or put, in the Bundles or Truffes of such Hay or Straw, Water, Sand* Earth, or any

other Matter or Thing, with an Intent to increase the Weight thereof, or any Part thereof, and shall

afterwards fend in, or deliver, or tender to the Buyer thereof, any such Hay or Straw, every Person so of-

fending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Hay, and the Sum of five

Shillings for every Bundle or Truss of Straw so sent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person felling any Hay or Straw, in any Market or Place

within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall deliver to, or tender to or for, or on Account of, the Buyer

thereof, a less Number of Bundles and Truffes of Hay or Straw, as or for the true Number bought and sold,

or if the Driver of the Waggon, Wain, or Cart, in which such Hay or Straw shall be, for the Purpose of

being delivered according to such Sale, shall secrete, keep back, or withhold, any Part of the said Hay or

Straw, or shall deliver a less Number of Bundles or Truffes to the Buyer, such Driver or Person felling,

knowing the fame so delivered not to be the true Number bought, or which ought to be delivered according

to such Sale, every Driver or Person felling so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for

every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw so secreted, kept back, withheld, or not delivered \ and in Default

of immediate Payment of any such Penalty by any such Driver, on Conviction before any Just ice of the

Peace in whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall have been committed, such Driver or Person (elling shall be

forthwith sent, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to the House of Correction, or other

Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Space of T ime not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless the said

Penalty should be sooner paid ; any Thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

withstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after having brought or received any

Hay or Straw for Sale, or exposed any Hay or Straw to Sale on a Market Day, in any Market or Place

for Sale of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, which shall not be loid, shall thereupon

lodge the fame in any Place near to such Market or Place as aforesaid, and shall not, if the fame be not be-

fore that Time fold, bring andexpofe the said Hay or Straw for Sale in such Market or Place, by Eleven of

the Clock in the Forenoon of the next ensuing Market Day, or if any Person lodging any Hay or Straw as

aforesaid, which shall be brought to any Place for the Purpose of Sale on a Bye Day or a Day between

the usual Market Days, shall not, if the fame be not before that Time fold, bring and expose all such Hay

or Straw for Sale in such Market near to where the fame was lodged, on the following Market Day by the

fame Hour as aforesaid, or as soon after as the Weather will permit without endangering the spoiling or in-

juring the fame, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money

not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have been concerned in buying or

felling any Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall give, take, or receive, any false or un-

true Receipt, Ticket, or Memorandum, of the Price of any Hay or Straw so fold or bought as aforesaid,

expreflave of a greater or less Price than what the fame was really and truly fold for or bought, every Person

so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than

five Pounds, upon Complaint being made to any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offence

shall have been committed, at any Time within lix Calendar Months after such Offence committed, any

Thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding : Provided always, that if

any Person offending in either of the Cafes aforesaid (hal), within the said Space of iix Calendar Months, give

Information of and prosecute to Conviction any other Person so offending, such Informer shall be indemni-

fied from the Penalty herein-before mentioned.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the be-

fore-mentioned Offences, except where it has been or shall be herein othexwife expreded, unless Information

1 of

