194

Officers of Ex-

cife may, at ail

Times, enter

into Work-

houses, Sec. to

gage Materials,

See. and mark

Pots.

C.114.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795-

Penalty of 50c!.

for counterfeit-

ing Marks, and

200I. for defac-

ing them.

Four Hours

previous Notice

to-be given of

Intention to heat

any Annealing

Arch, on Pe-

nalty of aoL

No Pot to be

filled with Me-

tal till gaged by

the Officer, on

Penalty of 50I.

No Fire to be

furred, Ac. in

any Furnace or

Annealing

Arch, to oh-

struft the Offi-

fct r, on Penalty

of loch

Officers may

unstop Pots to

gage Materials.

Jf Makers, de-

ftrous of mak-

ing Common

Glass Bottles,

IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

all and every the Officers of Excffe, at all 1 imes, by Day or by Night, upon his or their Request, to enter

into all and every the Workhouses, Furnaces, Pot Chambers, Annealing Arches, Warehouses, Rooms,

and other Places whatsoever, entered or made use ot by any Maker or Makers of Glass, for the making,

preparing, or keeping any Materials for the making of Glass, or for the making or keeping of Glass, or for

the making or keeping of any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass, and at any such Time or Times, and

from Time to Time, to inspeef, examine, weigh, gage, or otherwise take Account of the Metal and Ma-

terials there mixed and prepared for the making of Glass, as well before such Metal and Materials shall be

put into the Pot or Pots, as after the fame shall be put into the Pot or Pots, and of all Glass there made or

rnanufactured, or making or manufacturing , and also to examine, gage, or otherwise take aa Account of,

the Capacity or Content of each and every Pot there found for the making of Glass, and to mark and

number every such Pot, in such Manner as he or they shall think fit; and if any Per son or Persons what-

soever shall counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or altered, any such Mark on any

Pot for the making of Glass, or (It all connive at any such Mark being so counterfeited or altered, the Person

or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of five hun-

dred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any such Mark, or cause or

procure any such Mark to be defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such Mark being so defaced or

obliterated, the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit and lose

the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker or Makers of

Glass shall, by the Space of four Hours next before the beginning to light, kindle, or prepare, any Eire to

heat his, her, or their Annealing Arch, into which any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass shall have been

placed or set, give to the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, (lie, or they shall then be,

a Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular Pot or Pots <0

placed or set in such Annealing Arch, with the true Numbers marked by the Officer or Officers of Excise

on such Pot or Pots, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal to give

such Notice as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Glass shall,

after any Pot for the making of Glass shall have been placed or set in the Furnace, begin to fill or charge

any such Pot with Metal, or Preparation for the making of Glass, until the proper Officer or Officers of

Excise shall have previously examined and gaged such Pot after the fame shall have been placed or let in the

Furnace as aforesaid; and if any Maker of Glais iha’I, af.er any Pot for the making of Glass shall have

been placed or set in the Furnace, begin to fill or charge any such Pot with Metal, or Preparation for mak-

ing of Glass, before the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall have examined and gaged such Pot, after

the fame shall have been so placed or set in the Furnace as aforesaid, all and every such Maker and

Makers of Glass so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty

Pounds. "■

V. And, that the Officers of Excise may be enabled, without perfooal Danger or Inconvenience, to afeer-

tain whether, after Notice given, and a Gage taken by the Officer, and without fresh Notice in Writing,

any Metal, Material, or Preparation has been put into any Pot used for the making of Glass; be it further

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Glass shall, during the Space of one

Quarter of an Hour after any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have entered the Glass House of any such

Maker or Makers of Glass, and shall have forbidden the fame, ffir or break up the Fire, or add fresh Coals

or Fuel thereto, in any Furnace or Annealing Arch belonging to such Glass House, or wilfully raise any

Smoke, or other noisome or offensive Vapour, whereby the Officer may be hindered or obstructed in gaging

or examining any Pot or Pots placed or set in any Furnace or Annealing Arch, or in the examining the x\le-

tal or Materials in any such Pot or Pots in the Furnace for the making of Glass, or in gaging or afeer-

tainingthe Quantity of any such Metal or Materials, or in examining or counting the Vessels, Utensils, or

Wares, in any Annealing Arch; and if any Maker or Makers of Glass shall, contrary to the Directions

herein-before in that Behalf contained, ffir up or break up the fire, or add fresh Coals or Fuel thereto, in

any Furnace or Annealing Arch as aforesaid, or wilfully raise any such Smoke, or other noisome or offen-

iive Vapour, all and every such Maker and Makers of Glass shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit

the Sum of one hundred Pounds. ' fTifil

VI. ‘And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Officers of Excise are authorized by Law to unstop

‘ any Pot containing Metal or Preparation for the making of Glassnow, to obviate all such Doubts, be

it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officer and Officers of Excise shall

and may at all Times unstop or take down any Stopper from any Pot or Pots containing any Metal or Pre-

paration for the making of Glass, for the Purpose of inspecting, examining, gaging, or taking Account of

the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, in such Pot or Pots for the making of Glass.

VII. ‘ And whereas it is expedient to ascertainand charge the Duty for and in respect of the Materials or

4 Metal, or other Preparations made use of in Great Britain in the making of Common Glass Bottles, and

4 other Vefllls or Uteniilsof Common Bottle Metal, upon such Makers ot Glass as shall be desirous thereof,

4 by and according to the Weight of the Bottles, or other V eilels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, in

4 lieu of ascertaining the Weight of such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, by or according to the

4 Gage thereof taken in the Pots:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any

Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, shall be delfious ot making Com-

mon Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal only, in any distinct and separate Glass

. \ - f ' “ jHoule

