A.D. 1798.' Anno triceftmo octavo Georgii III. C. 78, 79.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall file any Bill in any Court for

the Discovery of the Names of any Persons concerned in the Property of, or as Printers, Editors, or Pub-

lifhers of, or otherwise, in any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, or of any Matters relative to

the printing or publishing thereof, in order to enable him or them the more effectually to bring or carry on

any Suit or Action forDamagesby him or them alledged to have been sustained by reason of any slanderous

or libellous Matter contained in any such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, respecting such Person or

Persons, it {hall not be lawful for the Defendants to plead or demur to such Bill, but they shall be compel-

lable to make the Discovery thereby required: Provided nevertheless, That such Discovery shall not be

made ufc of as Evidence or otherwise, in any Proceeding against the Defendants, save only in that Pro-

ceeding in which the Discovery is made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this A& imposed,

which (lull exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall (except where this Act hath otherwise directed *) be

recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

IViJhninJier, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Pa-

latine of CJirJler, Lancajhr, and Durham, or in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

ias the Cale shall require,) wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager cf Law, or more than one

mparlanee shall be allowed ; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which

dull not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice

of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be

levied by Diffrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of

such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if 3ny, on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and

Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold ; and for Want of sufficient

Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all Cafes where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-

before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding,’Stewartry, City, or

Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months j and the

Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be, as to one Moiety

thereof, to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and as to the other

Moiety thereof, to and for the Use of such Person who shall inform or sue for the same, except in such Cafes

in which the Application thereof is otherwise directed by this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act by any

Justice of the Peace shall be removed by Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension, out of the County, Riding,

Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction shall be made, into any Court whatever ; and that

no Writ of Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon

any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such

Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A& contained shall be construed to ex-

tend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, save and except so much thereof as relates to the printing

or publishing Newspapers, or such other Papers as aforesaid, upon Paper not duly damped, and so much

thereof as relates to the taking and receiving into, and keeping in the Custody of any Person any such

Newspapers or other Papers not duly stamped, and to the fending or carrying Newspapers or other such

Papers as aforesaid out of Great Britain, and to the summoningand examining Persons for the Discovery of

such Persons as are concerned in so (ending or carrying the fame, and the seizing and taking the fame as

forfeited. *

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to repeal or alter this A<£t during

the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

^ i'll il t • • ^ j f

An ACt more efte&ually to prevent, during the War, Persons, being His Majesty’s

Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any Country or

Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France and to prevent Cor-

respondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty’s Enemies.—[28th June 1798.]

« T^OR preventing all traitorous Correspondence with his Majesty’s Enemiesbe it enacted by the

P King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That

if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, at any Time during the

Continuance of the War, voluntarily go or repair, directly or indirectly, or embark in any Vessel with

Intent to go or repair, directly or indirectly, to France, or any Country or Place united to France, or

occupied by the Armies of France, at the Time when such Act shall be done, every such Person, being

lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as

in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

~ v II. And

861

To Bills for the

Discovery of

Proprietors,

Printers, Edi-

tors, or Pub-

lifhers, of

Newspapers,

the Defendants

shall not de-

mur; but shall

make the Disco-

very required.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties.

• See § 22.

No Order or

Conviction of a

Justice to be re-

moved into any

Court or the

perfeded.

Act to extend

to Scotland in

certain Cafes

only.

Act may be re-

pealed or altered

this Session.

If any Subject

shall during the

War go, or em-

bark to go, to

France, or any

Place united

thereto, or oc-

cupied by its

Armies, he Hull

be guilty of Fe-

lony without

Clergy.

