A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 74.

83'S

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the

Defence of the Kingdom during the present War.—{21ft June 179#.]

1 \\7 HEREAS, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that

4 Part a/Great Britain called England, it is provided, that nothing therein contained should extend to the

4 Miners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, but that the Warden of the Stannaries, in pursuance of

4 his Majesty’s Commission in that Behalf, and such as he should commissionate and authorize under him,

4 should have and use the like Powers, and array, artefs, arm, mutter, and exercise the said Miners, within

the Taid Counties, or either of them, as hath been theretofore ufed/and according to the ancient Privileges

and Customs of the said Stannaries, and the like Provision had been made by divers former Acts of Par-

4 liament concerning the Militia: And whereas, by reason of the Length of Time which elapsed since any

4 Commission hath illucd to the Warden of the Stannaries aforesaid, to array, artefs, arm, muster, and ex-

4 ercife the said Miners, great Difficulties might occur in the Execution of such Commission, and it is there-

4 fore expedient that Provision should be made for arming, arraying, and exercising a certain Proportion of

4 such Miners, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War;’ be it therefore enacted by

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

his Majesty may, from Time to Time as Occarton shall require, ifiiie his Commission to the Warden of the

Stannaries of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, giving him Power and Authority during his Majesty’s

Pleasure, and such Warden is hereby, according to such Commission, authorized and required to call to-

gether, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Miners, in such Numbers and in such Man-

ner as hereinafter is directed; and the said Warden shall constitute and appoint, from Time to Time, such

Persons as he shall think fit, being qualified as hereinafter mentioned, to be his Deputy Wardens for the

special Purposes of this Act, the Names of such Persons having first been presented to and approved by his

Majesty; and the said Warden shall also appoint such Field Officers and other Officers as hereinafter di-

rected, qualified as hereinafter^ mentioned, to train and discipline, and command the Miners, so to be armed

and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions after mentioned, and shall certify to his Ma-

jesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and if his Majesty shall, within fourteen

Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons

ib to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Warden to grant a Commission to any Person so dis-

approved, but Commissions shall be granted by the said Warden to all such Persons so to be appointed as

shall not be disapproved by his Majesty, and the Officers so appointed shall rank with the Militia Officers of

this Kingdom, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions, and with all Officers of his Ma-

jesty's Forces, in the same Manner as the said Militia Officers a/e entitled to rank; and the Commissions so

to be granted by the said Warden shall not be vacated by realon of the Revocation, Expiration, or Dis-

continuance of his Majesty’s Commission to the said Warden: Provided always neverthelefe, That if any

Warden of the said Stannaries, to whom his Majesty shall have issued his Commission as aforesaid, shall be

removed from, or resign his Office of Warden of the said Stannaries, and cease to be Warden of the said

Stannaries, the said Commission issued to the said Warden for the Purposes aforesaid, and all and every the

Pov/ers and Authorities veiled in such Warden by virtue of such Commission, and of this A<Sl, shall ccafe

and determine. , '

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall constitute and appoint twelve Special Deputy

Wardens at the lead for the Purposes of this Act, if so many Persons can be found qualified as hereinafter

directed, that is to say, every such Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall be qualified

in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants are required to be qualified by the said A£tof the twenty-sixth

Year of his Majesty’s Reign, in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and every Person so to be ap-

pointed a Special Deputy Warden shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the

Declaration required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed, by such Deputy Lieutenants, by virtue

of the said hit of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, changing only what ought to be

changed. , i ,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said

'Counties respectively, together with one or more Special Deputy Warden or Deputy Wardens, to do all

Matters and Things in the Execution of this A&, which might be done by a like Number of Special De-

puty Wardens, in the same Manner as Justices of the Peace are authorized to act with Deputy Lieute-

nants in executing the Laws concerning the Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk of the

-General Meetings to be holden as hereinafter dire<Sted, and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit,

and appoint another in his Room; and the Special Deputy Wardens within their respe£live Subdivisions,

or the major Part of those present at any Subdivision Meeting, shall also, from Time to Time, appoint a

Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk as they, or the major Part of them, shall

5 P a think

26 Geo. 3.

Cap. 107.

§ 109. recited.

His Majesty

may authorize

the Warden of

the Stannaries

to call out the

Warden to ap-

point hi* Depu-

ties andOfficers,

tec. with his

Majesty’s Ap- ’

probation.

Officers to rank

with Militia

Officers.

Commissions

not vacated by

the Revocation

or Expiration

of the Warden’s

Cemmiffiun.

Warden to ap-

point Special

Deputy War-

dens, who shall

be qualified as,

and take the

Oath prescribed

to. Deputy

Lieutenant*

undera6 Geo.3.

c. X07.

Justices with

Deputy War-

dens may atL

Warden to ap-

point a Clerk of

the General

Meetings, and

Deputy War-

dens a Clerk

for their Sub*

divifious.

