9+o

For appointing

a Stand for

Hacknsy

Coaches be-

tween Temple

Bar and Saint

Clement’s

Church.

Improvements

to be carried into

Effect within

ten Years from

the pairing of

the former A €t.

C.lxi,lxiijlxiii. Anno tricesimoodtavoGEORGII III. A.D. 1798.

Graves, or Vault, with the Consent of the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time

being, or the major Part of them, to remove such Corpse or Corpses to any other Place or Places set apart

for the Burial of the Dead, and afterwards, if they shall so think fit, to bring back the fame, and depolit

such Corple or Corpses in the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground, as soon as the said new Church

Yard or Burial Ground shall be made fit for the Burial of the Dead ; any Law, Ecclesiastical Canon, or

Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding ; and such of the Corpses in the Graves or Vaults so to be

opened or disturbed, as shall not be removed as aforesaid from the present Church Yard, shall, at the Fx-

pence of the fjiid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to be paid out of

the find Fund, and as loon as conveniently may be after the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground shall

have been made fit for the Burial of the Dead, be taken out of the present Church Yard, and placed in

the said new Church Yard or Burial Ground, except the Bodies in such Vaults or Graves as shall be finally

closed up. ; '*»T R

44 Common Council empowered to take down the South Portico of the Church of St. Clement Danes within

u four Years ; delivering the Materials to the Churchwardens. § 14. Indemnity to the Rector for Tythes.

44 § 15.” j v 1 £ fjr

XVI- 4 And whereas it is expedient that there should be only one Stand of Hackney Coaches allowed

4 to ply for Hire in the open Streets, Ways, or Passages, made or to be made from Temple Bar, Westward,

4 to the End of Arundel Street, and from thence Northward to the East End of IVych Street, and from thence

4 Eastward to Temple Bar, as hereinafter mentioned \ be it therefore enacted, That no Hackney Coach

shall hereafter stand or ply for Hire between Temple Bar and Arundel Street, and IVych Street, or between

Arundel Street and the East End of IVych Street, except in a single Row of Coaches in the Middle of the

wide Street between Saint Clement's Church and Temple Bar\ such intended Stand of Coaches not to extend

Westward, within seventy Feet of the East End of the said Church, nor to extend Eastward beyond the

third House to the East of the Entrance into Palfgrave Place, and that a free and uninterrupted Space or

Distance of two Yards, at the least, shall be left between each and every of the Coaches on the said Stand,

upon pain that the Owner or Driver of every Hackney Coach which shall stand or ply for Hire between

Arundel Street and IVych Street, or between those last-mentioned Streets and Temple Bar, except as herein-

before is excepted, or at a less Distance, one Coach and Horses from the other than is hereinbefore specified,

shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be levied, reco-

vered, and applied, as by the several Acts of Parliament now in force concerning Hackney Coaches, or

any cf them, are directed; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Bye Law, to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing. 58*3

The Costs and Expences of passing and executing the Purposes of this Act, to be paid out of the Monies

arising under the former Ad. § 17. Powers, &c. contained in the former Act, lor making good Defi-

ciencies in Taxes and Rates, are to extend to the Premises aforesaid. § 18. Clauses, Powers, i$c. of

the former Ad, extended to this Act. § 19. Power of purchasing limited to seven Years from the

passing of the former Ad. § 20.99

XXL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if*the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, shall not within the Space of ten Years, commencing and to be computed

from the Time of passing the said recited Act, carry into Effect, do and complete the several Objects and

Purposes of this Act, that then and in such Cafe this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby given,

shall from thenceforth ccafe and determine. . ' . u

44 Public Act. § 22P'

44

44

44

44

44

Cap. Ixiu ,

An Act for authorizing the Trustees therein named, to raise Money by Rates or Assessments, within the

Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, for the

better and more effectually discharging Annuities, heretofore granted to certain Persons who have ad-

vanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish.—[21ft June 1798.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes,

Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley,

Grove hill, Sandholme, Stork hill. Mo lefcroft, Leckonfield, Arram, Scorbrough, Leckington, Ayke, Bejwick,

IVilf holme, Kilnwick, JVatton, Hutton-Cranfuuick^ Rotfea, Feaiherholme, Skerne, Brigham, FiJhholmey

Barm/Ion,

|wn,

the

7, 2

County

of York.

une 1798.J

CaP'

