C. 49. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

make out Certi-

ficates, for Ne-

gledt of Duty.

Surveyors of

Koufes and

Windows to

give Notice to

Occupiers of

Houses, to pro-

duce Lifts an-

nually of Refi-

dents therein

who have worn

Hair Powder,

See.

n 0

Penalty of 201.

on Occupiers

for Neglect.

such Office, with relation to the Powers and Trusts vested in them respectively by this Act according to the

Rules and Directions herein mentioned, or shall commit or suffertobe committed any undue or fraudulent

Practice in the Execution of such Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such Officer, or other

Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons who are or shall be ap-

pointed Surveyors, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Duties on Houses and Windows

or Lights, shall and may, within fourteen Days after the fifth Day of April yearly, give or leave Notice to

or for every Occupier of any Dwelling House where any Person, liable to the Duties hereby imposed, shall

reside within the Limits of the Places for which such Surveyors are toadl, at his or her Dwelling House, (and

where such Dwelling Houses shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly

by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each District, Siory, or Apartment,) to prepare and

produce, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List, in Writing, to thebeft

of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Person resident in such Dwelling House,

and liable to the Duty hereby imposed, who shall, within the Year ending the fifth Day of April preceding

such Notice, to his or her Knowledge, have used or worn Hair Powder, and the Situation or Capacity of

such Person in respect of the Family or Families in such Dwelling House; in which Lift, all Persons of the

P'amily, and all Apprentices, Servants, Lodgers, and Inmates, which, to the best of his or her Knowledge

or Belief, are respectively liable to the said Duty, whether such Persons, or any of them, shall have obtain-

Certificates in pursuance of this Act or not, shall be included; and every such Occupier shall, after such

Notice so given or left, make out such Lift, and sign the fame with his or her own Name, and shall also, at

the fame Time, make a Declaration, ffgned by him or her, of the County, Riding, Division, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place, wher£ such Occupier so resident shall have obtained, or doth intend to obtain, his or

her Certificate, and whether for himself or herself only, or for any Part of his or her Family or Servants, and

deliver the fame, or cause the fame to be delivered, to such Surveyor; and if any such Occupier shall neglect

or refuse to makeout, sign, and deliver, such Lift, or to make such Declaration as aforesaid, within the l ime

herein-before limited, or shall omit any Person who ougfiTto have been included Therein, in pursuance of

this Act, and who shall, to his or her Knowledge, have used or worn Hair Powder within the Period pre-

scribed in such Notice, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twen-

ty Pounds, and shall be liable to Prosecution for every such Offence, and to be deemed guilty thereof, whether

it shall appear that the Person so omitted or not returned according to the Directions of this Act hath or hath

not obtained for himself or herself a Certificate, according to the Directions of this Act, or hath or hath not

been prosecuted for any such Offence, and whether such Person, so omitted or not returned, is or is not

amenable to Justice for" any Offence against this Act; and that the Conviction of any such Occupier, for

any such Neglect or Omission, shall not be deemed to exempt the Person so omitted or not returned

from paying the Duty by this Act imposed, or from Prosecution or Puhiftiment for any Offence against

this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons appointed Surveyors shall transmit such Lifts so de-

livered to them respectively as aforesaid, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at their Office in

Middlejea*, who shall within a convenient 'Lime transmit a lull and exact Copy of the Names and Defcrip-

tiens of all PersonS'named or described therein, to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

Surveyors to

transmit Lifts

ro the Commis-

sioners for

Taxes, who

,shall transmit Copies to the Commissioners of Stamps

Occupiers not XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be required to include

to include in jn t^e Lift made out by him or her, any Persons resident in his or her House, who have respectively Places

Lift, Residents j- ^ j Residence elsewhere in Great Britain.

who have usual

Residence elfrvvhere. ' . ' ,

Period for which

first Lifts shall

be made out. -

Application and

Recovery of

Penalties sued

for within three

Months.

Penalty, if not

sued for within

the limited

Time, not re-

coverable, tx-

ceptin the Name

of the Attorney

General, &c.

and to he applied

as Ueiein men-

tioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the first Lift to he made out in pur-

fuance of this Act, the fame shall be made for all the Persons resident in any such Dwelling House, who shall

have used or worn Hair Powder as aforesaid, at any Time between the fifth Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, and the filth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six. \

XXV. And be it further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties

and Forfeitures hereby imposed (except where other rrovilions are exprdsly made) shall (if sued for within

the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurred) be to

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person

or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the l ime aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued

for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westmin/ler for Offences committed in England, and in his Ma-

jesty’s Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efloin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall

be allowed. . * . . j

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the l ime

herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except in the Name of

his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the refoedlive

Courts aforesaid; in which Cafe the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Succcfibrs, and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred

as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcfibrs, shall be paid ioto the Hands of the Re-

ceiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cafes where the Whole

of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

