A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimoo&avo Georgii III. C. 78.

from the Commissioners, or such Officers, once in every fix Days, the Amount of the ordinary Price of

the Newspapers or other Papers so delivered; and in every Cafe in which the Printer and Publisher of

such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, shall neg!e<£l to deliver one such Newspaper, or other Paper,

in the Manner hereinbefore directed, such Printer and Publisher shall, for every such NegletSt respectively’,

forfeit and lose the Sumof one hundred Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall make Application

to the Commissioners, or such Officer aforesaid, in order that such Newspaper, or other Paper, so signed

by the Printer or Publisher, may be produced in Evidence in any Proceeding, civil or criminal, the said

Commissioners, or such Officers, shall, at the Expence of the Party applying, at any Time within two

Years from the Publication thereof, either cause the fame to be produced in the Court in which the fame is

required to be produced, and at the Time when the fame is required to be produced, or shall deliver the fame

to the Party applying for it, taking, according to their Discretion, reasonable Security, at his Expence, for

the returning the fame to the said Commissioners, or such Officer; and in case, by reason that the fame shall

have been previously required by any other Person to be produced in any Court, or hath been previously de-

livered to any other Person for the like Purpose, the fame cannot be produced at the Time required, or be

delivered according to such Application, in such Cafe the said Commissioners, or such their Officer, shall

cause the fame to be produced, or shall deliver the fame as soon as they are enabled so do.

XVill. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or

cause to be printed or pubhlhed, any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, the fame not being

printed upon Paper duly stamped according to Law, he shall forfeit and pay, over and above all other Pe-

nalties recoverable by Law, the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Newspaper, or other Paper as afore-

said, so printed upon Paper not duly stamped; and Proof made in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, in any

Proceeding to recover the fame, that the Party proceeded against is a Printer or Publisher of such Newspaper

or other Paper as aforesaid, which shall be so printed or published upon Paper not duly stamped according to

Law, shall be deemed and taken to be Proof that such Party is a Person wilfully and knowingly printing or

publishing, or causing the fame to be printed or published, contrary to the present Provihon of this A

unless he shall satisfactorily prove the contrary thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully take or receive into,

and keep in his Custody any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, not duly stamped according to

Law, such Person shall forfeit and lose, for every such Paper as aforesaid, not duly stamped, which he shall

so take or receive into, and keep in his Custody, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall krtowingly or wil-

fully, directly or indirectly, fend or carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or

carried, or do or cause to be done any Act whatever for or towards the fending or carrying, or for or to-

wards the causing or procuring to be lent or carried, or with Intent that the fame should be sent or carried

out of Great Britain, any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, the fame not being printed on Paper

duly stamped according to Law, such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one

hundred Pounds. x '. ' '

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, during the Continuance

of the present War, shall knowingly and wilfully, directly or indirectly, fend or carry, or endeavour to fend

or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or carried, or do or cause to be done, or be in any Manner con-

cerned in doing or causing to be done any Act whatever, for or towards the fending or carrying, or for or

towards the causing and procuring to be sent or carried, or with Intent that the fame should be sent or carrieJ

any Newlbaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, whether printed upon Paper stamped or not stamped, out

of 'Great Britain into France, Spain ^ or any other Country not being in Amity with his Majesty at the

Time of such Act done or permitted to be done, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and shall also be liable to all other Prosecutions, Pains, Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Punishments, to which such Person would have been liable in case this A<St had not been

Officer, on Pe-

nalty ot jocl.

the Paper to be

paid for by the

Commissioners,

and may, with-

in two Years

alter Publica-

tien, be pro-

duced as Evi-

dence in any

Proceeding,civil

or criminal.

Penalty of atol.

for printing or

publishing

Newspapers not

duly stamped.

Penalty of 10I.

for having a

Newspaper not

duly stamped.

Penalty of 100I.

for fending or

procuring

Newspapers not

duly stamped to

be sent out of

Great Britain.

Penalty of 500I.

for fending, or

procuring to be

sent, during the

War, News-

papers, stamped

or undamped,

to any Country

not in Amity

with his Ma-

jclty.

(Dade.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Oath made before any one Jus-

tice of the Peace, that any Person hath in his Possession any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, in-

tended to be sent or carried out of this Kingdom, during the Continuance of the War, into any Country

not in Amity with his Majesty, it shall be lawful for such Justice to summon the Person or Persons in whole

Custody or Possession the fame is, and examine such Person or Persons, for the better Discovery of any other

Person or Persons intending to fend or carry, or to cause to be sent or carried, or who have done or caused

to be done any Act for or towards the fending or carrying the fame, or causing the fame to be sent or car-

ried out of Great Britain into any Country not in Amity with his Majesty; and in case any Person so

summoned shall not fubrnit to be examined, and answer all such lawful Questions as shall be afkedof him, he

{hall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied by such Justice in the Manner hereinafter directed

touching Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to

be committed, in like Manner, in case the fame cannot be so levied, for the Space of three Months, as is here-

inafter directed in Cafes in which such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of

twenty Pounds, cannot be levied for Want of sufficient Distress; and it {hall be lawful for such Justice to

fcize and take as forfeited to his Majesty all such Papers.

5 S 2 XXIII. And

On Oath that

any Person hat

a Newspaper

Intended to be

sent to any

Country not In

Amity with hi*

Majesty, a Juf-

tice may sum-

mon and exa-

mine the farty.

Penalty for not

answering law-

ful Qutftions,

50I.

§ 29-

Papers to be

forfeited.

