A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 102.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Still within the Counties, Parts of Counties,

or Places hereinbefore particularly described and specified, to be subject to the Duty at the Rate of four

Pounds by this Act, shall be licensed to be set up or worked nearer than two English Statute Miles within

the said Line or Boundary, nor within any Part or Place within the Counties of Elgin or Banff, not being

distant from the neared Part of the Sea Shore more than three Englifl) Statute Aides; and that no StiR

within any other Part of the said Highlands, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, without the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly

Specified and described, shall be licensed to be set up or worked nearer than two English Statute Miles within

and from the said Line or Boundary, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty. • * * '

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Still shall be licensed to be set up within the Counties,

Parts of Counties, or Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, for the diddling or drawing off

Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of any County or Place without the Line or

Boundary hereinbefore particularly specified and described; and that no Still shall be licensed to be set up in

any other Part of the said Highlands, without the Line and Boundary hereinbefore particularly specified and

described, for the diddling or di awing oft’ Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of any

County or Place not within the said Highlands, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty; and if any licensed Distiller within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and

Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall import or bring, buy, receive, or use, for the

Purpose of Distillation, any Barley, Beer, Malt, or Grain, not being the actual Growth and Produce of

those Counties, or of those Parts and Places of Counties only which are hereinbefore particularly described and

specified; or if any licensed Distiller in any other Part of the said Highlands of Scotland, not being within the

Counties, Parts of Counties, or Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall import or bring,

buy, receive, or use, for the Purpose of Distillation, any Barley, Beer, Malt, or Grain, not being the actual

Growth and Produce of the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places only, which are by the said Act of the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty particularly specified and described as the Highlands of

Scotland, every such Distiller shall forfeit twenty Shillings per Buftiel for all such Grain or Malt, and also

his or her current Licence, and Still and Utensils, and upon being convicted thereof (halt be incapable of

ever afterwards receiving another Licence as a Highland Distiller.

X. And be it further ena£led. That no Spirits, the Manufacture of Stills licensed to be set up within any

of the Counties, Parts of Counties, or Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall be

allowed to paf$ out of the said Limits with or without Permit, either by Land or Water, across the Line or

Boundary hereinbefore specified, or from the Coasts or Ports of any of the Counties or DistriCls included within

the said Line or Boundary, and that no Spirits, the Manufacture of Stills licensed to be set up within any other

Part of the said Highlands without the said Counties, Part of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly

specified and described, shall be allowed to pass out of the said Highlands, as described by the said Act of the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with or without Permit, either by Land or Water,

across the Line or Boundary in the said Act expressed, or from the Coasts or Ports of any of the Counties,

Parts of Counties, or Places within the said Highlands, as described as last aforesaid; and that all Spirits distilled

within the respective Limits in this Act, or in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty described, that shall be found passing to or in other Parts without those respective Limits, or from the

Coasts of the said Kingdom, either with or without Permit, shall be liable to Seizure by any Officer or Officers

of Customs or Excite in England or Scotland respectively, and shall be forfeited and lost, together with the

Casks, Vessels, and other Packages, containing the fame ; and also the Vessels and Boats, Horses and other

Cattle and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof; and if any licensed Distiller

shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent or carried, from his or her Distillery or other

Place, any Spirits distilled by him or her tinder such#Licence, contrary to this Act, every such licensed

Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL And be it further enacted, That when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of six Pounds

and ten Shillings, imposed-by this Act, shall be paid by a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty shall be held to be

a Composition for the Duty on Dry Malt, to the Extent of five hundred Bolls Linlithgow Measure, or

three thousand Bushels, and no more; and when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of four

Pounds, imposed by this Act, shall be paid for a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty shall be held to be a Com-

pofttion for the Duty on Dry Malt, to the Extent of four hundred and fifty Bolls Linlithgow Measure, or

two thousand seven hundred Bushels, and no more; and where any such Composition Duty shall be paid for

any Still of a lester Size, the like Proportion shall be observed as to the Quantity of Malt for which such

Duty shall be held to be a Composition; and that for all Malt which shall be used or made by any Distiller

paying the Composition Duties last mentioned, there shall be paid by such Distiller the fame Duties to which

the entered Maltster shall be then liable by the Laws of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted. That so much of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as enads, that every Officer of Excise who should in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland seize and bring to Condemnation any Still by those Acts made liable to

Seizure and Forfeiture, (except in case of such Still or Stills being seized on the Discovery of any other Per-

son in the Manner therein after specified,) should be entitled to a Reward of two Shillings and Sixpence Ster-

ling for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, to be paid out of

his Majesty's Duties in Scotland, upon an Order from the said Commissioners of Excise, which Order the

ikid Commissioners were thereby authorized and required to grant; provided nevertheless, that such Reward

^ \7. ■' - 4I 2 should

603

Limits within

which Stills may

he licensed.

No Still to be

licensed to distil

from Barley,

See. but of the

Growth of

certain Limits.

Penalty on Difl

tillers buying or

using Barley,

Arc. not of the

Growth of such

Limits.

Spirits pacing

out of certain

Limits, to be

forfeited, with

the Vessels, Sec,

Distillers ailing

contrary hereto,

to forfeit tool.

Quantity of Dry

Malt for which

the additional

Duty shall be

deemed a Com-

position, See.

So much of

26 Geo. 3. c. 64.

and 28 Geo. 3.

c. 46. as grants

Rewards to

Excise Officers

seizing Stills,

and Persons dif-

covcring Stills

