A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 44.

757

CAP. XLIV. -

An Act to enable his Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

’ intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of

Great Britain called Scotland —[10th May 1798.]

An An

Scotland,

powered

37 Geo. 3. c. xo$,

Q # Q " / 1/ f ~ / --- 9

46 An to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland,

his Majesty, notwithstanding no Accounts or States of Persons liable to serve as Militia Men had been

4 transmitted for certain of the Counties, Stevvartries, Cities, and Places in Scotland, is empowered, from

the Lifts, States, and Accounts, which had been transmitted to his Majesty’s Privy Council, previously

to apportion and divide over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which such Lifts,

4 States, and Accounts, had been transmitted, the Number of Militia Men to serve for each such County,

4 Stewartry, City, or Place: And whereas his Majesty has been pleased, by his Order in Council, to ap-

4 portion and divide a certain Number of Men amongst the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities,

and Places, in Scotland, which have made such Returns as aforesaid: And whereas Doubts have

4 arisen whether, by the said several Acts, his Majesty is empowered to embody and call out Part of the

4 Men so to be ballotted, without calling out the Whole; and in case his Majesty should think fit so to do,

1 in what Manner the Men so to be called out can be selected :* May it therefore please your Majesty that

it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

c. 12. of tlljf

Session recited.

- / — 9 J C7 9 9 9 9 — ---

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, from

Time to Time, to order and direct: any Part of the Men, by the said Acts directed to be apportioned and

divided amongst the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, to be embodied and called

out, as his Majesty shall think fit, and for that Purpose either to direct the Whole of the Men ballotted for

any particular County, Stewartry, City, or Place, with their Officers, or any Proportion of such Men,

with a«y particular Number or Description of their Officers, or any Proportion of Men in each County,

Stewartry, City, or Place, with any Proportion or Description of Officers serving for such County, Stew-

artry, City, or Place, as his Majesty shall judg* proper tQ be so embodied and called out, and to put such

Men as his Majesty shall think proper from Time to Time to cause to be embodied and called out as

aforesaid, under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to

diieft such Forces to be led by their respective Officers into such Parts of the Kingdom, and for such Pur-

poses as by the first-mentioned Act his Majesty is authorized to direct, with respect to the Whole of the

Men thereby directed to be ballotted; and generally to do, and to order and direct to be done, all Matters

and Things touching such Parts of the said Men as his Majesty shall, from l ime to l ime, think proper

to embody and call out in pursuance of this Act, in like Manner as his Majesty is, by the said first-men-

tioned Act, empowered to do with respect to the Whole of the said six thousand Men j any Thing in the

said first-recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think proper to direct any Proportion of Men

ballotted to serve for any County, Stiwartry, City, or Place, to be embodied and called out as aforesaid,

the Lieutenant for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together with two or more of the Deputy

Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Ab/ence of the Lieutenant, any three or more of the

Deputy Lieutenants, shall appoint what Numbers of such Men so directed to be embodied and called out,

shall be taken from the Men ballotted to serve for each of the several Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions

of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and shall appoint Subdivision Meetings to be holden for the

Purpose of ballotting for such Numbers of Men to be embodied and called out for each of such Districfs,

Parishes, or other Divisions, at which Subdivision Meetings respectively the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices

of the Peace, and Schoolmaster, attending, shall proceed to ballot for the Number of Men appointed to

be embodied and called out for each District, Parish, or other Division as aforesaid, by the fame Methods,

Rules, and Regulations, and in like. Manner as the original Ballot for Men to serve for such Districts,

Parishes, or other Divisions respectively, is directed to be made by the said several Acts, or either of them ;

and the Names of all the Men so ballotted for the Purpose of being embodied and called out as aforesaid,

shall be marked on the Lift of the Men ballotted to serve for such Districts, Parishes, or other Divisions

respectively, and when the Ballot shall be concluded, the Lift of the Men so ballotted for the Purpose of

being embodied and called out, shall be publicly read, and the Names of all the Men so chosen by Ballot

for the Purpose of being embodied and called out as aforesaid, shall be returned to the Clerk of the

General Meeting of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which such Men shall be ballotted as

6 aforesaid.

His Majesty, by

Order in Coun-

ciJ, may order

any Part of thi

Men directed by

the recited A&t

to be appor-

tioned amongthe

Counties, &c. to

be embodied,

and put under

the Command of

ConeraJO&cers.

When his Ma-

jesty shall order

any Proportion

of Men to be

embodied, the

County Lieute-

nant, Arc. to ap-

point what

Numbers shall

be taken from

the Men bal-

lotted for each

Distrifl, and ap-

point Subdivi-

sien Meetings

for ballotting for

them, Arc.

Names of Men

so ballotted,to be

marked on Lifts,

fee. and the Men

to be embodied.

