ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

C.87.

871

Ttftator’s De-

cease, rhe Ext*,

cutor to whom

Prohate is

granted, shall

not rtfide

within t!>e Tu-

ona 5s. Stamp.

The Party ap-

plying :o make

the following

Adminlstration

to he granted in

the following

Form.

of the Will shall have been granted, are or is then residing out of the Jurisdiction of his Mujedy’s Courts of

Law and Equity, it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Court which hath granted Probate of fuc.i Will,

upon the Application of any Creditor, next of Kin, or Legatee, grounded on the Affidavit hereinafter

mentioned, to grant such Special Administration as hereinafter is also mentioned; which Administration

shall be written or printed upon Paper or Parchment damped only with one five Shilling Stamp, and shall

pay no further or other Duty to his Majedv, his Heirs or Successors.

rifdiftion of his Majesty’sCourts, a Creditor, 8cC. may obtain Special Administration

IT. And be it further enacted, That the Party applying to the Spiritual Court to grant such Admi-

nidration as aforesaid, shall make an Affidavit in the following Words, or to the’ Purport and Effect fol-

lowing :

t A. B. of ‘ do swear, That there is due and owing to me, upon Bond or Simple Affidavit.

A Contract, or upon Account unsettled, as the Cafe may happen to be, (in which latter Cafe he (lull

swear to the bed of his Belief only,) from the Edate and Effedtsof deceased, the Sum of

and that C. D , the only Executor capable of acting, and to whom Probate hath been granted,

hath departed this Kincdom, and is now out of the Jurisdiction of his Majesty’s Courts of Law and

Equity, and that this Deponent isdefirous of exhibiting a Bill in Equity in his Majesty’s Court of

for the Purpose of being paid his Demand out of the Assets of the said Fedator.’

■

III. And be it further enacted, That the Administration to be granted pursuant to this Act shall be in

the Form hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

• by Divine Providence, Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolis

4 tan, to our well-beloved in Christ Greeting: Whereas it hath been alledged before the

4 Worshipful D odor of Laws, Surrogate of . Doctor of Laws, Mader

• Keeper, or Commissary of our Prerogative Court of Canterbury, lawfully condituted by you the said

4 That did, whild living, and of found Mind, Memory, and Underdanding,

4 make and duly execute his lad Will and Tedament in Writing, and did therefore nominate, conditute,

4 and appoint, his Executors, (or, foie Executor,) who in the Month of proved

4 the said Will by the Authority of our said Court, and now reiide (or, resides) out of this Kingdom, and

4 out of the Jurisdiction of his Majesty’s Courts of Law and Equity (as in and by an Affidavit duly made

4 and (worn toby and brought into and left in the Regidryof our said Court, Reference

4 being thereunto had will more fully and at large appear): And whereas the Surrogate aforesaid, having

4 duly considered the Premises, did, at the Petition of the said decree Letters of Admini-

4 dration of all and singular the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of the said deceased, to be com-

4 mitted and granted to you the said named by or on the Behalf of the said a Creditor,

4 (Legatee) or (one of the next Kin) of the said Deceased, (as the Cafe may be,) limited for the Purpose, to

4 become and be made a Party to a Bill or Bills to be exhibited against you in any of his Majesty’s Courts

4 of Equity, and to carry the Decree or Decrees of any of the said Court or Courts into Effect, but nofur-

4 ther or otherwise (Justice so requiring): And we being desirous that the said Goods, Chattels, and Cre-

4 dies may be well and faithfully administered, applied, and disposed of, according to Law, do therefore, by

4 these Presents, grant full Power and Authority to you, in whose Fidelity we confide, to adminider, and

4 faithfully disposeof the said Goods, Chattels, and Credits, according to the Tenor and Eded of the fard

4 Will, limited as aforesaid, so far as such Goods, Chattels* and Credits of the Deceased will thereto ex-

4 tend, and the Law requires, you having been already sworn, well and faithfully to adminider the fame,

4 and to make a true and perfect Inventory of all and singular the said Goods, Chattels, and Credits, so far

4 as the fame may come to your Hands, and to exhibit the fame into the Regidry of our said Prerogative

4 Court of Canterbury, on or before the next ensuing, and also to render a jud and true Account

4 thereof: And we do by these Presents ordain and conditute you Administrator of all and singular

4 the Goods, Chattels, and Credits, of the said Deceased, limited as aforesaid, but no further, or

4 otherwise- ..

4 Given at London, the Day of in the 1 ear of our Lord and in the

4 Year of our Translation.’

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Equity in which such. Suit shall be

depending, to appoint (if it shall be needful) any Persons or Person to collect in any outdanding Debts or

Ededs due to such Edate, and to give Discharges for the fame, such Persons or Person giving Security in

the usual Manner, duly to account for the fame.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Accountant General of the High Court of

Chancery, or for the Secretary, or Deputy Secretary, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Engr

land, to transfer, and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to suffer a Transfer to be

made of Sny Stock belonging to the Edate of such deceased Person, into the Name of the Accountant Ge-

neral, inTrud, for such Purposes as the Court shall direct, in any Suit in which the Person to whom such

Administration hath been granted, shall be, or may have been, a Party : Provided nevertheless, that if the

Executors or Executor capable of acting as such, shall return to and reiide within the Jurisdiction of any of

the

Court of Equity

may appoint

Person* to col-

left outftanding

Debt*.

Stock belonging

to the Estate of

the Deceased,

may be trans-

ferred into th«

Name of the

Accountant

General in

Chancery, in

