la:

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.. C. 6.

f 4 t ' Jt i I

XLIV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to cause the Men enrolled by

virtue of this Act, to be drawn out and embodied at such Times, and in such Manner, and under the like

Regulations and Restrictions, as the Augmentation to the Militia Forces to be raised by virtue of any Act

to be passed in this Session of Parliament, may be drawn out and embodied; and it shall be lawful for his

Majesty to form the Men enrolled for any County, Riding, or Place, when so drawn out and embodied,

into a Regiment, or into Battalions or Troops, as shall seem most expedient; and for the Lieutenant, or

General Meeting of Lieutenancy, in such County, Riding, or Place, to be holden as herein is directed, with

the Approbation of his Majesty, at any Time after the parting of this Act, to appoint Officers and Non-

commissioned Officers to the Command of such Regiment, Battalions, or Troops, under the like Rules and

Regulations as arc established with respect to the Cavalry of his Majesty’s Forces, such Officers being rc-

fj>edtively qualified in the Manner required by the Laws relating to the Militia; and in case, when the Men

so enrolled shall be embodied, a sufficient Number of Officers so qualified shall not have been appointed, or

cannot be found to accept Commissions in such Regiments, Battalions, or Troops, it shall be lawful for the

Lieutenant, or General Meeting of Lieutenancy aforesaid, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to ap-

477

His Maj Ajr

may cause thr*

Men enrolled to

be drawn out

and

point for that Service such a Number of the Officers in the Army, whether on Full or on Half Pay, or of

Persons who have had Commissions in any of his Majesty’s Forces, or in the Militia, and have retired there-

from, although not duly qualified as aforesaid.

certain Cafes, Officers in the Army, or such as have retired from

as the Aug-

mentation to the

Militia Forces.

Lieutenants,

Sec. w.th his

Majesty'* Ap-

probation, may

appoint Officer*

and Non-com*

missioned Of-

ficers, the for-

mer being qua-

lified as in the

Militia j or in

it, or the Militia.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole or any Part of the Men cn-

rolled by virtue of this Act, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain. dcrta cut of Great Britain"

When drawn

out and embo-

died, the Of-

ficers and Men

to receive the

fame Pay as in

other Regiments

ficers and Pri-

vates entitled to

Chelsea Hospi*

tal.

Allowance to be

made for Mares,

fee. dying, Sec.in

actual Service.

When the Men

are drawn out

into actual Ser-

vice, the Mutiny

Act shall ex-

tend to them.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of his Majesty’s Warrant for drawing out and

embodying the Forces to be raised by virtue of this Act, the Officers and Private Men shall be entitled to

the fame Pay as the Officers and Private Men of his Majesty’s other Regiments of Cavalry teceive, and no

other’; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop,

shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Che/fea Hospital

with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his Majesty’s other Forces; and if

any Mare or Gelding shall die or be maimed or wounded in actual Service, the Proprietor thereof shall have

a reasonable Allowance for the fame, by the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Bat* niilfionc J Of-

talion, or Company, where such Mare or Gelding had or then served, to be directed to the Deputy Lieute-

nants of the Sub-division where such Mare or Gelding was provided, which the said Commanding Officer

is hereby empowered and required to grant, and which Allowance shall not in any Cafe exceed the Sum of

twenty-five Pounds, and which shall be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, out

of any Monies irr his Hands arising by virtue of this Act, or of the said Duties on Horses, or of any other

Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Taxes, in the Manner herein directed in respect

to other Payments to be made by such Receivers General.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Warrant for draw-

ing out the Men, enrolled by virtue of this Act, into actual Service, all the Rules, Regulations, Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny

and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and its Quarters, or which shall be established by

any Act to be passed in this or any future Session of Parliament for the like Purpose, during the Con-

tinuance of this Act, shall extend and be applied, and be construed to extend and be applied, to the Men

enrolled by virtue of this Act; as fully and amply as to any other of his Majesty’s Forces.

XLV III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act

may, at any Time before he shall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, enlist himself in any Regiment

or his Majesty’s Regular Forces; but that no such Enlistment shall be valid without the Consent of the

Deputy Lieutenants of the Sub-division where such Person shall be enrolled, or any two of them, in Writ-

ing under their Hands and Seals; in which Cafe another Person shall be provided in the Room of the Per-

son so eniifted, according to the Directions of this Act. Lieutenants; and other* to be provided.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy,

the Clerks of the respective Sub divisions of Lieutenancy, of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, Con-

fiablcs, and other Officers who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act, in any of the Parti-

culars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the fame to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieu-

tenants assembled at their respective Sub-division Meetings, shall have and receive such Rewards, and no

other, for their Care and Trouble in and about the executing of this Act, and for their respective Expences

and Charges in the fame, as the said Deputy Lieutenants shall judge the said Clerks, Officers, and other

Persons to have deserved; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, after Allowance thereof, direct the fame

to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, out of any Money in his" Hands, of

the Assessments levied by virtue of this Act, whether the lame shall have been levied as Fines, or for the ’

Expences in providing a Military Force; and if such Receiver General shall not have sufficient Money in ,

his Hands of the said Assessments to pay the fame, then such Receiver General may pay the fame out of any

Monies in his Hands of the said Duties on Horses, or any other Duties under the Management of the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: Provided always, that all Monies of the said Duties unJer the

Management of the said Commissioners, which any Receiver General shall pay in pursuance of this Act,

K 6 shall.

Persons enrolled

before drawn

out miy enlist.

in the regular.

Forces; with

the Content of

two> Deputy

Clerks of the

General Meet-

ings, Sec. to be

rewarded, as the

Deputy Lieute-

nants lhallthtnk

proper, by the.

Receiver Gene*

rah

Receiver Cent-

ral to be rc-nn-

