72

1 f the Owners be

not willing to

accept ilie Com.

peiifation, two

justices may set-

tle it, &c.

The Officers of

the Stannaries to

procure Returns,

and*other Mat-

ters to be done

touching the

Tinners in De-

von and Corn-

wall.

The Lieutenan-

cy, Lord Mayor,

Sec. of London,

the Constable of

the Tower, Sec.

the Warden of

the Cinque

Ports, Sec. to

have the like

Power in Execu-

tien of this Art,

as they have re-

fpcfling the Mi-

litia.

Form of Convic-

tien in Schedule,

may be used

with the necef-

fary Variations.

Acceptance of

Commissionsnot

to vacate Scats

in Parliament.

Clerks of the

Meetings, and

other Officers, to

receive Compen-

f*tu?n.

Penalty for dif-

obeying Orders,

or < httairting

t.ie Execution of

titis Art j from

5 1. :o roo I. or

lmjuifomrcnt

not exceeding

thr-c Months.

Vo Order cr

Convirtion ,to be

/emoved out of

C. 27. Anno tricesimo ortavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, in pursuance of a Certificate under

the Hands of the Persons so employed to ascertain the fame; and if the Owner or Owners, or Person or

Persons interested, shall not be willing to accept such Compensation, it shall be lawful for his Majesty

to order two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, to settle and ascertain

the Compensation which ought to be made to such Owner or Owners, or Persons interested; which

Justices shall settle and ascertain the fame accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof to the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, who shall order the fame to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled

thereto, out of any Money granted for the Supply of the Year.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries, and all other Officers of the

Stannaries, shall, respectively, in obedience to his Majesty’s Orders, to be issued for that Purpose, procure

like Returns to be made, and all other Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon

and Cornwall\ according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the Working Tinners, as are

hereby required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons

residing in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall\ not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges; and such

Warden and other Officers of the Stannaries shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do

and execute all and every the Matters and Things, which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as

the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and

Places aforesaid, have for doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them re-

spe£fively. *2*1

XIII. And be it further ena£led, That his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of

London, the Lord Mayor of the said City, and the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the

several Wards of the said City and Liberties thereof, and the Constables, Beadles, and other Ward Officers

of the fame, the Constable of the Tower of London, Lieutenants of the Tower Hamlets, and the Deputy

Lieutenants of the said Hamlets, and their several Officers, the Justices of the Peace for the Tower Li-

berties, the Constables and other Peace Officers within the same, the Warden of the Cinque Ports two

ancient Towns and their Members, his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, and his or their Officers, and the

Mayors, Jurats, Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other Peace Officers for the Liberties of the

Cinque Ports two ancient Towns and their Members, and all other Justices of the Peace, Constables, and

other Peace Officers, within their respective Districts, and all other Persons having Authority within the

fame, shall put in Execution all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in this Act, in like Man-

ner as they are respectively authorized to put in Execution the several Laws respecting the Militia Forces

of this Kingdom, or any of them, within their respective Districts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Form of Conyi£Iion by one of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace, in pursuance of this A&, set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereto annexed, may be used, with

such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt the fame to the particular Exigencies of

the Cafe; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for Want of Form, in any such

Conviction by any Person or Persons whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission, under the Authority of this

Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings

of Lieutenancy, Constables, and other Officers, required to execute this Act, and who shall respectively

execute the fame to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their respettive Subdivision

Meetings, shall have and receive such Compensation for their Care, Trouble, and Expences, in and about

the executing of this Act, as the said Deputy Lieutenants shall judge them respetively to have deserved for

the fame; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall direct such Compensation to be paid by the Receiver

General of the County, Riding, or Place in England, or Receiver General of Scotland, as the Cafe shall

require, out of any Money in his Hands, and such Receiver General shall pay the fame accordingly, in

case such Order as shall be made by such Deputy Lieutenants at such Subdivision Meetings shall be con-

firmed at a General Meeting, but not otherwise. I if ‘H

XVil. And be it further enacted, 7'hat in case any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other

inferior Officer, or other Person, shall disobey any Orders which shall be ifluea in pursuance of this Act,

or shall obstruct or hinder the Execution thereof, every such Person, upon Conviction of such Offence

before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence

shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than five Pounds, and not exceeding one hundred

Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice, to be levied by Distress and Sale in the Manner herein-before

directed with respect to the Penalty herein-before imposed; and for Want of sufficient Distress, then such

Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or

Place, where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months, and the Monies

arising by such Penalty shall be paid to the Treasurerof the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place*

where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied as Part of the Stock of such County, Riding, Stew-

artry, City, or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act, by

any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed, by Certiorari, Advoca-

7 tien.

