(Public General,) 38 GEO. III.

the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An AS1 to continue and amend an Atl, made in the

twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Alajefly, in-

UtuUd, 4 An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the

4 British Fiftoeries

59. An Act to revive and continue, until the fird Day of

January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an

Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His

present MajMly, Chapter Forty-two, videlicet, on the

thirteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-four, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation

of Light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Coun-

tries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to refrain the

Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; and to suspend the

Coining of Silver.

60. An Act for makingperpetual, 1ubje£t to Redemption and

Purchase in the Manner therein dated, the several Sums

of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Fax

for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

61. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of

Parliament, and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One

hundred and six, videlicet, on the eighteenth Day of May

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for regulating

the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the

Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

62. An Act to empower Magistrates and* Justices of the

Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allow-

alice on account of the additional Duty on Salt.

63. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade

and Manufactures of The Ifie of Alan; for improving the

Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of

Smuggling to and from the said Island.

64. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia in that Part* of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of

Afarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

65. An AdP for preventing the Depaduring of Forests,

Commons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs in-

fedied with the Scab or Mange, in- that Part of Great

Britain called England.

66. An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and

10 an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of Inch

Parts of His iyiilitia P'orces in this Kingdom as may vo-

luntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

67. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Bale Coin to His

Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies and America.

OS. An Act for regulating the Payment, until two Months

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament

after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cin

namon. Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mac.e, and for granting

to Hi? Majesty additional Duties thereon.

69- An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured

at a. Standard lower than is now allowed by Law.

-o* An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes to

Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

71. An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models

and Cads of Buds, and other Things therein mentioned.

-2. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-

vernors, and Persons acting as such, in the IVft I India

Mauds, who have permitted the Importation and Export-

ation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

73. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to predent Abuses and

Frauds in the Packing, JVeight, and Sale of Butter j and

to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

\ 74. An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of

Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom,

during the present VVar.

75; An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

76. An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this

Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of

Cudoms on Goods imported and exported, and on the

Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards

to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Prelimi-

nary Articles of Peace.

77. An Act to amend an Act of the present Session of Par-

liament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the first Day

of Augud one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of

the then next Scjfoti of Parliament, and amend an Ail made

in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Alajefly

intituled, 4 An Act for establishing Regulations respecting

4 Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in

4 certain Cafes.y.

78. An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the

printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like

Nature, by Persons not known: and for regulating the

Printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects.

79. An Act more effectually to prevent, during the War,.

Persons, being His Majesty’s Subjects, from voluntarily

repairing to or-remaining in France, or any Country or

Place united to France,. or occupied by the Armies of

France; and to prevent Correspondence with such Per-

fons, and with His Majesty’s Enemies.

80; An Act to explain and amend an Act of the present

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the

Duties upon Male, Servants, Carriages, Horjes, AluleSy.

. and Dogs\ and for granting to His Alajefly other Duties in'

lieu thereof:

81. An Act for the better Execution of an Act of the present

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to

His Alajefly an Aid and Contribution far the Prcfecution of

the War. -

8z. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money-, by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand.seven hundred and ninety-eight. *'

83. An Act to authorize Exchequer Bills to be iflbed on the

Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this pre-

sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising

the Sum of Seventeen Millions by way of Annuities.

84. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His*

Majesty’s Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a li-

mited Amount, on the Credit of such-Monies as shall

arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an»

Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War;

and also on such Rates and Duties as may,be granted by

any Act of this Session for the better. Protection of the

Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and addi-

tional Duties of Cudoms on Goods imported and ex-

ported, and on the Tonnagp of Ships entering Outwards.

or Inwaids.

85. An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts re-

lating to the.Stamp Duties; and for extending the Rates

, and.

