A.D. I79- Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. 1 C. 16.

be allowed by the Assistant Commissioners, the said Assistant Commissioners shall make out their

Certificates to the respective Commissioners for executing this A&, dating therein the Limit of the

annual Income of'every such Appellant, as declared by him or her, and the said Commissioners for

executing this A& shall in such Cafe cause the Assessrnent to be amended as the Cafe shall require;

and in all Appeals heard before the Commissioners for executing this Act, in case any Claim shall be

allowed, they shall also cause the Assessrnent to be amended in like Manner: Provided always, that

the said respective Commissioneis, or any of them, shall not upon any Account allow any Exemption,

or make Abatement in the Charge made upon any Person by any such Assessrnent as aforesaid, but the

fame shall stand good, unless the Appellant shall verify the Contents of every such Declaration upon

Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, on solemn Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation

any three or more of the said Assistant Commissioners, or any two or more of the said Commissioners

for executing this Act, are hereby respectively authorized arid required to administer.

LX V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person shall be prevented from

attending in Person to make his or her Appeal from any Assessrnent in the Manner before directed, it

shall be lawful for such Person to appeal by his or her Attorney or Agent, and to transmit his or her

Declaration, signed by such Appellant, and attested in the Manner and in the Form herein directed,

to the respective Commissioners before whom such Appeal shall be depending, which Declaration so to

be (ranfmitttd, being verified on the Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) on the solemn

Affirmation of the Appellant, shall be as effectuabas if such Appellant had appeared in Person; and

which Oath or solemn Affirmation any two Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place, or any two Commissioners for executing this Adf, of the Division where such

Appeal shall be depending, are hereby empowered to administer, and are also hereby required to certify

the fame, at the Foot of such Declaration, by Writing under their respective.Hands.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person shall be prevented by

Infancy, Sickness, or other Incapacity, or by Absence out of the Kingdom, from making any such

Declaration, or from verifying the fame as aforesaid, or if any Body Corporate or Politic shall be

charged to any of the said additional Rates or Duties, it shall be lawful for the Guardian, Tutor,

Curator, or Committee, or the Steward or Agent of such Persons respectively, or Body Corporate or

Politic, to appeal on the Behalf of such incapacitated Person, or of such Body Corporate or Politic,

and to make such Declaration as is required in such Cafe by this Adf, such Guardian, Tutor, Curator,

Committee, Steward, or Agent, having first made the Affidavit set forth in the Schedule hereunto

annexed before two Justices of the Peace, or two Commissioners for executing this Act, (in which

Cafe the Justices or Commissioners shall certify the fame at the Foot of such Declaration as aforesaid,)

or before the Commissioners before whom the said Appeal shall be depending, and which Affidavit the

said Justices or Commissioners respectively as aforesaid are hereby empowered to take, and they

respectively shall cause the fame to be signed by the Party making the Affidavit, and annexed to the

Declaration respecting which such Affidavit shall be made; and every such Appeal shall be as effectual

as if such Appellant had appeared in Person.

LXVII. I rrovided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be prevented by any

sufficient Cause, from appealing within the Time limited by this A&, it shall be lawful for the Com-

missioners for executing this Act, or the Assistant Commissioners of the proj^er Division, Parish, or

Place, and on Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners reflectively of the Cause of such

Omission, to receive the Appeal of any Person so circumstanced, within a reasonable Time to be

allowed by the said respective Commissioners, after such Person shall have had Notice of the Assessrnent

or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, and the Disability arising from any such Cause as aforesaid

(nail have been removed, and the respective Commissioners may.proceed in such Appeal by and under

the like Rules and Directions as are hereby prescribed in other Cafes of Appeal; and that any Abate-

ment of the said additional Rate or Duty assessed on such Appellant, which may be made on such

Appeal, shall commence from and after the Time appointed for Payment of the Instalment of the said

additional Rates or Duties next before the Time of making such Appeal.

TXV1IL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one

thousand seven bundled and ninety-nine, it {ball be lawful for the respective Commissioners aforesaid

to receive the Appeal of any Person, on Account of Income, against an Assessrnent made by virtue of

this Act, (whether such Assessrnent shall have been made in that Year, or in any preceding Year,

and whether such Person shall have appealed from the same or not, or the Income of the Person assessed

shall have been dim»nished fmee the making the Assessrnent or not.) so that such Appeal shall be made

between the fifth 2nd the twentieth Days of April in any Year, during the Continuance of this Act, and

to proceed therein by and under the like Rules and Directions as are hereby prescribed in other Cafes

of such Appeals; and that any Abatement of the said additional Rate or Duty assessed on such Appel-

lant, which may be made on such Appeal, shall be allowed according to the Rules hereinbefore pre-

scribed in such Cafes of Appeal.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further en3&ed, That all such last-mentioned Appeals against any

such Assessrnent as aforesaid, shall be entered with the respective Commissioners, or the Clerk to the

respective Commissioners for executing this Act, within fifteen Days after such Assessrnent shall be

signed and allowed; and the fame (bail be heard and determined ten Day* at lead before the Day

, 1 appointed

701

AflifUnt Commissioners to give

Certificates cf Claims allowed

to the Comm'fliontrs, who shall

amend AfTUTments.

No Claim to he allowed unless

verified on Oath or Affirmation.

Persons prevented from attend-

ing may appeal by their Attor-

nies or A genu.

Guardians, Sec. may make the

Declaration for Infants, Bodies

Corporate, Scc. having first made

the Affidavit in the annexed

Schedule.

IV.

W

Appeals of Persons prevented

from appealing within the Time

limited, may be received within

a Time to be allowed by the

Comcuftioner*.

From April 5, 1799* the Com*

missioners may receive any Ap.

peals re speliing Income, made

between the 5th and xoth April

in any Year.

S 64.

Such Appeals to he entered

within 15 Days after the A/ZtfP-

ment is flgned; and heard 10

Days before the first Instahmnt

is due.

