xxxii The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37GW.HI.

Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint 1

Dunstan s Cross near the City of Canterbury, in the County

of Kent, and for amending and widening the Road from

the Turnpikc Road at or near a Place called Makenade

Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and I

Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the j

said County. I

156. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading

from the Town and Port of Dover, through the Town

and Borough of Deal, to a certain Place in the Parish of

Sholden, called Foulmead Field; and for making a new

Road through Part of the said Field, and Hacklinge Brooks,

and Part of a certain other Field, called Word Field, to or

near to a Messuage or Farm House called Upton Farm, in

the Parish of IVorth otherwise JVord\ and for repairing j

and widening the Road from thence to the Town and

Port of Sandwich.

157. An Act for amending, altering, widening, improving,

and keeping in Repair, the Road from the present Turn-

pike Road at Hulmes Chape!', in the County Palatine of

Chester, leading from Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the

South Bridge in Chelford, in the said County, near to

Chelford Chapel.

158. An Act to continue the Term and alter and elarge the

Powers of an Act of the eleventh Year of His present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, for more effectually repairing and amending

the Roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, Ashton, and War-

rington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

159. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three

several Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty, and in the hilt and eighteenth Years of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as

the fame relate to the Road from Wake field to Sheffield.

160. An Act for enlarging.the Term and Powers < f an Act,

made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York, so far as the

fame relate to the Road from Pcni/lone to Sheffield.

16r. An Act for enlarging the 'Term and Powers of so much

of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of His present

Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road from the 'Toll

House in Paifey Lone at the Weft Side of the Entry to

- the New Bridge of GInflow, by or near Park-house, to

the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew.

162. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

Acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and

thirtieth Years of His late Majesty’s Reign, and in the

twenty-ninth and thirty-second Years of His present

Majesty’s Reign, for making and repairing the Roads

from Gorbals of Glasgow to Floakbridge arid Eajhr Grange

in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said

County , and for making and repairing certain other

Roads in the said County branching from or connected

with the Roads mentioned in the said Acts.

163. An Act for more effectually amending, improving,

and keeping in Repair the Road from the iVeft Cowgate,

near the Town of Ntwcaflle upon Tyne, through the Weft

End of Kenton, Ponteland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge,

Bclfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of

the River IFanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland,

and also the Road leading from the said Road to the Ale-

mouth Turnpike Road.

164. An Act for amending and rendering more cfftdtual so

much of two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-

third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making

and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as

relates to the Road from Perth to Crieff, and the Branches

thereof.

and improving the

to Kirkby Lonf-

aate, in the bounty or

166. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the

Term ajid Powers of tin Act made in the thirty-fourth

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and re-

pairing certain Roads, in the Counties of CLackmanan and

Perth.

167. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping

in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Aforton's

' Corner, in the T own of I Wellingborough, in the County of

Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the

Town oi Northampton.

168. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His

nrefent Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads

leading to and from the City of Lincoln \ and for repair-

ing and widening the Roads fronrthc Termination of the

TX % ft I f ft

present 1 urnpike Roa

over the said Bricce. 1

t en iciyc linage^

County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and

from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at

the Foot of Canwick Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at

the Top of the said Hill.

169. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the Road from

the Second, for repairing and widenin

~ ‘ ' Y,tl I

r,

nptt

Parish of iVinterflow, in the County of I Flits; and ot

the becona, ror repairing and widening

Bajingjloke, through JVortin, Overton, JVt

born Prvors. Andover. and ATuldlc JVallot

of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the

another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign ot

His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers

of the said Act, for including the Road from Spittle House

over JVeyhill to Adullen s Pond, as directed by an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of His said Majesty King

George the Second, and for amending the Roads from

Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from

Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from IVeyhill to Sarfon

Street j and also the Road through the said Town of

Basingfloke; and also for amending, widening, and keep-

ing in Repair, certain other Roads in the County of

Southampton. . ;» f

170. An Act for rrnore effectually repairing, improving, and

keeping in Repair, rhe Road leading from the Guide Post,

in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford,

through Kidlington, to the End of The Mileway, in the

City of Oxford.

171. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Kin-

ross in the County of Kinross, to Alloa in the County of

Clackmanan.

172. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improv-

/ ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Atcham,

through Condover to Dorringtan; and also the Roa<J

branching out of the said Road, at a Place called Allfield

Turning, in the said Parish of Condover, to the Turnpike

Road leading from Shreufbury to Ludlow, at a Place

called

