A.D. 1796. > Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 90.

rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners,

Clerks, and other Officers, from Time to Time appointed and employed in the Receipt, Management,

and Government of the said Duties on Salt, shall be assessed upon the said Act for their Salaries and other

Profits of their Places in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the City and Liberty of IVeJhninJltr

aforesaid, where the Salaries and other Profits of the said Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers, in the

said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were assessed, and pot elsewhere, so as the full Pro-

portion which was assessed on the said Division of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty afore-

said, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be again assessed thereon by virtue of

the said Act, and so as any other Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office has been or

may be removed, be not charged with a greater Proportion, in respect of the said Salaries and Profits, than

it was in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight j any Thing herein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding. . -

II. Provided always, That out of the Sum to be assessed on the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Ma-

nagement, and Government of the said Duties on Salt, their Clerks, and other Officers, there shall be paid

to the Collectors of the Land Tax for the Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office is

or may be removed, one Moiety thereof; and also the Whole of the Land Tax for all additional Com-

missioners, Clerks,5 and other additional Officers of the said Duties on Salt, which shall or may be hereafter

appointed and employed in the said Receipt, Management, or Government, to be applied in Aid of the Af-

feflment to be laid upon the said Division, District, Parish, or Place, by virtue of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and

taken to be a Public Act, and (hull be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the

several Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of 'England.— [14th May 1756.J

WHEREAS by the Laws in being relative to the Transfers of Stocks and Annuities transferrable at

the Bank of England, all such Transfers are required to be entered or registered; and such En-

4 tries are to be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and to be signed by the Parties making such'

4 Transfers, or (if such Party beabfent) by his, her, ortheir Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized; and

4 it is also declared, that no other Method of assigning or transferring such Stock and Annuities shall be

4 good or available in Law: And whereas the Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in

the said Stocks and Annuities have been and are put to great Inconveniencies by reason that the Trustees

and other Persons, according to the said Laws in being, alone qualified to make Transfers and to receive

the Dividends of such Stocks and Annuities veiled in them in Trust, have been and are absent out of the

4 Jurisdiction or not amenable tdthe Procefrof the High Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer ;

and other Cafes of like Inconvenience have arisen:* For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the passing of this Act, when and as often as it shall happen that all and every the Person or Perfoi sin whose

Name or Names any Part or Parts of the several Stocks and Annuities transferrable, or which hereafter shall

be made transferrable, at the Bank of England, is, are, or shall be (landing as a Trustee or Truflecs, or the

legal Personal Representative or Representatives of any such Person or Persons being deceased, shall be ab-

sent out of the Jurisdiction or not amenable to the Process of the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer,

or shall be a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Lunatic or Lunatics, or shall refuse to transfer the Stock or Annuities,

so legally vefledin him, her, or them, or to receive or pay over the Dividends of such Stock or Annuities

to the Person or Persons beneficially entitled thereto, or it shall be uncertain or unknown whether such

Truflce or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, is or are living or dead j that then and in all and

every such Cafe and Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts of Chancery and Exchequer

respectively, in any Cause depending in the said Courts respectively, to order and direct that the Ac-

countant General, or the Secretary or Deputy Secretary, for the Time being, of the Governor and

Company of the Bank of Englanddo transfer, in the Book or Books of the said Company, such

Stock or Annuities as aforesaid, either to and into the Name of the Accountant General of the said

Court of Chancery, or o( the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, in Trust in such

Cause, or otherwise, to and into the Name or Names of the Person or Persons equitably or beneficially en-

titled to such Stock or Annuities as the Cafes may respectively require, and as to the said Courts of Chan-

eery and Exchequer fbal), in their Discretion seem fit; and also to order and direct that the said Account-

ant General, Secretary or Deputy Secretary, for the l ime being, of the Governor and Company of the

IBank ol England, do also receive and pay over the Dividends of such Stock and Annuities as the said

Courts shall direct; and when and as often as it shall happen that one or more only, and not all or both of

such Trustees or Personal Representatives as aforesaid, shall be so absent or not amenable to such Process as

atorefcid, or a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Lunatic or Lunatics, or shall so refuse as aforesaid, or it be uncertain

or unknown whether any one or more of such Trustees or Representatives is or are living or dead, that then

and

379

Commissioners,

Sec. of the Salt

Office to he af-

sessed to the

Land Tax for

their Salaries,

See. in St.

Martin In the

Fields.

One Moiety of

the Afletfment,

Sec. to be paid

to the Collect-

ors of the Dif.

tridt to which

the Office is or.

may be re-

moved.

Public Act.

When Trustees*

in whose Name*

Slock shall be

(landing at the

Bank, shall be

absent, out of

the [ur-fJiftion

of the Chancery

and Exchequer,

or he Bank-

rupts, Sec. the

said Courts in

any Cause de-

pending there-

in, may order

the Stock to be

transferred* and

the Dividend*

paid; and when

all the Trustees

cannot be

found, may or*

rler the forth-

coming ones to

transfer Stock,

Sec.

