. A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo G eor gi i Ilf. C. 6.

no Person who shall upon his Enrolment have received any Money or other Consideration for his Service

from the Person or Persons for whom he shall serve, shall he entitled to his Discharge until the full Sum or

Value so received shall be repaid and satisfied: Provided also, that all Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, or

Materials whatever, shall be delivered up in good Condition before such Discharge shall be granted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That Musters of the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall be had

from Time to Time within each Subdivision of every County or Riding, at such Times, and at such Places,

as shall be fixed at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, with the Approbation of his Majesty ; of which

Times and Places Notice shall be given, by public Advertisement, in some Newspaper usually circulated in

the same County or Riding, fourteen Days before the Time of such Muster ; and if any Person enrolled by

• virtue of this Act shall wilfully absent himself froovfuch Muster by the Space of one Hour after the Time ap-

pointed for taking the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, to

be deduded out of the first Money which such Person shall be entitled to receive, whether as Allowance,

Pay, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act; and the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, with the

Consent of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision where such Person shall have been enrolled, may dif-

charge such Person, and direct another Person to be chosen in his Place.

XXXVJ. And be it further enacted. That the Deputy Lieutenants of every Subdivision of any County

or Riding, and the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or lndepcndant Company, or such

Officer or Officers as his Majesty shall have appointed for that Purpose, or any two or more of them, shall

muster die Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, within their respective Subdivisions, in such Manner as may

by Law be used in mustering the Militia Forces ; and all Fines imposed on any Person enrolled for any Ne-

gled of Duty in any Matter relating to such Muster, shall be ordered, adjudged, and imposed by the said

Deputy Lieutenants, Commanding Officer, or otlrer Officer or Officers aforesaid, or any two of them, who

are hereby empowered finally to determine the lame.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are directed to be inflicted

against Persons belonging to his Majesty’s Army, for causing themselves to be falsely mustered, or again#

Persons for procuring the fame to be done, or for aiding or affiiting them therein, by any Law now in Force,

or hereafter to be passed for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in respect of his Majesty’s Army, shall extend

to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, who shall be guilty of the like Offence or Offences, their

Procurers, Aiders, and Abettors respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Coun-

ties, Ridings, and Places in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall cause to be prepared an Estimate of the

Allowance to be made for providing a Man to attend the General Musters, and of Cloathing such Man ac-

cording to toe Directions of this Act, and what ought reasonably to be allowed to the Persons providing such

Mares or Geldings for the said Service, for any extra Expences to be incurred in providing Furniture,

maintaining and keeping such Mares or Geldings, For the Space of one Year, which such Persons would not

be subject to if such Mares or Geldings were not provided for such Service, and shall settle and determine at

what Times such Allowances shall be made; and every Person who shall be appointed or chosen by Ballot

to provide any Man, or any Mares or Geldings, for the Purpose aforesaid, and who shall duly conform to

the Regulations of this Act, shall be entitled to receive the full Allowance so settled; and the Deputy Lieu-

tenants within their respective Divisions shall demand from the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or

Place, all such Sums of Money as shall become due in respect of the Men, and also the Mares and Geldings,

provided within such Division, for the Use of the Persons providing the fame respectively, to be paid to them

at such Times as shall be fixed and settled by the said General Meetings of Lieutenancy ; which Sums such

Receivers General are hereby required, from Time to Time* during the Continuance of this Act, until

the Men enrolled by virtue of this Act shall be called out and embodied by virtue of the Powers hereby given

to his Majesty, on Demand, to pay, on the.Production of the Certificate of the Conformity to the Regula-

tiens of this Act, signed by the Officer or Officers of Muster appointed by virtue of this Act, taking a pro-

per Receipt or Receipts for the fame, out of the Monies in his Hands of the Sums raised by virtue of this

Ad; and if he shall not have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the fame out of the Duties before-

mentioned, or any other Duties under the Management of the Comfriissioners for the Affairs of Faxes; and

all such Payments shall be allowed to such Receivers General in their Accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in any

County, Riding, or Place, shall, and he is hereby required to transmit a true Account of the Allowances to

be made to the icveral Persons before* mentioned, on account of their providing any Man or Men, or any

Mare or Gelding, or any Mares or Geldings, for the said Service, to the Commissioners of the Land Tax

for the same County, Riding, or Place, within their respective Divisions; which Accounts shall contain the

Names and Places of Residence of all such Persons who are charged to the said Duties in lefped of any

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, together with the Number thereof kept by them respectively within those Di-

visions, and also the Names and Places of Residence of Persons exempted from the Provisions of this Act ;

and shall also, from Time to l ime, transmit an Account of all Fines imposed on any Person or Persons by

virtue of this Act 5 and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Fines to be infer ted in the Assessments for

the then current Year, and the Persons so fined to be respectively charged therewith ; and shall also cause all

the Pci Ions, within their Divisions liable to provide Men, and Mares or Geldings, as aforesaid, for the said

Service, to be assessed in proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings by them respectively

3Q.2 kept.

475

such Stibstitute

repaying Money

received, See.

When Musters

shall be had.

Penalty for ab-

fenting fro.n

Muster.

Persons so ab-

fenting may be

discharg.d, and

others chosen.

Who shall muf-

ter the Men en-

rolled, and fine

them foe Ne-

gied.

The Penalties

for faife Musters

in the Army to

extend to this

a a.

Meetings of

Lieutenancy vs

prepare certain

Estimates.

Persons provid-

ing Men or

Mares, Sec. to he

entitled to a set-

tled Allowance.

Deputy Lieute-

nants to receive

the Money due

for Allowances

from the Re-

ceiver General,

See.

m

Clerk of Ge&«.

ral Meetings to

transmit an Ac-

count of Al-

lowances, Sc c.

and Fines, to

the Commis

ft oners of the

Land Tax for

the County,

who shall insert

the Fines in the

AfTcfTmenti,

and charge the

Persons liable

to provide Men

