*39 2

C. c'3.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

given for Lega-

cies due at

pairing this Act,

and for Legacies

becoming due

afterwards, on

which no Duty

is hereby im-

posed.

If Adminiflra.

tien be made

void, and any

Duty shall have

been improperly

paid, it shall be

repaid; but if

it ought to have

been paid, it

shall be fllOwed

in Accountwith

flie rightful

Persons swear.

ing falsely,

guilty of Per-

jury.

Penalty of 500I.

for altering Re-

ceipts. ‘

Persons forging

Stamps, Sec. to

suffer Death.

Receipts duly

damped, free

from all other

Duties.

Ptw.rs of for-

mer Acts re-

lating to

Stamps, to ex

tend to this

Act.

or any Share or Part of any Residue, of any Personal Estate, under any such Will or Tcftamentary Instru-

ment, or upon Inteftacy, and also all and every Person and Persons who shall become entitled to any Legacy,

or Residue, or Part of Residue, of any such Personal Estate, after the passing of this Act, upon which no

Duty is imposed by this Act, and upon which the Duties imposed by the said former Act remain in Force

and unrepealed, shall, upon Receipt or other Satisfaction or Discharge of any such Legacy, or Part of such

Legacy, or Residue or Part of such Residue, sign and give a Receipt or Discharge in Writing, duly

stamped as required by the said former Acts respectively; and the Person or Persons having or taking the Bur-

then of the Execution of any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of any Personal

Estate, shal I have the like Powers to require such Receiptor Discharge in Writing, and to retain the Duty

payable in respect thereof, and the Person and Persons paying, or otherwise satisfying or discharging, and

the Person or Persons receiving, or being otherwise satisfied for such Legacy, or Residue, or Part of Residue,

shall be in like Manner Debtors for the Duty imposed on such Receipt or Discharge in case cf Non-pay-

ment of such Duty, and to the like Penalties for enforcing due Payment thereof, ashy this Act are pro-

vided with respect to the Duties hereby imposed ow Legacies, and Residue of Personal Estate of Persons dying

after the passing of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Authority under or by colour of which any Person shall

haveadminiftcred the Estate or Effects of any Person deceased, or any Part thereof, shall be void, or be re-

pealed, or declared void, and such Person shall, before the Avoidance, Repeal, or Declaration of Avoidance,

have paid any Duty hereby imposed, or any Duty imposed by any of the said former Acts, which

shall not be allowed to such Person out of the Estate or Effects cf such deceased Person, by reason that

the fame Duty was not really due or payable, the Money paid for such Duty shall, on Proof thereof to

the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, be repaid to the Person or Persons who shall

have paid the fame, or his, her, or their Representatives, by the said Commissioners, out of any Monies

in their Hands arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, or the said former Acts; but in case such

Duty ought to have been paid by the rightful Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of

such deceased Person, then and in such Cafe the Payment of such Duty shall be valid and effectual, notwith-

standing such Avoidance, Repeal, or Declaration of Avoidance as aforesaid; and no such Person shall, by

reason of the Avoidance, Repeal, or Declaration of Avoidance of such Authority, be sued, molested, or

troubled for or in respect of such Payment; but all such Payments, in respect of the said Duty, shall be al-

lowed in Account with such rightful Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, and the

fame shall be deemed Payments in the due Courle of Administration, as fully and effectually as if such

Payments had been made by rightful Executors or Administrators; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the

contrary notwithstanding. t

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon any Oath or Affirmation be-

fore the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or Commissioners of Land Tax, or any Person or Personsau-

thorized by this Act to administer any such Oath or Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly swear,affirm,or

alledge any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of any oTthe

said Duties hereby imposed, or with Intent to charge any Person or Persons with any greater or other Duty

than such Person or Persons ought to be charged with, every such Person or Personsfo offending, and being

thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Pe-

nalties as by any Law now in being, any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is l’ubjedt and

liable to ’ *

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall alter any Word, Letter, Figure, or Num-

ber, in any Assessmentor Receipt to be made or given in pursuance of this Act, for any of the said Duties,

after the fame shall have been signed by the Officer appointed to sign the fame, according to the Directions

of this Act, or shall utter or publish as true any such altered Alledment or Receipt, with Intent to defraud

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, then and in such Cafe every Person

so altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,

or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or

used, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the lame upon any Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter, vend,

fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duty, with such counterfeit

Impression thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently ule any Stamp

directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors. of

the said Duty, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon,

and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or

any Part of any Legacy, or for any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate, which shall be duly

stamped as required by this Act, shall be free and discharged from all Stamp Duties imposed by the said re-

cited Acts, or by any other Act of Parliament upon Receipts or Discharges for Money; and that every such

Receipt or Discharge which shall be duly stamped as required by the said recited Acts, and upon which no

new Duty is imposed by this Act, shall be also free ana discharged from any Stamp Duty imposed by any

other Act upon Receipts or Discharges for Money.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisoes, Articles,

Clauses, Allowances, and all Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of

Parliament, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hereby altered, shall

hi

