7*9

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 24, 25

CAP. XXIV.

_

An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cafes.

j j [9th March 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported;

anda'J7 certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, a certain Duty was

imposed, after the Rate of eight Snillings for every Ounce Troy of Gold Plate, and after the Rate of

Sixpence for every Ounce 1'roy of Silver Plate, which should be imported or brought into Great Britain,

or which should be made or wrought, and which should or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in

Great Britain, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon: And whereas, by an Act made in the

thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, an additional Duty after the Rate of eight Shil-

lings was imposed for every Ounce Troy of such Gold Plate, and an additional Duty after the Rate of

Sixpence was imposed for every Ounce Troy of such Silver Plate: And whereas it is deemed expedient,

that the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to Gold and Silver Plate used

or to be used as and for Watch Cafes, should be repealed :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted *, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Confeiu of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Afarr/? one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, the said recited Duties, so far as the fame relate to Gold and Silver Plate used

or to be used as and for Watch Cafes, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and

that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regu-

lations prescribed, by the said recited Acts, or either of them, in relation to the managing, securing, col-

lecting, recovering, and paying the said Duties, so far as the fame relate to Gold and Silver Plate used

or to be used as and for Watch Cafes, and all Penalties and Forfeitures wi respect thereof, shall also cease

and determine, save and except in all Cafes relative to the recovering of any Arrears which may at any

Time remain unpaid of the fame Dyties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture, which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, before the fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, export by way of Merchandize for any Foreign Parts, any

Gold or Silver Plate, wrought or manufactured into Watch Cafes in this Kingdom, and the fame shall ap-

pear to have been made as aforesaid, and marked according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts, and

the several Duties before mentioned shall have been paid thereon, and shall give sufficient Security before

« . 1 e T7* . _ . I . . t _ _ 1 _ r « m . t « *

Quantities of such Plate intended to be exported as

:>rb

________,_______ # ^ nought into Great Britain, and shall make Proof

upon Oath that the fame Gold or Silver Plate was actually made as aforesaid, and marked according to the

Regulations of the said recited Acts, such Securities to be taken, and such Oaths to be administered, in the

Manner directed by the said recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and

ibail also produce such Certificate, and shall authenticate the fame in the Manner and under the Regulations

directed by the said 1 aft-mentioned Act, then and in such Cafe such Exporter shall be entitled to a Debenture

from the Customer or Collector in the Manner also directed by the said last-mentioned Act, which being-

certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Receiver of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or

any Officer appointed by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties for that Purpose, upon the said Debenture

(b certified being produced to him, shall forthwith pay a Drawback or Allowance of the Whole of the Duties

paid on such Gold-or Silver Plate by virtue of the said recited Acts, out of any Monies in his or their Hands

of the Duties onPlate, which Payment shall be made without Fee or Reward-

CAP. XXV.

An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt

from Portugal\ in Neutral Ships.— [9th March 1798.}

4 TI WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-*

V V tituled. An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by other Acts

4 now in Force, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that no foreign Salt shall be imported into this King-

4 dom in any Ships or Vessels but such as are British- built, and owned by British Subjects, and navigated

4 by a Matter, and Three-fourths of the Mariners being British Subjects, and in no other Ships or Vessels,

\ C \ c 9 p 1 \7 IT* \ C *.L f) c 1 /"> 'pvt ~ 1

ifter, and Three-fourths of the Mariners, at least,

ipcdient, under the present Circumstances, and fora

«S ~ 4 limited

24 Geo. 3.

SefT. 2. c. 53.

and

37 Geo. 3. c.90#

[§ 16.] recited.

From March 25,

179S, the Duties

under recited

Acts, so far as

they relate to

Plate used for

Watch Cafes,

repealed.

For Gold and’

Silver Watch

Cafes exported

before March 5,

1799, a Draw-

back of the

Duties to be al-

lowed on cer-

tain Condition*.

12 Car. 2. c. x$L

recited.

