836

Their Feel.

C. 74.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Number of Men

to be raised to

be One seventh

vfthofe liable to

be ballotted lor.

Meet-

ings to be Hold-

en, of which 14

Days previous

Notice shall be

given.

General Meet-

ing may sum-

mon other

Meetings.

First General N

Meeting to ap-

poirifSubdivi-

fi6n Meetings,'

&c.

First Gem ral

Meeting to issue

Orders to the

Chief Court a

bles, Sec. to re-

turn to the Spe-

cial Deputy

Wardens Lifts

of Miners be-

tween 18 and

45 Years old.

Copies of Lifts

to be affixed on

the Church

Door.

Appeals when

to be made.

Cpnstables to

attend 10 verify

Lifts.

Subdivisions to

hear Appeals,

Sec.'

No Person

above 18 Years

old to he /truck

oft the Lifts as

not b.ing a

privileged Mi-

ner, if left out

of the Militia

Lift last returned

think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and such Clerk of such General Meetings shall be paid

five Guineas for every General Meeting, and such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall be oaid one Guinea

for every Subdivision Meeting; such Fees to be paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in the

Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such Clerks shall receive no other Fee or Reward

whatsoever. y. Si It*:jjr - ffiSrV

V, And be it further enacted, That the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be One-

seventh Part of the Number of Persons who shall appear to be liable to be ballotted to serve in pursuance of

this A&j as hereinafter directed. v‘T t-vi tf '*

(See § 8. 12.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the said Wardenand Special Deputy Wardens

shall be holden at the most convenient Towns of the Counties of Cormvall and Devon respectively, and such

Meeting shall consist of the Warden and two Special Deputy Wardens at the least, or on the Death, Re-

moval, or Absence, of the Warden, of three Special Deputy Wardens at the least, and Notice thereof

shall be given fourteen Days at the least before the Day of any such Meeting, infome Newspaper or Newt*

papers usually circulated in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon reflectively; and such General Meeting

shall and may summon other Meetings, and be adjourned in the same Manner as General Meetings of Lieu-

tenancy may be summoned and adjourned, by virtue of the Laws in force concerning the Militia Forces of

that Part of Great Britain called England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens, or such of them as

shall be present at the first General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, in each of the said Counties

of Cornwall and Devon, shall appoint the Teveral Subdivision Meetings which shall be held within the four

Stannaries of Blackmore, Foymore, Tywarnbaite Penivitb, and Kerricr respectively, for the County of

Cornwall, and within the four Stannaries of Chagford, Ashburton, Plympton, and Tavi/lock, for the County

of Devon; which Subdivision Meetings shall consist of two Special Deputy Wardens, or one Special De-

puty Warden and one Justice of the Peace for the County within which such Subdivision Meeting shall be

holden; and such Subdivision Meetings shall have the like Powers and Authorities for the Purposes of this

A&, as the Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy have for the Purposes of the several General Acts con-

cerning the Militia Forces of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, at the first General Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this

Act in each of the said Counties, the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens respectively, present at

each of such Meetings, shall issue their Orders to the Chief Constables, and, where there is no Chief Con-

ftuble, to some other Officer of the Hundred or other Division, within the said Counties respectively, where

Miners do dwell, requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer to issue an Order, under his Hand,

to all Constables, Tythingmen, and other Officers of every Parish, Tything, or Place, within the said

Hundieds, or other Divisions respectively where Miners do dwell, to return to the Special Deputy War-

dens, within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and at the Times to be appointed for that Purpose,

full and true Lifts, in Writing, of all and every the Miners dwelling within their respective Parishesand

Places, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, distinguishing their respective Occupations as

Miners, and where the true Names and Descriptions of such Miners cannot be procured, their common

Appellations shall be sufficient, and distinguishing which of such Persons so returned labour under any In-

firmity likely to incapacitate them from serving in pursuance of this A&, and having first affixed a true Copy of

the Lift intended to be (o returned on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish or

Place, or if any such Parishor Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, then on the Door

of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place adjoining, on some Sunday Morning before such Return

shall be made, which shall be three Days at the least befoje the Meeting appointed for receiving such Return;

and having also written at the Bottom of such Copy so affixed on the Door of such Church or Chapel, Notice

of the Day and Place of such Meeting; and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then

appeal, and that no Appeal will afterwards be received; and at the Days and Places so to be appointed for

the Returns of such Lifts, the Constables, Tythingmen, and other Officers respe£Hvely, shall attend and

verify the fame upon Oath; and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, or any

Special Deputy Warden and one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, assembled in their respect-

ive Subdivisions, shall proceed to hear Appeals, and amend such Lifts, and cause Duplicates of such

amended Lifts to be made, and otherwise to act therein in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants and

Justices are authorized to proceed in the like Cafes, with respetft to the Returns of Men to be ballotted for

the Militia in England.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That noPerson shall be struck off the said Lifts upon Appeal,

on Pretence that such Person is not a privileged Miner, if such Person, being above the Age of eighteen

Years, was left out of the Lift last returned under the Laws concerning the Militia Forces of England, for

the Parish or Place where he relided as a privileged Miner, and unless such Person shall upon Oatn, or Af-

firmation, (if a Quaker,) declare that he was not left out of such Lift by reason of his being a privileged

Miner, but by Mistake or Neglect, or for some other Cause.

as one.

