254-

If the Paper

containing im-

ported Starch or

Hair Powder

should he da-

maged, after

being stampt, it

may be re-pa-

pered, Sec. under

certain Condi-

tiens.

* I

Nt> Hair Pow-

der exceeding

281b. tojbc re-

moved unleis

marked “ Hair-

Powder^” on

■Penalty of

Forfeiture.

^ w

•

Dealers in Hair

Powder receiv-

ing more than

a# lb. unmark-

, to forfeit

2 col

Penalty of zool.

for obstructing

Officers.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties :utd

for by the

Customs.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties sued

for by the Excise.

Limitation of

Anions in

England.

General issue.

Treble Costs.

In Actions in

Scotland, the

C. 6.

ving Annoying tricesimo iexto G r o r g i i III*

A.p. 1796.

any Quantity of Starch not exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight in the Possession of any Dealer in or

Seller of Starch, and taken out of the Papers for immediate or current Sale; any Thing hereinbefore c6n-

tained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. *

XV. c And whereas it may happen that the Paper wherein any Starch or Han- Powder imported shall be

‘ contained, after the fame has been stamped as aforesaid, may, by Accident, be broken or damaged/ be it

therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Paper wherein any such Starch or Hair -

Powder shall be contained shall^by any Accident, be broken or damaged, and the Starch Maker or Dealer in

Starch, or Hair Powder Maker or Dealer in Hair Powder, to whom the fame belongs, shall be desirous of

having the fame rc-papered and re-(lamped, such Maker or Dealer shall give to the proper Officer or Officers

of Excise, within whole Survey he or she shall be, twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, that such Maker

or Dealer dplires to have such Starch or Hair Powder re-papered and re-damped, and thereupon, and upon

the Production of such broken Paper, with the Label and Stamp, or Seal thereof, to such Officer or Officers,

and leaving the.fame with him or them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, being satisfied that such

Starch or Hair Powder had before been duly damped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the Paper or Papers con-

taining the fame had been broken or damaged by Accident, as soon as is convenient after the Expiration of

such twenty-four Hours, to re-damp or re-seal such Starch or Hair Powder, the fame being re-papered and

tied, and such Label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in Manner hereinbefore directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Hair Powder, exceeding the

Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, shall be remoyetP^arried by Land or by Water, the VVord

u Hair-Powder’* shall be painted or marked, in legible Letters 01 at lead three Inches in Length, on every

Calk, Ched, Cafe, Bag, or other Package wherein such Hair Powder shall be contained ; and any Hair

Powder, exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, which shall be found removing or carry-

ing, or removed or carried, by Land or by Water, in any Calk, Ched, Cafe, Bag, or other Package, not

having the Word “ Hair-Powder* so painted or marked thereon, shall be forfeited, together with the Calk,

Ched, Cafe, Bag, or other Package containing the fame, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, made use of in removing or carrying the fame; and the fame shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cudomsor Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller

or Sellers of Hair Powder, shall, at any Time, knowingly receive into his, her, or their Custody or Poflef-

fion, any Quantity of Hair Powder exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight, not having the Word Hair-

Powder* so as aforesaid painted or marked on the Calk, Ched, Cafe, Bag, or other Package containing the

fame, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

■ 1

vr

a

X VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obdruct

or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms or Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers and Au-

thorities to him or them given by this Act, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Of-

fence, f for which no other Penalty is by this Act imposed,) forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIa. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or

Permission of the Commissioners of the Cudoms in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or

Officers of the Cudoms, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner,

and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any P ines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods forfeited, for

any Offence against the Laws of Cudoms, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed

of; and the Officer or Officers of the Cudoms concerned in any such Seizure or Prosecution shall be entitled

to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon

Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importations, and to such Share of the Produce arising from anypecu-

niary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regu-

lation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures im-

posed by this Act, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in Eng-

land or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or

mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any P'ine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered,

levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejhnbift er s or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively;

and that one Moiety of every such F'ine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cessors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall

be commenced within the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed ; and if

such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the De-

fendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Iffuc, and give this Act and the spe-

cial Matter in Evidence at any 'Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by

the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant

or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonfiiited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plain-

tiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Re-

medy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law ; and if such Action

or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom

such

