A.D. 1797

tricesimo sept

C. 108.

and ninety-seven, there shall be charged, assessed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Duties hereinafter mentioned} that is to say,

For and upon every Clock or Timekeeper, by whatever Name the fame shall be called, which shall be

used for the Purpose of a Clock, and placed in or upon any Dwelling House, or any Office or Build-

ing thereunto belonging, or any other Building whatever, whether private or public, belonging to any Per-

son or Persons, or Company of Persons, or any Body Corporate or Politic, or Collegiate, or which shall be

kept and used, by any Person or Persons in Great Britain, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of five

Shillings:

For and upon every Gold Watch, or Watch enamelled on. Gold, or Gold Timekeeper used for the

Purpose of a Watch, by whatever Name the fame shall be called, which shall be kept, and worn, or used, by

any Person or Persons in Great Britain, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of ten Shillings:

And for and upon every Silver or Metal Watch, or Silver or Metal Timekeeper used for the Pur-

pose of a Watch, or any other Watch, or Timekeeper used for the like Purpose, not before charged, of

whatever Materials the fame shall be made, and by whatever Name the fame shall be called, which shall be

kept and worn, or used, by any Person, there shall be charged an Annual Duty of two Shillings and Six-

pence :

The said several Duties to be paid by the respective Proprietors of such Clocks, Watches, and Time-

keepers.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Watch, of which the outer or the inner Cafe shall be made

of Gold, or shall be enamelled on Gold, shall be charged with the Duty hereby imposed on Gold

Watches.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be hereafter

authorized or appointed, to put in Execution the Acts relative to any of the present Duties placed under the

Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this

present Act, and the Powers herein contained, with relation to the Duties hereby granted, as before men-

tioned, in all the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns,

and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectprs,

Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said Acts re-

lative to the said present Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspectprs, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present

Act, with relation to the Duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, according to the Powers given to them

respectively by the said Acts, or any of them, and not hereby altered, or according to the Powers given to

them by this Act; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being respectively duly qua-

i:c-j-----n. t? :-r jf fa fajj Acts before mentioned, shall and they are hereby respectively

lings necessary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the

mentioned, in the like ard in as full and ample a Manner as they, or

of

Ms

any

spedtively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That’the aforesaid Duties by this Act granted, shall and may be afcer-

tained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, ar>d

Difebilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, Directions, and Provisions, by which the Rates and Du-

ties now placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, are

, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far

_____9 __ , I I____edlions, and Provisions, areexpressly varied by this Act; and all and

every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

contained in any Act or Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in Force, for the

surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the Rates and Duties by any former Acts

granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the aforesaid Duties granted by this Act, and not expressly varied,

or otherwise provided for, shall be in full Force, and duly observeJ, practised, and put in Execution through-

out the Kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the

aforesaid Duties granted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame

Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particu-

larly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, 1'hat the said Commissioners hereby appointed to put in Execution this

Act shall, in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque

Ports, Towns, and Places, for* which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet for the

first Time on or before the fir (I Day of rfuguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or on such

other Day as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think proper to appoint, not

later than the fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and proceed in

the Execution of this Act in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by any Act or Acts with re-

spedl to the Rates and Duties before mentioned, under the Management of the said Commissioners lor

the Affairs of Taxes (except where any Alteration is made by this Act) ; and the fa/d Commission-

ers shall, at such their Meeting, catife Notice to be given to the Persons appointed within their re-

spedlive Districts or Divisions to be Assessors or Collectors under the said Acts before mentioned, or

any

623

For every CJocfr,

5$.'.

For every Gold

Watch, or ena-

melled on Gold,

10s. t

For every Silver

or Metal Watch#

as. 6d.

What Watches

/hall be deemed

Gold.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

of Taxes.

Duties to he af-

certained, See.

as other Duties

under their Ma-

nagement.

First Meeting of

Commissioners,

who shall give

Notice to the

Afltflbrtof their

Appointment*

