6g6

Farents or Guardians liable for

IniantSj &c.

Heirs and Executors of Person',

dying, liable for A n ears of

Duty, and for Payments to the

End of the Fear.

Commissioners and Surveyors,

Ac. appointed to put in Execu-

tien the Acts relative to the

Duties now under the Manage-

ment of the Commissionera for

Taxes, to put this A Cl in Ex-

ecution.

Within the Bills of Mortality,

and thePariflics of St. Mary-le-

bone and Pancras, the Appoint-

ment of Ccllc&ors to belong to

the resident Commissioners,

Sc c.

§ 76?

Duties to be ascertained, Scc.

as the Duties now under the

Management of the Commis-

flooers for Taxes.

C. 16. Anno triedimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with any Rate or

Duty hereby imposed, {hall be under the Age of twenty.one Years, in every such Cafe the Parents or

Guardians and Tutors of fuchlnfants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, shall be

and. are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made;

and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors {hall neglect or refule to pay as aforesaid, it (kail be lawful

to proceed against them in like Manner as againl't any other Person gr Persons making Default of

Payment of the additional Rate or Duty charged upon him, her, or them respectively; and all Parents,

Guardians, and Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every the Sums paid

for such Infants upon his or their Accounts.

XLIl. And be it further enacted, That where Persons charged to any additional Rate or Duty im-

posed by this Act, {hall die within the Term herein mentioned, their respective Heirs, Executors, and

Administrators {hall be liable to the Payment of all Arrears of the said Rate or Duty at the Time of

the Deaths respectively of their Ancestors, Teffators, or Intcftates respectively, out of the Estate or

Effects which shall come into their Hands, and aifoto the Payment of such further Sums as would have

become payable, by virtue of this Act, from such Ancestors, TeAatorS, or Intcftates respectively,

at any Time within or at the End of the Year in which such Deaths respectively happened, and no

longer.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who {ball

hereafter be authorized or appointed, to put in execution the Acts relative to any of the present Duties

placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, thall be Commissioners

for executing this present Act, and the Powers herein contained, with relation to the Duties hereby

granted as before-mentioned, in all and every the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries,

Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Gnat

Britain ; and the several Surveyors, Inspedtors, Affeftbrs, and Collectors respectively, appointed or to

be appointed to put in Execution the said Acts, relative to the said present Duties under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioness for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspedtors,

Assessors, and Collectors to put in Execution this present Act, with relation to the Duties hereby

granted as before-mentioned, according to the Powers given to them respectively by the said Acts, or

any of them, and not hereby altered, and according to the Powers given to them by this Act; and the

said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being respectively duly qualified to act in the Ex-

ecution of any of the said Acts, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do

all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the respective Rates or Duties

hereby granted as before mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of

them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said Acts relative to the said present Duties under the

Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Matters or Things therein

respectively contained.

XLI V. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Alary-

le-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Appointment of Collectors of the said act-

ditional Rates and Duties {hall belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who

{hall reside in the Parishes for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall

be two or more Commissioners there resident, and no other Commissioners shall in such Cale inter-

fere ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and’residing within the

respective Parishes as aforesaid, to appoint such Persons to be Collectors, who {hall have given Se-

curity, to the Satisfaction of the Churchwardens and Overftersor Guardians of the Poor, or any two

or more of them, or any seven or more of the Vestry, where a Seledt Vestry shall be appointed as.

aforesaid *, and who shall be thought by the said Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office

of Collector ; and that in Default of appointing such Persons who shall have given fuc h Security, then

the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid shall name such Persons as they {hall think of Ability to ex-

ecute the said Office : Provided always, that where two or more Commissioners shall not be resident in

any Parish, for which Collectors are to be appointed, then a Commissioner or Commissioners residing

in any adjacent Parish may concur in the Appointment of such Collectors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid respective Rates or Duties by this Act

granted shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for,

under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, Directions,

and Provisions, by which the Rates and Duties now placed under the Management of the Commission-

ersfor the Affairs of Faxes, or any of them, are or is, or may be ascertained, managed, collected,

paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods. Di-

redtions, and Provisions, are expressly varied by this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or

Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in force, or to be passed in the present

Session of Parliament, for the surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the

Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the fame arc applicable to the aforesaid re-

spective Rates or Duties granted by this Act, and not expressly varied or otherwise provided for uereby,

{hall severally and respectively be in full Force, and duly observed, pradhfed, and put in Execution

13 throughout

