900

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Penalty of tool,

for using Rock

Sait delivered

to Glass

Makers (of any

other Purpose

than nnking

Mineral Alkali,

Officers may

enter Work-

houses, See. of

Manufacturers

of Mineral Al-

kali, or Flux

for Glass.

Penalty of 50I.

for refuting

them Entrance.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Maker of Cjlafs, to whom or on whose Use or Ac*

count any such Rock Salt shall be delivered at any such Salt Mine or Pit, and secured as aforesaid, or in

case any other Person or Persons shall use the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Acid Materials to be pro-

duced therefrom, after being used in the making of such Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass as aforesaid, for

any other Purpose than that of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, the Person or Persons so offending

in the Premises shall forfeit and lole the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

or Flux for Glass. JJ - IE

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise

to enter into all and every the Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places made use

of by any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Rock Salt,

Brine, or Sea Water as aforesaid, either for the Purpose of making, storing, or keeping the fame, or of

storing or keeping any Rock Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose or under Colour of making the

fame; and that if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, upon due Request or Demand made by

any Officer of Excise, in the Day-time, or in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful

Officer of the Peace, refuse to permit such Officer to enter and come into any such Workhouses, Ware-

houses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places, he, (lie, or they shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the

Sum of fifty Pounds. _ . ' j

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That nothing in this ACt shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to lay or impose any Duty on such Glauber Salts as shall be made or produced by any

Glass-maker in any of the Proccfles of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass as aforesaid, and which

Olauber Salts shall be truly and bond fide expended and consumed in making such Mineral Alkali, or F lux

for Glass. IB

Duty not to

extend to Glau-

ber Salts pro-

duced in mak-

ing Mineral

Alkali, or Flux

for Glass, and expended in making the same.

Owners or Oc-

cupiers of Brine

Springs in Long

Benton may

make Mineral

Alkali there-

from, on mak*

ing Entry of

their Wprk-

houses, See. at

the Excise

Office of the

Diflria.

Penalty for not

making such

Entry, 100I.&C.

Duty for the

Mineral Alkali

made, to be paid

according to

Act.

CXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enaCted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all

and every the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of certain Springs of Brine or Salt Water in the Parish

or Township of Long Benton in the County of Northumberland, to make 2nd manufacture Mineral Alkali

from the Water or Brine of the said Springs, at their Works or Manufactories already erected or begun to

be ereCted within the said Parish or Township, and also within the Parish of Newburn in the County aforesaid,

upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

and Provisions in that Behalf hereinafter contained, provided, prescribed, settled, and established; that is to

say, that all and every the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, shall from 1 ime to Time make true and

particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place, and

Utensil and Vessel by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the making or

keeping such Mineral Alkali, or any Materials proper to be made into Mineral Alkali, at the Office of

Excise within the Compafsor Limits whereof such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other

Place respectively shall be situate; and if any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occu-

pier or Occupiers, who shall make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali from such Water or Brine as afore-

said, shall neglect to make any such Entry, he, (lie, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum

of one hundred Pounds, together with all the Mineral Alkali which shall at any Time be found in ary

Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place, by him, her, or them used in or for the

making or keeping of Mineral Alkali whereof no such Entry shall be made; provided also, that such Own-

ers, Proprietors, or Occupiers, do and shall from l ime to Time pay and clear off all such Duty as shall

become due and payable for or in respect of the Mineral Alkali which he, she, or they shall from Time

to Time make or manufacture, at such Times and under such Penalties as in this ACt in that Behalf pre-

feribed. '1 —

CXXV. And be it further enaCted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers

of Excise from Time to Time, and at all Times by Day or Night, upon his or their Request, to enter

into and upon all and every the Workhouses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, and other Places re-

spectively made use of by any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occu-

piers, for the making or manufacturing Mineral Alkali from such Water or Brine as aforesaid, and by

weighing, gauging, or other wise, to take an Account of all the Mineral Alkali which shall at any lime be

making or manufacturing, or made or manufactured therein.

CXXVI. And be it further enaCted, 'That if any such Owner, Proprietor, or Occupier shall at any

Time make or manufacture any Common Salt, or any Salts called or known by the Name of Glauber or

Effom Salts, or shall at any Time knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody, or in any House or Place

to him, her, or them belonging, any Common Salt exceeding the Quantity of two Bushels, or any Glauber

or Epjom Salts exceeding the Quantity of one Pound, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized

by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Owner, Proprietor, or Occupier, shall also forfeit the Sura

of five hundred Pounds. 'I

Officer of Ex-

cife may enter

such Wodc-

houses, and

take anAccount

of the Mineral

Alkali making

or made.

Penalty of 500!-

and Forfeiture

of Salt, on

such Owner*

or Occupiers

making Com-

mon Salt, or

Glauber Salts,

or having in

their Custody more than a certain Quantity of each.

CXXVII. And

