371

D

796

tricesimo sexto

C.. 87.

her, or their Executors* Administrators, or A/signs, Agents or Servants, then and in any such Cafe it shall

be lawful for every such Justice and Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to allow and award a

reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels in respetf thereof, or of such

Damage; and the Sum or Sums of Mor??y so allowed or awarded, in case the fame shall not amount to the

Principal and Profit aforesaid, which shall appe-5 to be due to any Person or Persons to whom thef2f^? were

so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, AcJm^&rators, or Assigns, shall be deducted out of the

said Principal and Profit; and in all Cafes where the Goods anu C.b^tds pawned as aforesaid (lull have

been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the Pawner or Pawners, iiiS, her, or their Executors,

Admifiistrators, or Assigns, to pay or tender the Money due upon the Balance, after deuuf^hig out of the

Principal and Profit as aforesaid for the Goods or Chattels pawned, such reasonable Satisfaction, ii» r«dpe&

to such Damage, as any such Justice or Justices'shall order or award, and upon so doing the Justice or Jul-

tices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators. or Assigns, had

paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal and Profit aforesaid; and if the Satisfaction to be

allowed and awarded to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the

Principal and Profit aforesaid, then and in such Cafe the Person or Persons to whom the fame were so pledged

or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall deliver the Goods or Chattels so

pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof, without being paid any Thing for Principal or Profit in respect

thereof, and shall also pay such Excess, if any, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, under the Penalty of

ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for-any Justice of the

Peace, upon Complaint made to him on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Wit-

nefles, where any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended against this Act,

or respecting any Dispute between any Pawnbroker and Person having pawned Goods, or the Owner or

Owners of Goods pawned, or respecting any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Occasion whatsoever,

which, in the Judgment of any Justice or Justices, shall make the Production of any Book, Note, Voucher,

Memorandum, Duplicate, or other Paper, necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or

Power of any Pawnbroker, to summon such Pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any

Book, Note, Voucher, Memorandum, Duplicate, or Paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his

or her Custody or power relating to the fame, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such Juf-

tice or Justices in the State the fame was or were made at the Time the Pawn or Pledge was received,

without any Alteration, Erafement, or Obliteration whatsoever; and in case such Pawnbroker shall neglect

or refuse to attend, or to produce the fame in its true and perfect State, such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or

she doth not shew good Cause for such Neglect or R^fufal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for-

feit the Sum of ten Pounds, for the Use, and to be levied in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall, from and

after the Commencement of this Act, in any wise offend against this Act, every such Pawnbroker shall, for

every such Offence in neglecting to make or^pause to be made in a fair and regular Manner in such Book or

Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them, by this ACt, forfeit the

Sum of ten Pounds; and for every other Offence against this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is pro-

vided or imposed on any particular or specific Offence against any Part of this Act, the Sum of five

Pounds; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against this Act shall and may be

levied by Distrefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Di-

vision. City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and it shall be lawful for the

Justice or Justices to award to the Party complaining, out of the said Penalty, the Sum of two Pounds and

ten Shillings, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied

by this Act, to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence

shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that.

Purpose.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable

to any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this A61, for any

Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within

twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of

the Poor of any Parish or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawn-

broker against this Act, or some or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justice of the

Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence being supposed to have been com-

mitted, shall, and they, or some or one of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is

roc

for the Time being, such Officers or Officer.

-----7 ”*7----- J 7----- 7----- —---w / V - — w 7 -----

hereby required to prosecute every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to have been

committed against this Act, at the Expence of the respe<Stive Parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be,.

XXV. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall lend Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever upon

Pawn or Pledge at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or

greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

r ‘ ‘ I V*. m ’ XXVI. And

Pawnbroker!

produce their

Books whenne-

ctssary.

Penalty on

Pawnbrokers

offending

against this A ft.

Limiting tha

Time of Prose-

cution or In-

formation.

Churchwar-

dens, Sc c. to

prosecute, &c.

A Cl not to ex-

tend to Person!

lending Money

at 5I. per Cent,

without further

Profit*.

