842 C. 76. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

to the Crown

and haH to the

Informer ;

afterwards

wholly to the

Crown, to be

applied to the

Purposes of tlus

A a.

4

His Majesty’s.

Attorney Gene-

ral in England

and Advocate in

Scotland may

flop Proceed-

ings on Profc-

cutions.

From July 5*.

1798, the addi-

tional Duties of-

Customs in the

annexed Tables,

A. B. C. and D.

to be paid; (ex-

cept on Articles

mentioned at the

of anyr such Penalty'or Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the

other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the

fame within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be (ued for in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster for Offences committed in England, or at Sea, or in Parts beyond the Seas, and

in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Im-

parlance shall be allowed; and in Default of Prosecution within the Time hereinbefore limited, no such

Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney Ge-

neral in England or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective Courts aforesaid, in which case

the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all

Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his

Majesty, Ns Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty’s

Customs in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, and be appropriated and applied in the

same Manner, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duty of Tonnage on Ships by this Act imposed

is directed to be appropriated and applied.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Prosecution shall be com-

menced by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, it shall

and may be lawful for his Majesty’s Attorney General in England or Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall

appear to their Satisfaction respectively that such Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Intention

of Fraud, to flop all further Proceedings on every such Prosecution, as well with respect to the Share of such

Penalty or Forfeiture to which any such Person may claim to be entitled, as to the Share thereof belonging

to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon such Terms nevertheless, as to Colls and otherwise, as such

Attorney General or Advocate shall think reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain from

Foreign Parts, and upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from the Kingdom of Great

Britain to Foreign Parts, the several new and additional Duties of Customs as the fame are respectively

inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.), (B.), (C.),

and (D.), except as hereinafter is provided.

End of § 17 j and fee § 10, 24, 25, 26.)

Whero, by Ta-

bic (A.), the

Duties are

charged accord-

ing to Value, it

shall be taken as

at the Fort of

Importation,

deducing Du-

ties, and afccr-

tained according

to 27 Geo. 3.

c. 13.; and if.

not truly valued,

the Goods may

be detained by

the Officers of

the Cu (toms,&c.

If the real Value

cannot be afeer-

tained without

the Goods be-

ing landed and

examined, a De-

posit to secure

the new Duties

may be made,

and when afeer-

tained the Du-

ties to be paid

before Delivery

of the Goods;

and if their Va-

- foe cannot be

iuins.fi

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.),

the new and additional Duties of Customs by this A£1 imposed upon the Importation of Goods, YVares,

and Merchandize into this Kingdom, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Mea-

sure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the fame shall beat

the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties

payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Adfc of Parliament shall amount to; and that such

Value shall be ascertained, except as hereinafter is provided, by the Declaration of the Importer or Pro-

prietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so imported, or of his known Agent or Fadfor, in the

Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subjedfc to the fame Forfeitures and

Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid

according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

and for other Purposes; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not be valued according to the

true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful

for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the fame to be detained, and the said Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every

Refpedi in the Manner prescribed in such Cafe by the said recited Act.

A VII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed are charged in the Table hereunto

annexed, marked (A.), according to the Value thereof, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, his known Agent or Fadior, shall not be able to make an Entry of such Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, according to the true and real Value thereof, without the fame being landed and examined,

such Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Fadior, shall, upon making Oath before the Collector or Comp-

troller of the Customs at the Port of Importation* that he is not enabled to ascertain the true and real Value

thereof in the Manner hereinbefore prescribed, be at Liberty, to make a Deposit sufficient to secure the new

and additional Duties hereby imposed, and the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall in

such Cafe, as soon as may be after the Examination thereof, be ascertained by the Declaration of such

Importer, Proprietor, Agent, or Fadior, in the Manner and subjedi to the Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures,

and Penalties, hereinbefore directed, and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid (except as herein-

after is provided) before the Delivery of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and if the Value of any

such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into this-Kingdom, cannot, after Examination thereof,

be

