fS

o

Pei fons forging

Letters of At-

torney to trans-

fcr Stock, tec.

or pci fonating

Proprietors, to

suffer Death*

Persons forging

Dividend War-

rants, Arc. to

suffer Death.

Officers of the

Bank embez-

zling Notes,

tec. to suffer

Death.

Persons making

Transfers in any

but Names of

Proprietors, to

suffer Death.

Persons forging

Transfers, &c.

to suffer Death.

C. 66. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795*

England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or

Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully

acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing, as aforesaid, shall be

deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pa fling of this Act, if

any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and

wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instru-

ment, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey, any Part or Share of or in the Principal Sums or Stock, or the

Annuities, by this Act made or declared transferable at the Flank of England, or to receive any Annuity or

Annuities, or Interest, or Dividend or Dividends, in pursuance of this Act, payable at the Bank of England,

or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and

wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any the Name or Names of any the Proprietor or Pro-

prietors of any such Part or Share of or in such Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, Interest, Dividend

or Dividends as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Instrument, or Authority, or

shall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such Part or Share of or in such Principal

Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, transferred, assigned,

(old, or conveyed, or such Annuity or Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, to

be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority, or Instrument,

or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of the said

Shares, of or in the fa»d Principal Sums or Stock, Annuities, Interest, Dividend or Dividends, or any of

them, or any Part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, any Part or Share

of or in the said Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive,

the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor or Proprietors, as if such Offender or Offenders were the true

and lawful Owner or Owners thereof, then, and in every or any such^ Cafe, such Offender or Offenders

shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if

any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, any Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment

of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable in pursuance of this Adl at the Bank of England or any

Indorsement thereon, or shall offer, or dispose of, or put away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered.

Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, or

the Indorsement thereon, or demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any

Part thereof, of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any their Officers or Servants*

knowing such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, Interest, or Money, payable as

aforesaid, or the Indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or any other Body Politic or Corpo-

rate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every Person or Persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of

Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Adl, if

any Officer or Servant of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, being entrusted with

any Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity or Interest, or Money, or

any Security Money, or other Effects, of or belonging to the said Governor and Company, or having any

Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity or Interest, or Money, or any

Security Money, or other Effects, of any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, lodged or

deposited with the said Governor and Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the said Governor

and Company, in pursuance of this Adl, or of the due Execution thereof, shall secrete, embezzle, or run

away with, any such Note, Bill, Dividend or other Warrant, Security Money, or other EfFedis, as afore-

said, or any Part thereof, every such Officer or Servant, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of P'elony, and

shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Adl,

if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or

Share, of or in any Principal Sums or Stock, Annuity or Annuities, by this Adl made or declared trans-

ferable at the Bank of England, in any of the Books of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, in which Transfers of Principal Sums, Stock, or Annuities, as aforesaid, are, or in pursuance of

this Act shall be, made, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, not being the Owner or Owners,

or Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Principal Sums or Stock, or Annuity or Annuities, transferable as

aforesaid, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other

Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or Persons so making, or

assisting in making, such Transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall fuller Death as a

Felon or Felons, without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Adl-,

if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall falsely m.ike, force, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely

made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or assist in the fallely making, forging, or counterfeiting

of any T ransfer of any Interest, Part, or Share, of or in any Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuity or

Annuities, by this Adl made Or declared transferable at the Bank of England, or shall utter or publim as

true any such false, forged, or counterfeited Transfer as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false, forged, or

counterfeited, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other

Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever

so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit

of Clergy. - .« IX. And

