"\

Manner in

which Actions

for Penalties

rtull be com-

menced.

Where the

Amount of the

Penalties sued

for is not in-

ferred in the

Writs, the De-

fendant to be

served with a

Copy of the

Process, fee#

Offenders ad-

judged Rogues

and Vagabonds

may be com-

mitted.

Proceedings not

reinoveable i.y

Certiorari.

I

C. 104,105. Anno tricesimo sexto^EORGii III. A.D. 1796.

u of good Character and Reputation, and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and he shall have

*4 deposited a certain Number of Tickets, &c, Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Rond

44 agreeably to tz Geo. III. Cap. 47. At the End of 12 Months after Expiration cf Licences, the Coni-

44 missioners may give up Bonds or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to depolit or divide

44 into Shares 50 T ickets, to be void ; and the Defaulters to be published in the Gazette,&c. In Cafes

44 where Licences under 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47. are declared void, in such Cafes Licences granted after the

44 Commencement of this Act shall be void for Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Qit>. 1. Li-*

44 cences may be refused to Persons convicted. Persons continuing on their Houses the Warns Lictv.Jrd,

44 &c. after Expiration of their Licences, 6jV. to forfeit 20/. Executors, i$e. may be authorized to carry

44 on Business for the Rcfidueof the Terms of Licences. No 1 ickets to be divided into any other Shares

44 than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50/. Application and Recovery ofl'e-

44 nalties. Form of Shares of Tickets. Persons counterfeiting Shares, &c. guilty of E'elony. Persons pre-

44 paring or having in their Custcdy any Register or Lift of Tickets but as herein particularized; orkeep-

44 ing any Place for examining Tickets, by any other than such Lift, ifc. to forfeit 50/. On Complaint on

44 Oath of Offences against 27 Geo III. Cap. 1. whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues,

44 Justices may authorize Persons tobreak open Houses, &c. Persons discovered in such Houses concerned

44 in carrying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, fcrV. Penalty cn

44 Persons obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Trans-

44 actions, to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not

be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence or enter, or cause or procure to be commenced

or entered, or filed or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, for the Recovery of any

Penalty or Penalties inflicicd by any of the Laws touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, link is

the fame be commenced, entered, hied, and prosecuted, in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General,

in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, if such Offence shall be committed in England, or in the Name

of his Majesty’s Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Offence shall be com-

mitted in ocotland\ and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in

any other Person’s Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the fame, and all Proceedings thereupon

had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts, where such Proceedings shall be

so commenced, shall cause the fame to be staid; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary noiwith-

standing. 1 j > j

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Procefi shall issue against

any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against any

Law touching or concerning Lotteries, or against this Act, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued

for, shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of

the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Plaintiff or Informer shall

not proceed to arrest the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but it shall be lawful to serve him

or them personally with a Copy of the Process, and to proceed therein in like Manner as in Cafes of Debt,

where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively; any

Thing in the said last-mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any two or more Justices of

the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said Act of the twenty seventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, by such Justices, whereby such Person shall bead-

judged a Rogue and a Vagabond, then, and in every such Cafe, such Justices shall, and they are hereby re-

quired to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Chrredlion, there to remain for any Space of Time,

not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Month, and until the final Period of the Drawing of

the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed ; and such Proceedings shall not be subject

to Appeal nor shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or other wise, into any Court whatever.

44 General Blue. Treble Costs.”

*" ^ * W w +w

cap. cv. / ;j i

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid so

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the

Commissioners for the Reduction of the NatioaafDebt.—[18th May 1796.]

CAP.

