(Public Local &* Personal\)

GEO. nr.

xlv

Bridge to Coekhill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom

of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the

County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from

the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford

Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and a!so several other

Roads leading from or near the said Roads, in the said

County of iPilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the

River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County.

9. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the

County of Dumfries, to continue in force until the first

Day of May one thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament; and for converting the Statute Labour within

the said County into Money ; and applying the same to-

wards repairing the Highways within the said County.

to. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts,

passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of

Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to

Dudbridge\ and also the Road leading from Cirencester

all

in

towards Bifley, so far as the Bottom ot Gulph Hill,

the County of Gloucester.

41. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, alter-

ing, and improving the Road from the Town of Man-

ebefter, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Town-

fhtp of Crumpjall, to the Town of Rochdale ; and also the

Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a

Place called Bejfes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and

also the Road from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn

to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Shcepfoot

Lane, in the Township of Prejlwich ; all in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

u. An Act for enlarging for the Term of twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in

the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the

City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury,

in the County of Gloucester.

13. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term of two Acts, made in the twenty-fourth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

and in the eighth Year of the Reign ot His present Majesty,

so far as the fame relate to the Roads from the I of of

Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill,

through the Towns of Northleach, Buford', and Witney,

and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campsfeld in

the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and

also the Road from Campsfeld, to the Turnpike Road at

or near Enjlow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

J4. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a

Bridge over thelliver OuJey at Newhaven, in the County

of Sussex. ^ r . '

15. An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of

Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

16. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town

and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of

Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and

Annoyances therein.

17. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named,

and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose

of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally

established under an Act passed ir> the thirteenth Year of*

His present Majesty’s Reign, which is now expired.

1 An Act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal*

authorized to be made by two Acts passed in the thirty-

fourth and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present-

Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend

the said Acts.

19. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging

and improving the Harbour of Leith.

20. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from*

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed

in the twenty-ninth and thirty-first Years of His pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, for making and repairing the Road

from the City of Glasgow, by IWuirkirk, to the Confines

of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating

therewith; and the Road from the Village of Gorbalsy

and New Bridge of Glasgoiv, by the Chapel of Cam-

bujlang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton by Burnbank

towards Eaglejham in the County of Renfrew; and for

building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock or

Farme Ford.

21. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from.near

Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries* to or near.

Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark.

22. An Act to continue for twenty one Years> and from,

thence to the Ena or the then next Session of Parliament*,

the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, passed in the.

eighteenth Year of the Re:gn of His present Majesty, for.

repairing the Roads from WhiJlle Bridge in the Parish of

Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike.

Road in the Parish of CharmnJler, in the County of

Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newtony

to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrotty in

the County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gatey in the

Parish of Broadwinjor, to LenhamJ s Water, in the Parish

of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of

Beaminster, to the Dorjetshire Jnny in the Parish of Wool•-

combt; and from the Town of Frampton, to the Wcfterit*

Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of.

Dorset. ' lJ• '

23. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and fromt.

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an

Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of Hi».

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from the Town of Hal fax, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the fame*

Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to

Penistone.

24 An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in

the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth*

25. An Act for makinga new Road or Street from Freefchoof

Streety Souihwarky to Dockbead, and from thence through

' Hickman's Court, other wise Rose Court, to Lillitut Hall

Bridge in Btrmondsey; and for enlarging, for the Term of

* * " twenty •-

