THE

STATUTES at Large

y

&c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo quinto.

holden at Westfninfier, the twenty-fifth Day of November,

hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

T the Parliament begun and

Domini one thousand seven

our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

«A

4 X JL. our bovereigi

and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

4 And from thence continued, by federal Prorogations, to the thirtieth Day of December one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-four j being the fifth Session of the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An A?. for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

fjr the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.—[21ft January 1795-]

\ I CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year one thousand leven hundred and ninety-five.

[ *n *he £. J [21ft January 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, taking into our serious Confutation such Expences as are absolutely necessary for sup-

4 porting your Majesty’s Government, and being resolved to supply the fame, have, for that End and Pur-

4 pose, cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty

the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned;’ and we do most humbly befeeci

your Majesty that it may be enacted, CSV.

LXXI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second Year of his

4 present Ms

4 Civil Lijl

4 Mode of Payments out of the said Kevenues, and by JuPp _

4 which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Li/ly) the Office of Paymaster of the Pensions^

4 amongst others, is fopprefled, abolished, and taken away; and it is thereby also ena£led, That no

4 Pension whatsoever on the Civil Establishment shall thereafter be paid but at the Exchequer, and in the

4 same Manner as those Pen lions which were then paid and entered at the Exchequer, under the Head,

4 Title, and Description of Pensions, and that those which were transferred thither by the Paid Act, shall be

4 subject to no Taxes or Fees whatsoever, except the Taxes and Fees to which before the Paid Act they

4 woe subject: And whereas the Pensions, which were before the passing of the said Act payable at the

4 Office of the Paymaster of the Pensions, and to the Servants of the late Queen Caroline, and the late

Princess Dowager of Wales, were nearly one Half of the Amount of the Whole of the Pensions which

in pursuance of the said Act are now payable at the Exchequer;’ be it enacted, That, from and after

passing this Act, one Half of the Amount of the Pension Lift {hall be rated, charged, and assessed, and con-

tinue to be rated, charged, and assessed, to the Land Tax, in the said Division of the Palaces of U'hitchall

and Saint Jamesy and in no other Division, in each Year; and the other Half of the Amount of the Pension

Lift shall be rated, charged, and assessed, and continue to be rated, charged, and assessed to the Land Tax,

the Offices executed in Westminster Hall\ and in no other Division or Place, in each Year, the said

35 Geo. HI. - B Offices

Recital of

22 Geo. III.

Cap. 82.

Where the

Pension Lift

shall be rated

to the Land

Tax.

