A.D. 1798.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 40.

737

Term of Whit-

sunday 1793, in

Scotland, the

Duties on

Houses, Win-

dows, or Lights*

granted by

6 Gto. 3. c. 38.

24GCO. 3. c.38.

ar.d 37 Geo! 3.

c. 105 and on

Houses, by

19000.3. c. 59.

and the addi-

tional Duties

upon the

Amount there-

of, and the Du-

ties on Clocks

JEhitfunday one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, all

Und singular the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights respectively granted by the several

Acts made in the sixth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and

also the Rates and Duties upon Inhabited Houses, granted by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, and also the additional Rates and Duties charged by several Acts upon the

Amount of the said Rates and Duties* and also the Rates and Duties on Clogks and Watches, granted by

an Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall severally cease and determine;

save and except in all Cafes relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying any Arrears there-

of respectively, which may, on the said fifth Day of Ipril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

and the Term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in England and Scotland re-

spedlively, remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating

thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the Term ot Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight, respectively asaforelaid ; save also and except the additional Rates and Duties granted by an

Ad, passed in the present Session of Parliament, [c. 16.J intituled, An Afl for granting to his MujeJly an

Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War•

and Watches, granted by 37 Cco. 3. c. 108. to cease

II. And be it further enacted, That*from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and in lieu

and ninety-eight, in England, and from and after the Term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and

aiinety-eight, in Scotland, in lieu and indead of the said Rates and Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be

assessed, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcllors, upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, the several Rates and Duties respectively infer ted, de-

feribed, and let forth in the several Schedules marked A. and B. hereunto annexed ; which several Schedules,

and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the fame were in-

corporated therewith. ' * k

III. And be it further enacted, That every Afleftrnent to be made by virtue of this Act in England,

shall be in Force for one whole Year, from the fifth Day of April in the Year in which the fame shall be

made ; and.every such Assessment to be made in Scotland, shall be in Force for one whole Year, from the

Term of Whifunday in the Year in which the fame shall be made; and the Duties to be levied upon any

such Assessments to be made in England and Scotland respectively, shall be charged upon the Occupier or

Occupiers for the Time being of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Duties

shall be charged, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that in all

Cafes where the Rates and Duties by this Act repealed, are directed to be paid by the Landlord or Land-

lords of any House or Tenement, in such Cafe the said Landlord or Landlords shall be liable to the Duties

.hereby granted in like Manner.

IV. And be it further enacted* That the Duties, hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Oc-

cupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, shall be levied upon, and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers

for the Fime being, without any new Assessment for that Year, notwithstanding any Change in the Occu-

pation of any of such Houses, Cottages, or Tenements.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That no Rate or Duty shall be levied by virtue of this

Act, for or in respect of any Cottage or Tenement containing not more than fix Windows or Lights in the

Whole, the Occupier or Occupiers whereof, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, and not for any

other Cause, is or are exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Faxes, Aflellments, and Contribu-

tiens, towards the Church and Poor.

thereof, the

Duties in the

annexed Sche-

dules to be

levied.

AflTcfTinents t®

be made fora

Year, and

charged upon

the Occupier;.

VI. And be it further enacted. That every Chamber or Apartment, in any of the Inns of Court or of

Chancery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, or in any Hall or Office

belonging to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Public Hospital, being

severally in the Tenure and Occupation of any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Rates and Duties,

containing eight Windows or Lights, or under, shall be charged thereto ct the Rate of two Shillings for

every such Window or Light; and every such Charnber or Apartment, which shall contain more than

eight Windows or Lights, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act as if the fame was an entire

House. * * ‘

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

extend to subject any Hospital, Charity School, or House provided lor the Reception and Relief

of poor Persons, to the Payment of the Rate or Duty imposed by this Act, except such Apartments

therein as arc or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof, which shall be subject to the

fame Duty (according to the Number of Windows in each) as other Inhabited Houses arc by this Act

subject to.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge

with the said Duty any Room licensed as a Chapel for the Purpotesof Divine Worship, and uled for no

other Purpose whatsoever; nor to any Windows or Lights in Dairies, or other Rooms or Places described

arrd exempted from the Duties hereby repealed, by an Act, passed in the thirty-fixch Year of the Reign of

38 Geo* III. 5 C his

Land lor 1$ to be

liable to Duties

where th-y paid

them under the

former Acts.

Occupiers for

the Time being

to pay Assessf-

ments.

No Duty to be

paid for Tene-

ments contain,

ing not more

than fix Win-

clows, if the

Occupiers arc exempted, on Account of Fovcrty, from the Poor lUtcc•

Apartments in

Jrns of Court,

containing

eight Wirdows,

or under, to be

charged as. per

Window ; and

above that

Number, as an

entire House.

in Hospitals,

&c. only the

Apartments oc-

cupied by Offi-

cers or Servants,

subjectto Duty.

Duty not to be

charged on

licensed Cha-

pels ; nor on ,

Dairies, &c.

exempted, by 3 b

. y c. 117.

