A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 9 2.'

Wm * ^ ^ i « l

ing compounded with his Creditors, and not paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, every such Person shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety of which laid several and respective Penalties

shall go to the Ule of the Person who shall sue for the same ; and in every Action, Suit, or Information,

brought against any Person for acting as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, in the said Mi-

litia, not being qualified as. aforesaid, the Proof of his Qualification (except as to Bankruptcy or com-

pounding with his Creditors) shall lie upon the Person against whom the fame is brought.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required and empowered

to hold a Court of Lieutenancy for the said City, on the fir(fc Wednesday next after the passing of this Act,

and afterwards to hold two Courts of Lieutenancy in each Year for the said City ; (that is to say,) one

Court to beholden on the third Wednesday in January, and one Court on the third Wednesday in June, and

to hold Courts from Time to Time, as often as they shall think expedient, and to issue such Precepts at the

said Courts as may berequifite and necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

X. And be it further enacted. That the Private Men of the two Regiments of Militia to be raised by virtue

of this Act, and which shall be distinguished by the Names of the East and IVejt -Regiments, shall be pro-

vided by the several Wards of the City, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, in the Proportions

following; (that is to say,)

For the East Regiment, by the Wards of

Aldgate, sixty Men ; '

Bajjfhuw, twelve Men ;

Billing [gate, forty-one Men ;

Bishopjgate Within, forty-four Men $ , * 1

Bishopsgate IVitbout, fifty Men ;

Bridge, twenty-six Men ;

Broad Street, fifty Men ;

Candlewick, twenty Men.

Coleman Street, thirty-six Men ;

Cornhill, thirty-six Men ;

Dow gate, twenty-seven Men ;

Langbourn, sixty-seven Men ;

Lime Street, twenty Men ;

Porlfokcn, forty-five Men;

Tower, sixty-six Men. '

And for the Weft Regiment, by the Wards of * # '

Alaerjgate Within, and Saint Ma r t ins-le-Grand, eighteen Men ;

Jlldcrjgate Without, twenty-one Men ;

Bread Street, twenty-four Men ;

Collie Baynard, forty-four Men ;

Cheati, forty-four iVlen ;

' . Cor aw ainer, twenty-two Men;

Cripple gate Within, forty-four Men;

Cripplegate Without, thirty-six Men;

Farringdon Within, eighty-four Men ; JfbA Syifj. M Jr ft

Farringdon Without, one hundred and ninety-two Men ;

Qucenbitbe, twenty-one Men;

Wintry, twenty-three Men ;

Walbrook, twenty-seven Men.

^ * j ' * W * t

XI. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, at their Courts, shall and are hereby re-

quired to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the

said City and Liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the Number of Men, herein-before appointed to be

raised in their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen, or Deputies, and Common Council-

men, of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Number of Men directed

to be raised in their respective Wards, who shall be fit and able Men, and be approved by two or more of

the said Commissioners, and who shall not have more than one Child born in Wedlock at the Time of his

Inrolment, and who shall reside in the said City, or within three Miles thereof; and the Aldermen, or De-

C, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall and are

>y authorized and empowered to give unto such Men, so to be provided, any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding ten Pounds to each Man, to serve in the Militia for each Ward ; and the said Commissioners

shall appoint a Court or Courts to be holden, notlefs than twenty Days or more than sixty Days after issuing

such Precepts, to receive a Return of the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons as shall be so pro-

vided ; and the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen, of the several Wards aforesaid, or the

major Part of them, shall direct the Constables, Beadles, or other Ward Officers, to give Notice, in

Writing, to every Person so provided, personally to appear at such Court or Courts, or before such Com-

missioners asmay be appointed by such Court or Courts, to receive, inspect, and attest them, which Notice

shall be given at his or their usual Place of Abode at lead fix Days before the l ime appointed for their said

36 Geo. Ill, 3D Appearance;

383

A Moiety of

Penalty to the

Person who

shall sue.

On whom

Proof 6f Qualifi-

cation shall he.

Times of hold-

ing Courts of

Lieutenancy.

Men to be pro-

vided by the

Wards in cer-

tain Propor-

tiens.

Commissioners

to issue Precepts

to the Alder-

men, Stc. to

cause the Men

to be raised, to

whom they may

give 101.

Bounty;

and to appoint a

Court to receive

Returns of Men

provided.

Aldermen to

direlt the Ward

Officers to give

Notice to the

Perfo is pro

vided to aticrd

at the Court,

