8o6

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo o'&avo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Rules Methods, or Directions are applicable to such Sales respectively: Provided always. That in every

such Corn rad, a Clause or Proviso shall be inserted for the Redemption of such Land Tax by the Person or

Persons in Possession of or beneficially entitled to the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

taments whereon such Land Tax shall be charged, or by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or

Companies, in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or having any future Interest as aforesaid, at such

7'imc and in such Manner as is herein directed*: Provided also, That in all such Cafes all the said Manors,

Messuages, Lands,'T enements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax so purchased as last aforesaid

shall be charged, situate in the same Parish, Constablewick, or Place, shall, until such Redemption shall

take place, be fubjcCt to a new Assessment of the said Land Fax, from Year to Year, by an equal Rate,

according to the annual Value of such Manors, Mefiliages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in com-

mon with each other, without any Power in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof to exonerate the said Ma-

nors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the same, or to fix the Rate of Land Tax to

be charged thereon, or, if the Premifesbe in Scotland, by an Aftefl'ment according to the Rules, and in the

Manner established by Law or Custom in regard to the Cess or Land Tax in that Country, as hereinafter

mentioned. 0 svI’H K

A Clause to be

inserted in the

Conrraa of

Sale, for the

Redemption of

the Land Tax,

by Persons be-

ne ficially intc-

rested.

See § 18, 93.

Till such Re-

demption, their

Lands to be

subject to a new

Assessmeny of

the Land Tax,

by an equal

without any Power in the Purchaser to exonerate them from, or to fix the Rate of Land Tax.

If, before March

*5> >799» *>cr-

fons entitled

shall give Notice

to Commission-

ers that they do

not mean to

claim their re-

spective Benefit

of Preference,

Commissioners

may fell to

Persons next

entitled, and

finally toPci Tons

not entitled to

such Preference.

The Considera-

tien of 1 hit-

chafes by Per-

fons not entitled

to Preference,

to be so much

per Cent.

Stock as will

yield a Dividend

exceeding the

Amount of the

Land Tax by

1-5th, to be

transferred by

four Instalments

within one

Year; or the

Whole may be

transferred at

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand leven hundred and ninety-nine, any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Cor-

porate, entitled to the Benefit of Preference aforesaid, shall give Notice to the Commissioners appointed for

the Purposes of this Ac!, that he, she, or they does not or do not intend to claim the Benefit of such Pre-

ference, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners immediately to treat and contract with the Person or

Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, next entitled to such Benefit of Preference, and so from Time to Time

as long as any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be entitled to such Benefit, and shall not

have given Notice of his, her, or their Intention not to claim the Benefit thereof; and if all the Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, so entitled, shall, before the said twenty-fifih Day of March one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine, give Notice to the said Commissioners that they respectively do not intend

to claim such Benefit, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to treat and contra£! with any Person or

Persons not entitled to such Preference, in the same Manner as the said Commissioners might other wise do

after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Consideration to be inserted in any such last-mentioned Con-

trad!, shall be the Transfer of so much Stock at the leaf! in either of the Three Pounds per Centum Annui-

ties, transferable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, unto the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction

of the National Debt, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Taxfotobe

purchased as aforesaid, by one fifth Part thereof, such Transfer to be made within the Period of one Year

from the Time of entering into such last-mentioned Contract, by four Instalments of not less than one

fourth Part of the whole Amount of the Stock to be so transferred as aforesaid, at Intervals of three Months

from each other, and on the respective Days before-mentioned f; the Transfer of such Stock for the first In-

ftalment to be made on such of the said Days as shall happen next after the Time of entering into such lad-

mentioned Contract: Provided always. That it shall be lawful for all such Person or Persons, Bodies, Cor-

porations, or Companies, purchafir.g any such Land 'Fax as aforesaid, to contract and agree with the said

Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Ac!, to transfer the Whole of the Stock

agreed to be transferred, as the Consideration for such Redemption or Purchase at the Time hereinbefore

prescribed for the Transfer of the first Instalment thereof, or. to transfer such Stock in any greater Propor-

tiens, and in any less Number of Instalments, than are hereinbefore prescribed, so as that such Inflalaicnts

shall not be made at a greaterTnterval than throe Months from each other.

-f § 10.

LvCil IJUI1U I CU dll J 11111 v. ly-lllIlC db COlTVC I HCIJLl y IlKl j iIlC v^OJTi lllllilOnCrS TOT tilC ixlftiirS or

the Time being shall cause to be prepared a Schedule or Description in Writing of the Amount

portions of Land fax remaining unfold, in all and every the Counties, Ridings, and Places, in

z'*___^ z? *. ____11__1 / 1 r>____;__________ i o t in .« r>

once, or by

larger Instalments, at not more than three Months* Interval.

After March 25, LXXI. And be it further ena£!, That as soon after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

seven^hundred and ninety-nine as conveniently may be, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for

_ _ # that Part

of Great Britain called England, and th? Receiver General for Scotland (half prepare a like Schedule or

Description for the Land Tax remaining unfold in Scotland, and transinit a Duplicate thereof to the said

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, which said Duplicate shall be deposited in some convenient Office

for the Inspeflion. of any Person or Persons during Office Hours, on Payment of, to the Clerk having the

Custody thereof, the Sum of one Shilling and no more for each Search; and the said Commissioners for

Taxes shall, with the Dire£!ion of the Commissioners of the Treasury, cause the said Schedules, or any

Parts or Proportions thereof, to be from Time to Time published in the Newspapers usually circulated in

the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewattries, and Places, where such Proportions of Land Tax shall be

charged, and shall, in such Advertisements, give Notice of the Times and Places to be appointed for Sale

thereof, or any Parcel or Proportion thereof, in order that all Persons desirous of purchasing such Lmd

Tax may receive the necessary Information-

LXXII. And

1799, Returns

to be made to

Commissioners

of the Taxes of

the I and Tax

remaining un-

fold; such Re-

turns to be pub-

lifticd by the said

Commissioners,

under the Di-

rection of the

Treasury, with

Notice of the

intended Time

and Place of

Sale of such

.Land Tax.

