I

A.D. 179 7.

tricesimo sept

C. 69.

555

thorized

{

qssed in the twenty fifth Year of his prtfent Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three

JVbeels therein mentioned\ for or in respe£l of the several Rates and Ddties on Horses kept for the Purpose of

riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage, in the said Acts respectively mentioned ; and under or

by virtue of the said several A els, passed in the last Session of Parliament, herein-before mentioned, for or in

respect of the several Rates and Duties thereby respectively granted, a further additional Rate or Duty shall

be charged after the Race of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the gross Amount thereof in such

Assessment.

nd be it further enacted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be au-

>r appointed, to put in Execution the several Acts relative to the Rates or Duties under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, on the Amount of which the several

Duties after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, and the several further Duties after the like Rate of ten

Pounds per Centum are hereby imposed, shall be Commissioners for Executing this present Adl; and that the

several Surveyors, Inspectprs, A He fro rs, and Collectors respe£Vively, appointed or to be appointed to put in Exe-

cution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, I nfpcdlors, Assessors, and Col-

legers, to put in Execution this present Adl, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given to them

by the said Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid,duly qualified to act

in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered

and required to do all T hings necessary for putting this Adl in Execution, with relation to the said Duties

hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them are or is’authorized

to put in Execution the said Acts before mentioned, or any of them, or any Matters or Things therein respec-

tively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Receivers General appointed, or who shall be appointed,

to receive the Rates and Duties to be assessed and collected under or by virtue of the said Acts before-

mentioned, shall, without any new Commission or Commissions to be had, obtained, or given, be Receivers

General of the said several Rates or Duties hereby imposed within their respective Diflridts or Collections,

unless other Receivers shall be appointed in pursuance of this Adl, within such Districts or Collections

respectively (such Receiver and Receivers giving such Security for duly answering the said Duties as the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall require); and the said Receivers General being duly qualified

to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned relative to the said former Rates or Duties,

or any of them, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for

Hitting this Adl in Execution, with relation to the said several Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the

ike and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorized to ad in the Execution

of the said former Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any Matters or Things therein respectively

contained. . ‘ ,

V . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for

the Time being, to appoint any Person or Persons other than the Receiver or Receivers of the said former

Rates and Duties, to be the Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Duties by this Adl impoled, within or

for any County, Riding, or Division, as the said Commissioners or the High Treasurer respectively shall

think expedient.

V I. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates or Duties by this Adl imposed upon the Amount of

the several former Rates and Duties hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may be respectively ascertained,

managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which all the former Rates

and Duties on the Amount of which the said Rates or Duties arc by this Adl imposed, or according to such

special Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which such of the former Rates and Duties upon the Amount of

which any of the said additional Rates or Duties may be chargeable by this Adl, were or might be afeer-

tained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said

Rules, Methods, and Directions are expressly varied by this Adl; and all and every the Powers, Autho-

rities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Adl or

Acts of Parliament relative.to the said former Rates and Duties, or any Part of them now in force, (and

not hereby otherwise provided,) for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for

the said Kates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the additional

Rates or Duties by this Adl imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this Adl, shall be in

full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for computing, surcharging, recovering,

paying, and accounting for the several Rates and Duties by this Adl granted, as fully and efredtually to all

intents and Purposes, as if the fame or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Adl.

VII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-seven, the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall commence (rom and after

the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and shall be paid Quarterly in each

Year, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of funitary,

the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by even and

equal Portions, the fit ft Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven. • -

ifwl - 4

ing any Carriage*

or under the Acts

of last Session

before mention-

, a further ad-

ditional Duty of

10I. per Cent,

on the Amount

to be charged.

Commissioners,

Sec. for the Af-

fairs of Taxes,

to put this Act

in Execution.

Receivers Ge-

neral appointed

to recei vr t he

Duties assessed

under the Adc

before mention-

., to receive

the Duties here-

by imposed.

Treasury may

appoint other

Receivers.

Additional Du-

ties to be afeer-

tained, Sec. as

former Duties,

Additional Du-

ties to com-

mence from

April 5, 1797,

and to be paid

Quantity.

VIII. ‘ And

