•C. 4.

0+

Anno triceflmo feptimo Georgii III.

t5ccs of the Peace acting in and for the said Districf, on at

why the Fine dircited to be imposed on’ you in such Cafe should not be adjudged

the Directions of the said Act. Dated th.s Day of

No. 13

A.D. 1796.

to shew Cause

to be levied, according to

-----*0*

FOR M of the Order of Fine\

WHEREAS T. W. and Z. X. the Overseers of the Parish of (or Parishes

of or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to

to wit. ) or or rtaces) have not mace Keturns of the whole iMumDer or ivion appointed to

be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, \Here frtfo*th

the Title of the Act,] for the said Parish of (or Handies, et cetera,) within the I ime limited

to them for doing the fame: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said

Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the District of and have refused to to do, (or appear-

ing before them at the Petty Sessions held on at and being examined by them as

to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers to the Satisfaction of

the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hatn not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Di(obe-

dience to, the Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable; We do hereby, on due Cnnftderation of me

Premises, adjudge rhre said T. IV. and Z. X. the said Overseers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such

Default, and do line the said T. IV. and Z. X. in the Sum of ten Pounds over and above the Sum ofj£.

which we the said fuflices have ascertained, as nearly as may be, to be the Amount which hath been

given on an Average as a Bounty to Men enrolled by virtue of the said Act, within the District of

and by virtue of the Powers vested in us by that Act, do order that the fame be forthwith paid by

them into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of M for the Uses and Purposes of that

Act. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year ot our

Lord

To the Constable of

(or Parishes of

to be raised by virtue

No. 14.

FOR M of Warrant of Distress for Fine

to wit• \

WHEREAS T. W. and Z. X. the Overseers of the Parish of

or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed

of an Order of General Sessions made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here ft forth the Title of the Aclf\

for the said Parish of (or Parches* et cetera) within the Time limited to them for doing the

fame : And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace

acting in and for the Diflridt of and have refuled so to do, (or, appearing before them at

the Petty Sessions held on at and being examined by them as to the Cause of

such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices

aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the

Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers vtfted in us by the

said Act, we did adjudge the said T. W and Z. X. to be guilty ot having wilfully made such Default, and ac-

cordingly did fine the said T. IV* and Z. X as such Overseers of the said Parish, in the Sum of

for such their Default, which Sum hath not forthwith been paid; these are therefore to command you to levy

the said Sum of £. by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. W. and Z. X.; and if

within the Space of next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum of £.

together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, that then you

do fell the said Goods and Chattels io by you cmirained, and ut of the Money arising by fuen Sale, that you

do pay the said Sum of £. into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of

for the Uses and Purposes of that Act, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, unto them

the said T. IV- and Z. X. the reasonable Charges of keeping and felling the said Distress being first detfudted j

and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goo is and Chattels of the said T. IV. and Z. X whereon

that then you certify the fame to us, together with the Return of

to levy the said Sum of

this Precept. Herein fail not.

in the Year of our Lord

Given under our Hands and Seals the

Day of

No. .15* f

FOR M of Order of levy ing Rate on Inhabitant or Inhabitants%

To the Overseers of the Parish of

jW—— 7 WHEREAS T. IV. and Z X the Overseers of the Parish of (or Parishes ot*

J or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be

raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [HereJet fer ./• the

Title of the Acly] for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera) within the Time limited

to

