5*4

C. 25.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Prosecutions so

be heard and de-

termined by the

General Quar-

ter Sessions for

the Tower Li-

berties.

Peace Officers

to obey the

Order of the

justices of the

ifaid Li

Justices may aft*

though they are

Deputy Lieu-

tenants or Of-

ficers.

Appeal may be

made to the

General Quarter

Sessions, within

three Months,

giving ten Days’

Notice.

Proceedings not

to be quashed

for Want of

Form, or re-

moveable into

any Court.

24 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to ex-

tend to this Act.

who shall sue for the same; and in every such Action, Suit, or Information, the Proof of his Qualification

shall be upon the Person against whom the fame is brought.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Indictments and Prosecutions for any Offence committed

within any Part of the said Tower Hamlets, relating to the said Militia Laws, or to any Offence committed

against this Act, or in disobeying the Order or Orders of the Justice or Justices of the Peace herein-after

mentioned, shall be preferred before, and heard and determined by the Justices assembled at some General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said Liberties of the Tower, or the major Part of them

so afiembled, and not elsewhere; which said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame,

and to make and give such Order and Judgment therein, and to influSt such Punishment in consequence

thereof, as in the like Cafes by Law'is now used or directed; and all High and Petty Constables and other

Peace Officers, of and for all and every or any Part of the said Tower IIa?nlets, are hereby directed and re-

quired to execute all and every Order and Orders of the said Justices, in all or any of the Premises afore-

said. SR#

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Summons, Warrant, Conviction, Order, Judgment,

or other Matter or Thing, in the Execution of this Act, or of the said Militia Laws, be so made and done by

the Justice and Justices of the Peace for the Tower Liberties, who are hereby empowered and directed to

hear and determine the fame, and to make such Summons, Warrant, Conviction, Order, Adjudication, and

Judgment therein as to Law doth appertain, all and every the High and Petty Constables, and other Peace

Officers aforesaid,are hereby directed to obey the Order of the said Justice and Justices therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Li-

berties may ad in the Execution of the Premises aforesaid, notwithstanding he may be a Deputy Lieute-

nant of the said Hamlets or Officer in the said Militia; and that any such Justice of the Peace for the said

Liberties of the Towery dwelling or being within the said Hamlets, may Act for the said Liberties irt the

Execution of this Act, or in any other Cafe whatsoever relating to the said Militia Laws at any Place within

the said Hamlets. JcflRsJ

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves ag-

grieved, by the Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, he, she, or they may appeal to the

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said Liberties, or any Adjournment

thereof, within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall arifc, such Appellant

first giving ten Days Notice in Writing to the Justice or Justices by whose Act or Acts such Person or Per-

fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, of his, her, or their Intention to appeal, and at the

fame Time entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of ;the Peace for the said Liberties, with two

sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall

be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; which said Justices at or in such Sessions, or at any Adjourn-

ment thereof, or at any subsequent Sessions, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the en-

tering into such Recognizance, shall and are hereby empowered to hear and determine the causes and Matters

of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against,

and to make such Order and Orders therein as the said Justices shall think necessary; which said Determina-

tien shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that no

Proceedings to be had or taken by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, shall be

vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable into any Court by Certiorari, or

other Writ or Process whatsoever.

4

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

Plaintiff not to

recover Costs,

ror more than

than Two-

pence Damages,

where Injury was

Public Act.

Central Saving.

^ r j-----1-----7 — --- —#—7 —-----o— a

and other Persons whatsoever, acting under the Authority or in the Execution of this Act, or inanywife aul-

Lng or assisting therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any Action or

Suit brought, after Notice shall have been given pursuant to the said Statute, and it shall not appear to the

Court that the Injury complained of was maliciously done, the Plaintiff' shall recover no Costs, nor more

than Two-pence Damages. . v

not maliciously done. >' V#*f*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and be

taken Notice of, and allowed in all Courts whatsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

XX. Saving always, to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the Con-

stable or Lieutenant of the said Hamlets for the Time being, and the Officers and Ministers of the fame, cr

of any Part thereof, and to the Governor of the Fort of the Tower for the Time being, and the Officers and

Ministers of the fame, and to all other Person and Persons whatsoever, all Jurisdictions, Powers, Privileges,

Exemptions, and Immunities whatsoever, belonging r;r heretofore used or enjoyed.

CAP.

