788

77 Geo. 3. c. 10.

and 35 Geo. 3.

. c. 56.

35 Geo. 3. e 56.

to continue in

force till March

1799-

14 Gee. 3. c 42.

Recited A(\ re-

vived and conti-

nued to June 1,

1799-

No Silver Bul-

lien to be coined,

nor any Silver

Coin delivered.

Rerfons who de-

livered Silver to

he coined pre-

vious to May 9,

1798, to receive

the Value as if

coined.

Act may be al-

tered or repealed

lids Session.

C. 58, 59,60. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by two Acts,

4 made in the twenty-seventh and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, the said first-mentioned

4 Act was further continued and amended: And whereas it is expedient* that the said last-mentioned Act

1 should be further continued ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said A61, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the twentysixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for the more effe final Encouragement of the British

4 Fisheriesy and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, (nail continue and be in force until

the first Day of Alarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine-

CAP. LIX. • i

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, videlicet, on the thirteenth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation

of Light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or

Ireland 5 and to restrain the Fender thereof beyond a certain Sum •> and to suspend the

. Coining of Silver.—[*2ift June 1798.] * -m

4 \ T 7 HERE AS an Act was passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

4 VV An Act to prohibit the Import at ion of Light Silver Coin, of this Realms from Foreign Countries,

4 into Great Britain or Ireland ; ana to refrain the Fender thereof beyond a certain Sum ; which Act was to

4 continue in force for a limited Time, and is now expired: And whereas it is proper, under the present

4 Circumstances, that the said Act should be revived and further continued be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and

after the parting of this Act, the said Act, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the fame is hereby

revived, and shall continue and be in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine. _ ‘’•% Li /.ri-

ll. 4 And whereas his Majesty has appointed a Committee of his Privy Council to take into Considera-

4 tien the State of the Coins of this Kingdom, and the present Establishment and Constitution of his Ma.

• jesty’s Mint, and Inconvenience may arise from any Coinage of Silver, until such Regulations may be

4 framed as shall appear necessary : And whereas, from the present low Price of Silver Bullion, owing to

* temporary Circumstances, a small Quantity of Silver Bullion has been brought to the Mint to be coined,

4 and there is Reason to suppose that a still further Quantity may be brought, and it is therefore necessary

4 to suspend the Coining of Silver for the present ;* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the parting

of this Act, no Silver Bullion shall be coined at the Mint, nor shall any Silver Coin that may have been

coined there be delivered ; any Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who delivered Silver at the Mint for the Purpose of the

fame being coined, previous to the ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall

be entitled to receive from the Officers of his Majesty’s Mint, such a Sum for each Pound Weight thereof,

as shall be equal to the full Value of the Coin into which the Bullion would have been converted, if the

fame had been coined according to the Regulations of the Mint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, during the present

Session of Parliament. ) \ 'ugJH

CAP. LX. V ? * ‘

An Act for making perpetual, subject: to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein

stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One

Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight.— [21ft June 1798.]

WHEREAS it may materially conduce to (Lengthening and supporting the Public Credit, and to

augmenting the National Resources at this important Conjuncture, that the Duty now payable for

one Year on Land should be made perpetual, but subject to Redemption and Purchase, on transferringto

the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt a certain Proportion of Capital Stock, in the

Manner hereinafter stated be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

<•’ - ' assembled,

