70

Assessments

may be recover-

by Distress.

Where there is

no Evidence of

the Relit of

Lands, -AfftflT-

mems-to be

made according

to the Land

Tax j and where

there are no a&-

ing Justices, the

Justices may

add together

two or more

l’arifhes for

raising Men,

Sec.

The Charge for

raising Mtn

inaParish lying

in two Counties

to be made in

that where the

Church is Situ-

ated, See.

Penalty on Re-

gulating Officer

and Procurator

Fifcal for Ncg-

Icft.

Orders of She-

riffs, See. final.

Magi ft rates

within a limited

Time to take

Measures for le-

vying Men, and

maytlevy Mon:y

to pay Bounties.

If the Comple-

ment of Men is

nor raised with-

in a limited

Time, the Ma-

gi ft rates to af-

fels the He-

ritors and Inha-

bitants lor tile

Deficiency.

ft

C. 29. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795’

Pofieflors of such Parish, in a Moiety of the Sum so paid, to be levied in the same Manner as they arc em-

powered to do by the a fore said Acts of the Parliament of Scotland.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay his, her, or their

Proportion of the Sum or Sums so afleffcd or imposed, within the Time appointed for Payment thereof, the

fame shall, upon a Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the Shire or Stewartry, or his Substitute,

by the Procurator Fifcal of the County or Stewartry, be recovered and rendered eftedlual by Distress and

Sale of the Effects of the Person or Persons refusing or delaying fb to pay.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where there is not sufficient Evidence

of the valued Relit of Lands, the Apportionments and Assessments hereby directed shall be made according

to the customary Payment of the Cess or Land Tax, or in such other Way as to the Justices of the Peace of

each Shire or Stewartry, assembled as aforesaid, shall seem best; and in case there be no acting Justice of the

Peace within any District, the Duty and Powers by this Act made incumbent on or given to the Justices

shall be performed and exercised by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such District, and the Duties of the

Clerk of the Peace by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, or his Deputies.

Sheriff Depute to act, Sec.

;s to add

____, __________ __________, Wm ^ umber of

Men in pursuance of this Act, so as to make the Charge as equal, and impartial, and convenient as possible;

and the Hertford of the Parishes so added together, or their Agents, shall proceed to raise the Proportion of

Men allotted for the fame, and to raise the Money necefl'ary; and all the other Proceedings directed by this

Act shall take place in like Manner as if the Parishes so joined did originally or by Law form but one Parish ;

and the Justices shall, in the Cafe of such Jundtion, direct where the Heritors of the Parishes joined shall

n -:et; and the said Heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the Place so appointed accordingly,

by themselves or their Agents.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish lies in two or more Counties or Stewartries, the

Charge imposed on such Parish for raising Men for his Majesty’s Service by this Act shall be in the Shire or

Stewartry where the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and the Whole of such Parish shall, for the

Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of the said Shire or Stewartry, and all the Money to be levied for or in

respect of such Parish, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to and recovered by the Officers of the

fame.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regulating Officer shall fail to make

his Certificate, and tocause Copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before directed, he shall for every such

Failure be liable in the Penalty of thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings, to be recovered by summary Complaint

made by the Procurator Fifcal of the County or Stewartiy to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute ; and in case the

Procurator Fifcal shall fail in his Duty in any of the Articles before-mentioned, then he shall be liable in a

Penalty of thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings for each Failure, to be recovered by a summary Complaint to

the Sheriff or Stewart Depute by the Regulating Officer, the Collector of the Land Tax, or any Heritor of

the Parish.

XII. And be it further enacted. That the Orders or Decrees of the Sheriffs or Stewarts Depute, and of

the Justices of the Peace in any of the Cafes before mentioned, and in all Proceedings held under this Act,

shall be final and conclusive as to all Parties, and shall not be removable by Bill of Suspension, Advocation, or

any other Form or Process of Law, into any superior or other Court whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates of the several Cities,

Royal Burghs, and Towns, in this Act mentioned, except the Burghs and Towns to the Northward of

Invernefsy shall within ten Days after the naffing of this Act, and the Magistrates of the several Burghs

and Towns in this Act mentioned, situated North of Inverness, shall, within twenty-five Days after passing

of the fame, or sooner if it can be done, take such Measures as shall seem to them most expedient for levy-

ing the Number of able-bodied Men, according to the Proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said

Cities, Royal Burghs, and Towns ; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorized to levy from the He-

ritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of such Cities, Burghs, and Towns, a Sum not exceeding twenty-five

" - " - * 1 " * r-----r-----A1-,“,-:td,

by

1

Magistrates

neglecting to

the fame Proportions, as the Cess, Stent, and other Public Burdens and Contributions are in Use and by Law

assessed and levied in such Cities, Burghs, and Towns respectively ; and the Men so levied shall be delivered

over by the said Magistrates to the Regulating Officer appointed to act for that Place in Manner aforesaid.

XIv. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, or

Towns, shall not have raised its full Complement of Men accepted of by the Regulating Officer within fif-

teen Days after they are herein-before directed to take Measures for that End, then the said Magistrates shall

ftent and assess the Heritors and Inhabitants in a Sum equal to twenty-five Pounds for each Man deficient,

and shall levy the Sum so assessed in the same Manner, and according to the fame Proportions, that the Cefc

and other Public Contributions are in LTfe to be levied by Law in such City, Burgh, or 1 own, and the said

Sum shall be paid to the Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, or where there is no Collector of

the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, then to the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry within

which such City, Burgh, or Town is situated, to answerand pay the Bounty Money given to Men levied to

supply the Deficiency, until the whole Number allotted lor such City, Burgh, or 1 own shall be completed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities,^ Burghs, or Towns, shall

neglect or refuse to alibis and ftent the Heritors and Inhabitants thereof for the Sums ot Money fjr which

JWJ. 4 such,

