xlviii

The TITLES of

unto Herring's Clappers. in the Parish of Twine ham, in

the said County.

54; An Act for further continuing for thirty-eight Years the

Term granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth. Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Secondly for

continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of

Ale and Beer fold in the City of Edinburgh, and Places ad-

jacent, for the Purposes therein mentioned ; and for explain-

ing and amending the said Act.

55. An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more

effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An

4 Act for the due making of Breads and to regulate the Price

' 4 and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adul-

4 terate Mealy Flour, or Bread? so far as the fame relates

to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of

London, and the Liberties thereof and within the Weekly

Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Ex-

. change.

56. An Act for continuing until the first Day of June one

thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, parted

in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of

Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of Lon-

don and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock

and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed

for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of

Great Britain.

58. An Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting

the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court

of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County

Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of

the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold

an Annual General Session, and also a Special Session, for

the Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing,

lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public

Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmcfhury,

in the County of WiltSy and the Avenues leading into the

fame; and for removing and ‘preventing Nuisances, An-

noyances, and Obflrudtions therein.

60. An Act for making and maintaining a new Sewer,

upon Little Tower Hilly within the County of Mid-

dJfex. '

61. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of

an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and

improving the Entrance into the City of London, near

Temple Baryfor making a more commodious Street or Pqff-

a*e at Snow Hill, and for raifng9 on the Credit of the Or-

pban's Fundy a Sum of Money for those Purposes.

62. An Act for authorizing the Trustees therein named, to

raise Money by Rates or Assessments, within the Parish of

Saint Petery in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Albany

in the County of Hertfordy for the better and more ef-

fedlually discharging Annuities, heretofore granted to cer-

tain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing

the Church belonging to the said Parish.

63. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the

‘Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes,

Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Terri-

the. STATUTES, ,

tories, of Beveflevy Saint John of Beverley, G rev chilly

SandholmCy Stork hilly Molefcrofty Leckonfieldy Arruniy Sc or-

broughy Lockingtony Ayke9 Befwicky Wiifholmey Kilnwicky

Wattony Hutton-Cranjwicky Rotfeay Featherholme, Skerney

Brigham y Fijhhohney Nasser forty LowiborpCy Harphamy

Little Kelky Foftony Burton-AgneSy Granfmoory Liffety

BarmfloKy JJlram otherwise Owram9 Skipfeoy Dringhoey

Beefordy North Frodinghamy Brandes-Burton, Moor-Towny

Lcveny Emmotlandy HemfiholmCy Gocdhill House, and Strun-

cheon Hilly all in the East Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge

over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the

Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of South-

ampton, and for making a Road from the said Town to the

said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road

leading from West End to Botley, in the County of South-

ampton.

65. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the 7 erm, and altering the Powers, of two several Acts,

the one pafl' in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other

'in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

iefly, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads

leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chil-

ton Pondy and from the Top of Hinkfev Hill to Foxcombe

Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdony in the

County of Berksy so far as the fame relate to the Oxford

Diflridt of the said Roads therein mentioned.

66. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and

improving the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Glou-

cejlery to and through Alalmejbury, to the Churchway in

Lower Stanton Fieldy in the County of WiltSy there to

join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge

to Lower Stanton aforesaid ; and from Malmesbury to the

Turnpike Road at or near jackament's Bottomy in the said

County of Gloucester ; and also the Road from Farring-

don to Crickladey from thence to Malmejbury, and to the

T urnpike Road at Aftoti Turville; and also from Sher-

stone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath ;

and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving

several other Roads communicating therewith.

67. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

and rendering more efiedlual, several Acts for repairing

the Road from the Golden Farmer near Bagftjoty in the

County of Surrey9 to Hertford-Bridge Hilly in the County

of Southamptotiy and from thence to Basingflokc and Qdt-

hamy both in the said County of Southampton; and for re-

pairing and widening the Road from the Southern Ex-

tremity of Northwarnborou^h Lane near Odiham aforesaid,

over Northwarnborough Commony Hook Common,* and

Bartley Heathy and through the Parishes of Rotherivicki%

Mattingley, and Heckfieldy to a Place called the Bull Inn

in the Parish of Swalloivfield, on the Turnpike Road lead-

ing from the Town of Readingy in the County of Berksy to

Basing ft ok e aforesaid.

68. An Act for the better Government and Regulation of

the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at

Shrewfbury, in the County of Salop.

69- An Act for separating the two Parishes, called The Out

Parish of Saint Philip and Jacoby and The Parish of Saint

14 George9

