2 26

made out agree-

able to 35 Geo.

111. Cap. i, ex-

cept as hereby

excepted:

The Powers of

which Act to

exttndt© this.

Bills to bear In-

ti reit not ex-

ceeding 3d. per

Cent, per Diem,

and to be pay-

able July 5,

1796.

Bills not to he

received for any

Duty, &c.

before the Day

appointed for

their Payment,

See*

Commissioners

appointed.

Commissioners

to take the

following

Oath.

CommlifioRers

may meet,

appointOflicerr,

allow Salaries,

administer

Oaths, &c.

C. 127. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, tocaufc

or directany Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty’s Exchequer, containing different

Sums of one hundred Pounds and fifty Pounds, in the lame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and

according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, (except where other Directions for making out the fame

are contained and particularly expressed in this Act,) as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,

and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, are enacted and prescribed

concerning the Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the faiu Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said recited Act, relating to the Exchequer Bills

authorized to be made by the fame Act, (except as herein-after mentioned,) shall be applied and extended

to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if the fame Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said recited Act, or as if the said

several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may

bear an Inrereft, not exceeding the Rate of three Pence per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the

Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that the Whole cf such Bills shall be made paya-

ble on the fifth Day of july one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that the principal Sums

contained in such Bills, together with such Interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date

of each such Bill, until the Time by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged

at the Time appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill to be made out by virtue of this

Act shall, after the fame hath been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards at any Time, before the Day on

which such Exchequer Bill is hereby appointed to be paid, received or taken by, or pals or be current with,

any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax

whatever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefl’ors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer,

from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

(otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Exchequer Bill in case the

fame shall be in due Course or Order of Payment,) before the said Day hereby appointed for Payment

thereof, nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said Day of Payment

thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill

which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained agaiolt

any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refuting to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready

Money before the said Day of Payment thereof; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or this Act,

contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable Henry Hobart, the Right Honourable Charles

Town fiend. Sir William Pulteney Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Sir Francis

Baring Baronet; Richard Muilman Trench Chiswell, John William Anderson, William Curtis, Charles

Grant, Jcfcph Nutt, Robert Hunter, Thomas Plummer, Gabriel Tucker Steward, and Benjamin Savage,

Esquires, shall be, and are hereby constituted Commissioners for advancing and lending to any Person or

Persons connected with or trading to the said Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, or either of them, upon

the Securities and under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein mentioned, the

Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively

required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any P'ce, Reward,

Emolument, or Gratuity whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any two of the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they

enter upon the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the

Mailer of the Rolls, for the Time being, which they, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and

required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say,

‘ J A. B. do swear that I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers andTrufts veiled in me

‘ by an Act, intituled, [herefet forth the Title of the Aft\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the

« said Act.’ . - ‘

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the fame Oath before ^ie

said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, after they shall

themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid. - .»

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power to

meet and fit from Time to Time in futh Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without

Adjournment; and they shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and so many Clerks, Brokers,

Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet, and allow to such Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Mcf-

fengers, and Others, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury for

the Time being, in Writing under their Hands, such reasonable Salaries as the said Com mi (Boners, ap-

pointed by this Act, shall think meet; and shall and may employ a Solicitor, and allow to such Soliciior

such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable for his Care and Labour; and shall

and may give and administer to such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, and Officers, respectively, an

Oath, for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in

them by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises, and from Time to Time, at

their Discretion, difraifs and discharge such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers, and other

% Officers,

