ii5

A.D.

*795

ving Annoying tricefnno quin to Georgii III.

C. 62.

-----.----- * ... * . , 1^.115) w. »umvu, 1.V# lUVll ^UUI

4 ters], was [or were] lubicribed, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letter [or Letters] by me, or by my

He it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty’s

Poftmfter General, or any Person or Persons authorized and empowered by him, in Writing under his

Hand, to administer an Oath or Oaths to the Person or Persons Applying for the Return of any such Letters

is aforesaid, according to one of the Forms herein-after mentioned ; (that is to say,)

4 A. B. do swear, [07*, being one of the People collect Quakers, I A. B. do solemnly affirm,] That I did

4 1 write or sign or fend the Letter [or Letters] now claimed by me to be returned, to the Post Office;

* indthat the Name [_$r Names] subscribed in Writing, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letter [or Let-

DircSion.

Or,

t A. B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, I A. B. do solemnly affirm,] That I am

* duly authorized by [C. D. life, as the Cafe may be] to receive the Letter [or Letters]

now claimed to be returned to me, on Behalf of the said [C. D. t?c. ns the Cafe may be] ;

and that the said [6'. D. &c. ar the Cafe may be] did, to the best of my Knowledge and Be-

lief, write or sign or fend the fame to the Poll Office ; and that the Name [or Names] subscribed in

Writing, printed, set, or affixed, to such Letter [or Letters] was [or were], according to the best of my

Knowledge or Belief, so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed, by or by the Authority of the said

[C. D. hfc, as the Cafe may be],9

2 Or,

J A. B. do swear, [or, being one (f the People called Quakers, I A, B. do solemnly affirm,] That I did re-

ceive the Letter [or Letters] now applied for by me to be returned, and now produced and shewn unto

me, from my Correspondent [or Correspondcnts], who resides [07* refute] in Parts beyond the Seas, for

the Purpose of being forwarded by me by the Post from London unto the United Provinces; and that I did

4 write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorled, upon such Letter [or Letters] the Words and Fi-

4 sures which now appear to be written or indorsed thereon; and that I did put, or cause to be put, such

4 Letter [or Letters] into the General Post Office in London, i

in order to be forwarded by the Post unto the

said United Provinces,'

V. 4 And inasmuch as, in the Execution of this present Act, it may happen that some of the Persons

* who may apply for the Return of Letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise Forms hereby di-

4 reeled, and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths in the exact Form or Forms of Words hereby re-

4 quired 10 be taken, on which Account the Postmaster General cannot, under the Restrictions herein-be-

4 /ore contained, return all the Letters contained in the said Mails which shall be applied for to be returned,

4 notwithstanding that the Persons so applying may be well entitled to receive back such Letters, and that

4 the true Intent and meaning of this Act is, that they should be enabled so to receive them :* For Remedy

whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in any Cafe where such Difficulty shall occur,

it shall and may be lawful to or for any one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or

Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize, the Postmaster General to

open 2nd return any such I .etter or Letters, for which Application shall be made to be returned, and which

cannot be returned under the Forms and Restrictions herein- before contained,- upon such Person or Persons

identifying the Letter or Letters, and making Oath iji such Manner and Form as in such respective War-

rant or Warrants shall be required and expressed ; and the Postmaster General is hereby empowered and

required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions, and to administer, or cause to

be administered, such Oath and Oaths as shall, in such respective Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or

contained; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be con-

victed of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cates in which Oaths are required to be taken by virtue

of this Act, or in any Cafe wherein an Oath or Oaths shall, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under

the Hand and Seal of such Principal Secretary of State, be authorized and required to be taken, every such

Person so taking a false Oath shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful

and corrupt Perjury.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the

conn ary notwithstanding. That neither the said Postmaster General, nor any such Officer or Servant as

aforesaid, shall be liable to any Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding, or be liable to

or incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Incapacitation, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done,

or forborne to be done, by virtue and under the Authority of and according to this’present Act, or in the Ex-

ecution of the fame, or of the Authorities herein contained, or any of them, or in relation thereto, or in

pursuance of the Dircdtion and Authority of such Principal Secretary of State, to be given in Manner herein-

before mentioned ; but that all such Actions, Suits, Indictments, Informations, Proceedings, Penalties, For-

feitures, and Incapacitations, shall be, and are hereby abfolutciy discharged.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or l imes, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any 'Thing by him or them done or executed, in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall

and may plead the General liTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if,

upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be-

come nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. * T ; '

■FT cl*

Oaths.

Secretary of

State may au-

thorize the De-

livery of Let-

ters, though the

Persons apply-

ing cannot

comply with

the prescribed

Forms.

Penalty on Per-

fons taking

false Oaths.

Postmaster Ge-

neral, Sec. not

liable to any Pe-

nalty for acting

under this Act.

Persons prose-

cuted may plead

the Gential

lfluc.

Treble Costs.

IX. And

