822

C. 63.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

grant Licences

for three

Months for the

Importation

into the Port of

Douglas, of

10,©co Ga Ions

of Foreign

Brandy, and a

like Quantity of

Geneva, in one

Year,in British-

but no such

Brandy or Ge-

neva to be im-

ported, except

in Calks of not

left than 100

ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England,

or any three of them, ro grant their Licence, to be in force for three Months from the Date thereof, for the

Importation from any Port or Place whatever into the Port of Douglas, in the lfle of Man, but to no other, in

British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, and not oflefs Burthen than fifty

Tons, of any Quantity of Foreign Brandy, not exceeding ten thousand Gallons in any one Year, and also

of any Quantity of Foreign Geneva, not exceeding ten thousand Gallons in any one Year; and that on the

Importation, under the Licences as aforesaid, of any such Brandy or Geneva into the said Port of Douglas,

in the IJJe of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the following Duties; videlicet. For

every Gallon of Foreign Brandy, the Sum of three Shillings ; and for every Gallon of Foreign Geneva,

the Sum of three Shillings ; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

built Vessels, of not less than 50 Tons \ 3s. per Gallon to be paid on Importation ;

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be imported

into the lfle of Man, by Licence as aforesaid, except in Calks, which shall contain one hundred Gallons

each at the lead, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy or Geneva, and of the Ship or Vefiel in which

the fame shall be imported : Provided also, That no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be imported into the

Isle of Man as aforesaid, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one to nine over Hydro-

Gallons, and of nieter Proof, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy or Geneva.

a certain Strength, on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall, upon any Pretence whatever,

be removed or carried coastwise in the said ]Jh of Man, or shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or

Vefiel, in order to be so removed or carried coastwise, unless in the Package in which the fame was origin-

ally imported into the said island, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or

Vefiel on board of which the fame shall be shipped or laden, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and rur-

wife, unless in niture. * * v $ \

the original Package, on Forfeiture thereof and of the Ship, &c.

^ _j 1 m -

V. 4 And whereas the Quantity of forty thousand Pounds Weight of Tobacco, allowed to be annually

4 exported to the I/Je of Man, undtr the Authority of an Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and granting new

4 Duties in lieu thereof, is found to be iniufiicient for the Coniiimption of the Inhabitants of the said island \

be it therefore further enabled, 'That, from and after the tenth Day of October in each Year, it shall and

may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any three of them, to

grant their Licence for the Exportation from any Port in England, where Tobacco is allowed by Law to

be imported and warehoused, into the Port of Douglasx in the Ijle of Man, but to no other, i 11 British-

built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, and not of less Burthen than fifty Tuns,

of any Quantity of Tobacco not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds Weight in any one Year, instead and in

lieu of the Quantity allowed to be exported by virtue of the said recited Act; and tirat on the Importation

of any Tobacco into the Port of Douglas, in the Ijle of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collated, and

paid, instead and in lieu of the Duty now due and payable on such Tobacco so imported, a Duty of Sixpence

per Pound Weight; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

No Foreign

Brandy or Ge-

neva to be re-

moved in the

lfle of Man, or

carried coilt -

From Oft. 10,

yearly, Com-

milTioners of

Customs in

England may

grant Licences

for the Import-

ation of

60,000 lbs. of

Tobacco into

the Port of

Douglas, in

IJiitish built

Vciftls of not

left than 50

Tons, instead

of the Quantity

allowed by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. 6d. per lb. to be paid instead of the Duty now payable

From July 5,

3798, Com-

mtftioners of

the Customs in

England may

grant Licences

to continue two

Months for the

Importation

into the Port of

Douglas, of 70

Tons of Wine in one Year, in British-built Vessels, &c. exceeding 50 Tons Burthen;

and he fle’es the

Duty now pay-

able on Wine, a

further Duty of

81. per Ton

/hall be paid.

No Wine to

VI. 4 And whereas it is expedient to impose an additional Duty on Wine imported into the lfle of Man,

‘ as well as to limit the Quantity of Wine to be imported into the said Blind to an annual Allowance ade-

4 quate to the Consumption of the Inhabitants thereofbe it therefore enacted, That, from and after the

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any three of them, to grant their Licence, (such

Licence to continue in force for two Months,) for the Importation from any Port or Place whatever into the

Port of Douglas, in the lfle of Man, but to no other, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and regis-

tered, according to Law, and which shall exceed the Burthen of fifty Tons, of any Quantity of Wine, not

exceeding seventy Tons in any one Year.

so imported

except by Li-

cence, nor »n

Calks less than

a Hogshead,

nor shall it be

^carried coast-

VII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, over and above the Duties now due and payable on the Importation of Wine into the lfte

of Man, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a further Duty of eight Pounds for every Ton of

Wine, containing two hundred and fifty two Gallons, imported into the Ijle of Man, by Licence, as afore-

said ; and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.,

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no Wine shall be imported into the lfle of Man, except by Licence

from the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England ns aforesaid, nor in any Cask or Package less

than a Hogshead, on Forfeiture of all such Wine, and of the Ship or Vefiel in which the fame shall be im-

ported : Provided also. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, no Wine shall be carried coastwise in the Ijle of Man> except in the original Calk or Package in

5 which

