A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed; and the Chief Resident Magistrate of each are to be pro-

Burgh or Town is in like Manner to produce and deliver over at such Place of Rendezvous, on such Day by the

a> the Regulating Officer shall notify, such Volunteer or Volunteers apportioned on each, or in Default J-Y ^be paid

thereof to be liable as aforesaid in the Penalty of twenty-five Pounds for each Man deficient, to be levied, for each Man

recovered, and applied, as herein directed. deficient.

Chief Magistrates to be liable in 25L for each Man not produced.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any

Thing lone in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months after the

Fact committed, and not afterwards. -

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Limitation of

Actions.

A

Act may be al-

tered or repeal-

this Session.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper* and for repealing a certain Exception as for as relates to

Bonds given as Security for the Payment of one hundred Pounds or under, contained

in an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.—[28th April 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign, . I

\X7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 ” assembled, towards railing the necefl'ary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

4 cafioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

4 to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 M?jetty the Duties herein after mentioned ;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlenc

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and

far the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several new and additional Stamp Duties following

that is to say,

From July

the following

additional Du-

ties to be paid:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Affidavit shall be

ingroilcd, written, or printed, for which the Stamp Duty of six Pence is payable by virtue of an Act made

in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, there shall be charged the additional Stamp Duty

of six Pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy of such

Affidavit as is before charged, that shall be filed or read in any Court, shall be ingross', written, or printed,

there shall be charged the additional Stamp Duty of six Pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or Witnesses, taken in any Cause

or Suit before the Court of Sessions, or Commission of Fiends, or Court of Admiralty in Scotland, or Com-

mifLry Court of Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court in Scotland, or whereupon any

Affidavit or written Deposition, produced in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be ingrossed, written,

or printed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of six Pence:

For every Skm or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any original Writ, (except such Original upon which a Writ of Capias

iifucs,) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex. Latitat, Writ of Capias, Quommus, Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem to

take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other

Process or Mandate that shall ifl’ue out or pass the Great Seals of any of the Courts at IVeJbninfler, Courts

of Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea,

where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings, or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that

Value, (Writs of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for fullering Common Recoveries, and

Writs of Habeas Corpus, always excepted,) there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling:

F or every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Agree-

ment shall be ingrossed, written, or primed, for which the Stamp Duty of six Shillings is payable by virtue

of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, there shall be charged

an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

r-g!oiled, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a

Sump Duty of one Shilling is payable by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-third 'tear of the Reign of

his present Majesty, there Itiall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling:

And for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingroilcd, writ en, or printed, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of AJmimftrarion, for any Estate of or

a - ne t;,c Value of one thousand Pounds, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed

thereon, there shall be charged a further additional Duty of two Pounds and ten Shillings and where the

35 Geo. 111. L . Estate

Affidavits for

which 6d. is

payable by Act

32 Geo. II. 6d.

Copies of such

Affidavits read

in Court, 6d.

Depositions '

taken before the

Courts of Sef-

fions, &c. 6d.

Original Writs

(except where

a Writ of Ca-

pias issues) Sub-

poena, &c. 1 s.

Agreement for

which 6s. are

payable by Act

23 Geo. III. i s.

Indentures, Arc.

for which i s. is

payable by Act

23 Geo. 11J. 1 s.

Additional Du-

ties on Probates

ot Wj.ls, or

Letter of Ad-

miiUtration.

