A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii. III. C. .103

605

IV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may from Time to Time signify his Pleasure

Lieutenant, to displace any Deputy Lieutenant or Commissioned Officers in the Militia appointed

$ V I S v - A A « A a a — —

Lieutenant to

appoint* Clerk

foK General

Meetings;

and Deputy

Lieutenants one

for Diilr<&s.

His Majesty

may authorize

three Deputies

to act when

the Lieutenant

is out oi the

be no Lieutenant.

Revocation of

the Lieutenant*

Com mi hi on not

to vacate those

granted by him.

Rank of die

Officers>.

Qualification of

Oificers, except

within Edin-

burgh and its

Liberties.

to his Lieutenant to

w.wuivii vo vii|Macv- any ivcpuiy uicuiuraiu ui vuiilllfllllUHCU wuKcii ui me ivi 111114 appointed by the d,fplacc

Lieutenant, and thereupon the Lieutenant shall displace such Deputy Lieutenant or Offkeis accord- ^whenhi*

Majesty so pleases*

V. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s Lieutenant for any County, Stewartry, or Place, may

■ and shall appoint a Cleric for the General Meetings Within such County, Stewartry, or Place, and may displace

such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants, at their first

Meeting within their respective Subdivilidns or Diilriols, or the major Part of them piefent, may and shall

appoint a Cleik tpr their Subdivision or District, and may, at any other Meeting within their Subdivision or

District, displace such Clerk, if they, or the major Part of them present, (hull think fit, and appoint another

in his Room. -

VI- And be it further enacted, That when the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or other

Place, shall be out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or when there shall be no Lieutenant, it shall be law-

ful for his Majesty to authorize any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place,

to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, which might lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant; and

the fame shall be good and valid in the Law as if done by the said Lieutenant himself.

JJ BG Kingdom, or when there shall

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Commission cf any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission

of any Officer of the Militia already granted, or to be granted by any Lieutenant, shall be vacated by reason

of toe Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant was

appointed. J

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed

as hereinafter directed, shall rank with the Officers of such of his Majesty’s Forces as are liable to serve out

of Great Britain as youngest of their Rank. ,

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of Militia in pursuance of

this Act (except within the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties) shall be qualified as follows; that is to say,

every Person so to be appointed a Colonel or Lieutenant Colonel shall be pofldled of an Estate in Property of

four hundred Pounds Scots valued Relit in Scotland, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be

possessed of an Ellate of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Relit as aforesaid; and each Person so to be ap-

pointed a Major or Captain shall be in like Manner possessed of an Estate of three hundred Pounds Scots of

valued Relit, or shall fie Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be possessed of an Estate of three hundred

Pounds Scots of valued Relit as aforesaid. or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the

Time of his Death w;as, in like Manner possessed of an Estate of four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Relit as

aforesaid, or shall be possessed of a Personal Ellate alone to the Amount of two thousand Pounds Sterling, or

shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Perional Ellate

alone to the Amount of two thouLnd Pounds Sterling; and that each Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant

or Ensign shall be in like Manner possessed of an Estate of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Relit, or

shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death w*as, in like Manner possessed of an

Estate of three hundred Pounds Sects of valued Relit as aforesaid, or shall be possessed of a Personal Ellate

alone to the Amount of one thousand Pounds Sterling, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the

Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal FI (late of one thousand Pounds Sterling: Provided always,

that one Moiety of such Real Effates as aforesaid, required as Qualifications fur each Colonel, Lieutenant

Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, and Ensign reflectively, shall be lituate or arising within such respec-

tive County or Stewartry in which he shall be so appointed to lerve.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Lieutenants and Ensigns

cannot be found, qualified as aforesaid, to accept of Commissions in the Militia to be raised, it shall be law-

ful for the said Lieutenants to appoint for that Service such a Number of the Officers in the Army, whether

on Full or Half Pay, or of Persons who have had Commissions in any of his Majesty’s Regular or Fencible

Forces, or in any Volunteer Corps in Scotland, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, such Officers not

to be appointed, on their first Appointment, to any higher Rank in the said Militia than they respectively

have, or ha\£e had, in his Majesty’s other Regular, Fencible, or Volunteer Forces.

XL And be it further enacted, That no Commissioned Officer shall act as such until he shall have left u'ith

the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Stewartry for which he shall be so appointed, a specific Description

of his Qualification, as is hereinbefore required, in Writing, signed by himself; and such Clerk of the Peace

shall enter the fame upon a Roll to be kept for that Purpose; which Roll shall be open to the Inspection of ck^k'ofThc

every Person at common and usual Hours, without Fee, Gratuity, or Reward of any Kind. Peace, to be entered on a Roll.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenant of the several Counties

and Stewartries, and of the City of Edinburgh, and every Commissioned Oificer of the said Militia, shall, at

Lme General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County for

which they are appointed to serve, or before any of the Magistrates of Edinburgh, within six Calendar

Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the following Oath:

Jf qualified Pjer-

fens cannot he

found, Officer*

in the Army,

See. may he ap-

po nted Subal-

terns.

Officers before

they act to leave

their Qualifica-

tiens with the

King George

promise

Lieutenants,

Deputies, and

Oificers, to

take within fix

Months, the

following

Oath,

XIII. And

