I

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III, C. 27—35.

anceof Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors, are hereby authorized and empowered to make

all and every the said Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or of any Houses,

Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandizes, from Fire, in all Parts and Places whatsoever, within any of his Majesty’s Dominions or else-

where, in like Manner, and to the fame Extent, as they are respectively empowered to do by the said Charter

in the Places therein specified.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced,

brought, or prosecuted, against the said Corporation of the London Assurance of Houses and Goods from

Fire, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or concerning any Assurance or Assurances

by the said recited Charter, or hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, or

concerning any other Matter or Thing herein or in the said Charter above recited contained, the said Cor-

poration and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issue, and give the special

Matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.—[7th March 1796.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six. [2,000,000/.] [7th March 1796.J

CAP. XXX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six. [1,500,000/.] [ythAddrch 1796.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the

Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.—[7th March 1796.]

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to be made

out for 2,500,000/. any Time before Jan. 5, 1797, agreeable to 36 Geo, III. Cap. 1. Powers of

Geo. III. Cap. i. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. L T' ‘ ~ "

u

«<

a

H

Bills chargeable

advance

granted next oemon, ana ir nor gramea oerore juty 5, 1797, to be paid out of the Con-

Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supples. Bank

' * CAP. XXXII.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the TFed India

Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms.—[7th March 1796.] * f/

CAP.- XXXIII.

• • T * *1 * #1 •" •

An Act for extending the Term of the Tax on Lands, and Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes,

granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called

Bedford Level, and the Low Ldnds adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near

to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the fame to Sea by the Harbour a/* King’s

Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or

near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Par ish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said

Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving and treserving the Navigation of the everal Rivers com-

municating with the said River Ouze.—[7th March 1796.]

W

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to raise a certain

Sum of Money, for discharging some Arrears of Interest, and other Debts relating thereto, and to maintain

and support the said Navigation.—[7th March 1796.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable the Trustees for executing an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairings altering^ and improving, the Pari/h Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise

r I* *n the City of London; and for providing a Workhouse for the fame; to raise a further

oum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.—[7th Maub 1796.]

I

285

ances within

any Part of hi*

Majesty’a Do-

minions, or

eJfc where.

If any A&ionhe-

brought against

theCoiporation.

they may plead

the General

Issue, and give

the special Mat-

ter in Evidence.

Public A&.

CAP

