21

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 6—8.

No. 18. ' v

FORM of Convi£lion for NegleCl of Duty.

M-----7 BE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of his

to wit* J present Majesty’s Reign, A. B. of v is duly convicted before us Justices

of the Peace, assembled at a Sessions of the Peace held at in pursuance 01 an Act

of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the At7] for

that he the said AB. on at did wherefore we the said Justices (or

of the said Justices) do adjudge that he the said A. B. do pay the Sum of as a Fine for his

Offence, in pursuance of the Powers vested in us by the said Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

^Hl| ! 1 ‘ No. 19.

FORM of Commitment for Fraud or wilful Partiality.

- 7 RECEIVE into

'• 3 guilty of [Here

To

4/-

to Wit

present Majesty s J*eign, u

Custody for the Space of

rant. Given under our*Ha

our Lord

next ensuing; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient War-

nds and Seals, this Day of in the Year of

- cap. vi.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-

ters.—[5th March 1795*3

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.—[5th March 1795 .J

cap. viii.

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Grand function Canal to vary the Course of a

certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more

safe and convenient; and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal.—[5 th March 1795*]

M The Preamble recites Act 33 Geo. Ill, Cap. 80. Certain Reftridfioqs from deviating more than 100

44 Yards from the Line of the Canal repealed. Company not to deviate from the new Line, unless by

44 Consent of the Land Owners. Restrictions from carrying Canal through Parks, £sV. without the Con-

44 sent of Owners. All the Powers of the former Act (except such as are altered or repealed)' extended to

44 the Deviation. Rates of Tonnage which would have been payable on the old Line to be taken upon the

14 new Line. Directions ref|>cdting the Towing Path, life, in the Earl of Clarendon's Grounds. No Build-

44 ings to be erected there without his Content, and the Water to be kept to a certain Height; and no Ma-

44 terials to be got therein without his Consent. Compensation to be made to the Earl of Clarendon for

44 Damages, &c.: His Right of Fishery reserved. Boats not to flop in his Grounds but for certain

44 Purposes. Company to pay the Expence of making up any Deficiency of Water occasioned to Langley

44 Bury Engine, tsfc- Further Directions respecting Langley Bury Engine. Recompence to be made for

44 Injury to the Fisheries of Sir John Filmer and Mr. Alarriott. No Damage to be done to certain Mills.

44 No more of certain Meadows to be cut than lies in the Line of the Canal, &c» Foot Path in Hunton

44 Bridge Great Alaum to be on the Towing Path. Company to make Watering Places for Cattle, and

44 supply the fame and the Fish Ponds with Water. Boats not to stop in the Grounds of Lord Essex

44 and Sir John Filmer, except for certain Purposes. No Buildings to be erected in Lands of the Earl of

44 Effexy Sir John Filmer, and Mr. Tovey. The Earl of Essex may alter the Line of the Canal within his

44 Lands. Articles of certain Tonnage not to pass Locks in dry Seasons, but under certain Conditions.

44 Clause corredling a Mistake respecting the Appointing of Persons for the Security of Mills. Two Pence

44 per Ton to be taken for all Goods, &c. conveyed upon any Part of the Line of the Deviation of the

44 Canal. Rates may be reduced. Clause for reducing the Number of Members to make General Com-

44 mittees. Company may make Wharfs and erect Warehouses on Land by them occupied in JVhite

44 Fryan. Restrictions upon carrying Coals towards London altered, on account of varying the Line of the

44 Canal. Expences of the Ad 3 andPublick Act.”

CAP

