A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 64. 125

and Merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof on board the said Ship

and upon the said Ship, etc and so shall continue and endure during her Abode there upon

the said Ship, etc. and further until the said Ship, with all her Ordnance, Tackle, Apparel, etc. and Goods

and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at upon the said Ship, etc. until flic

hath there moored at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety, and upon the Goods and Merchandizes,

until the fame be there discharged and safely landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship, etc. in this

Voyage, to proceed and fail to, and touch and flay at, any Ports or Places whatsoever, without Prejudice to

this Atlurance, the said Ship, etc. Goods and Merchandizes, etc. for so much as concerns the Aflureds, (by

Agreement made between the Aflureds and the said Corporation in this Policy,) are and shall be rated and

valued at Ster.ing, without farther Account to be given by the Aflureds for the fame.

Touching the Adventures and Perils which the said Corporation are contented to bear and do take upon

them in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, jet-

tifons. Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detain-

ments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the

Master and Manners, and of all oner Perils, Lodes, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt,

Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. or any Part thereof: And in

case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Aflureds, their Favors, Servants, and Assigns, to fuc,

labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Goods and

Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. (or any Part thereof), without Prejudice to this Afl’urance, to the Charges

whereof the said Corporation will contribute according to the Rate and Quantity of the Sum herein act’ured:

And ic is agreed by the said Corporation that this Writing or Policy of Aliurance shall be of as much Force

and Lfleft as the surest Writing or Policy of Assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal

Exchange, or ellcwhere in London: And so the said Corporation are contented, and do hereby promise and

bind themselves and their SucceflTors to th« Aflureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the

true Performance of the Premises, confessing themselves paid the Consideration due unto them for this

Assurance by at and after the Rate of per Cent. In Witness whereof the said

Corporation have caused their Common Seal to be hereunto affixed, and the Sum or Sums by them allured

to be here underwritten, at their Office in the Royal Exchange of London this Day of

in the -Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord by the

Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, etc. and in the Year of

our Lord

The said Corporation are content with this Assurance for

Free from all Average on Corn, Flour, Fish, Salt, Fruit, Seed, Hides, and Tobacco, unless general, or

otherwise specially agreed.

Free from Average on Sugar, Rum, Skins, Hemp, and Flax, under five per Cent.; and on all other

Goods, and on Ship, under three per Cent. except general.

18 , By Order of the Court of Directors.

Km*, cap. lxiv.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfistence ro be pa:d to Innkeepers and others on

quartering Soldiers, for a limited Time.—[19th May 1795.]

WHEREAS by the Act of Parliament novy in force forpunishing Alutiny aJid Defcrtion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are established in that Part of Great

Britain called England, the Dominion of JVaies, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the Pay-

ment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered

and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given

to such Innholders and others, tofurnish certain Articles gratis, ini lieu of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates

prescribed: And whereas the Occasion of marching and quartering of d roops has encrealed, and rjiay

continue, and the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in many Instances, be-

come, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders

and others :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the^ifame, That, from and

after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, every Non-commissioned Officer and

Private Soldier who shall be (urnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Part of Great Britain,

by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be

quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act now in force, or by virtue of any Act which may hereafter

be in force, for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

<Jjai:ersj shall pay and allow for the fame ten Pence per Diem; and that the Accounts of the fame shall be

Tendered, and Payment thereof made, in like Manner as is directed in the said Act now in force touching

the former Rates of six Pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and four Pence per Diem for the Infantry.

: II. And

Mutiny Act

recited.

Non-commis-

ficned Off.ctrj

and Solders tq

allow iod. per

Ditm lor Diet

and Small Beer

in Quarters in

England;

