3-98

Corr.m'fTioners

»if Longitude to

certify the Pro-

bability of Suc-

cefsof any Pro-

posal for Dif-

coveiy of the

Longitude. Sec*

mS w

and the Reward,

to the Cominif-

mi (Boners of

the Navy,

who are to make

•-it a Bill upon

the Treasurer

f«r the Money.

& t*» • s/*.

Sums paid not

tnr exceed

joocl., and to

be paid agree-

ably to 14 Geo.

JJI. Cap. 66.

*>.

33 Geo. H.

Cap. 17. fob

encouraging

the making of

Sail Cloth in

Great Britain,

continued to

Sept. 19, 1799,

*c.

9 Geo. II. Cap.

37 for encou-

raging tke Ma-

nufacture of

British Sail

G. 107, 108. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

* by reason of several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons in pursuance of the

4 Directions of the said nrft mentioned Act, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude have

4 expended the Sum of five thousand Pounds granted by the said Act for the Puppofes aforesaid:. And

4* whereas the continuing the said Encouragement and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said firrt

4 mentioned Act will contribute to the Advantage of Trade, and to the Honour of this Kingdom : May it

* .therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, and they have hereby full Power and Authority,

whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them

for the discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Naviga-

tien, so as to think it proper tocause Experiments to made thereof, to certify the fame to the Commissioners

of the Navy •, and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for

finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Re-

wards specified in the said Act of the fourteenth Year of Hisnrefent Majesty, yet that the said Discovery is of

considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Im-

provements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said

Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons;

2nd the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon

the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners

for the Discovery of Longitude; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorized and required to

pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commission-

ers for the Discovery of Longitude to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or

Sums of Money, for making letter Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries

and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands

unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the

Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of making such Experiments as aforesaid,

and in rewarding, in a lesser Degree, lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other

Discoveries arid Improvements useful to Navigation, do not all together exceed the Sum of five thousand

Pounds: Provided also, that such Sum or Sums shall be certified, and such Bills shall be made out, and

Payment thereof made, in such Manner, and under the fame Regulations and Provisions, as are in and by

the said Act of the fourteenth Year of His present Majesty prescribed, with regard to the Sum of five thou-

sand Pounds by the said Act made applicable to the Encouragement and Reward of such Person or Persons

as should make lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or make other useful Discoveries and Inw

provements in Navigation, and to the better making of Experiments relating thereto. * . V. A.

f . ' CAP. vCVIII. i f.

An Act to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, relating to the better Encourage-

- ment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the Manufac-

ture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported •, to

* Securing,the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails

with a Duty ; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Z?ri7//&-made

Cordage.—Qi8th May 1796.] \ V V'f

* \ T WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

4 VV and are near expiring ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

.the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

'assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reignof

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the tvue'ftk Year cf

the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, 4 An Act for the better Encouragement of the making ef

4 Sail Cloth in Great Britain,’ which was to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day. of September one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by three Acts, made in the eighth, fourteenth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign cf His

present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of Septem-

ber one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament; and by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was

amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is

hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day ©iSeptember one thousand feveu hundred and ninety-

nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II, And be it further enacted. That an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majrflv

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture ^BritilU

Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this

Kingdom> which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day olfune one thousand (even hundred

6 and

