C. 8 o•

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Ships or Vessels, Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandize, or Effects, shall be fold under the Authority aforesaid, they shall be respectively liable to the

Duties, and entitled to the Drawbacks, and subject to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, before mentioned ; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby autho-

rized and required to causethe Duties, and the Expences of the Sale, in the first Place, to be paid out of

the Proceeds of such Sale; and after such Payment shall (except in Cafes where it is otherwise provided by

this Act) causethe Proceeds of such Sale to be paid into the Bank of England, there to remain, subject to such

Orders as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, may from Time to Time think fit to give

thereupon ; or in case such Proceeds shall arise from a Sale made under the Directions of the High Court of

Admiralty, as herein-before provided, then subject to such Orders as the said Court shall make concerning

the fame, or such Part thereof, for which a Cl Aim shall have been made and adjudged by the said Court.

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro-

dud, or Manufacture of India or China, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, so imported or brought into this

Kingdom, or detained in the Ports thereof as aforesaid, shall be brought into'the Port of London, and

lodged and secured in the Warehouses of the said United Company, under the Order of the Directors of the

said United Company; and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so lodged and secured, being duly

entered, shall from Time to Time, upon Requisition made for that Purpose by the Proprietors or Owners

thereof, or by the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this ACt, respectively be exposed to Sale,

and sold at the public Sales of the said Company, by Order of the Court of Directors of the said Company

for the Time being, either for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to some of his Majesty’s European

Dominions, or for the Purpose of exporting the fame to ?my Country not being a Part of his Majesty’s

European Dominions, as shall be excelled and specified in any such Requisition respectively, under and

subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, as the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize

of the like Sorts, imported by the said United Company, may by Law be fold, and to such other Rules

and Regulations, and to such Agreements, as may b6 made by the Proprietors or Owners thereof, or by

the said Commissioners respectively, and the said Court of Dire£tors.N ‘

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this ACt contained shall extend to

preclude the said United Company from becoming the Purchasers of any of the said Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, or to hinder the said Owners or Proprietors, or the said Commissioners, to be appointed by

the Authority of this A& respectively, from contracting with the said United Company for the Sale to them

of any of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; but it shall and may be lawful for the said United Com-

pany to purchase the fame of and from the said Owners and Proprietors, or the said Commissioners re-

flectively, and for the said Owners and Proprietors, and Commissioners, to sell the same to the said

United Company ; any Thing herein, or in any other ACt or ACts^ contained to the contrary notwith-

ftandine. ' ' N

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That on all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so imported or

brought into this Kingdom, or detained in the Ports thereof, and sold at the public Sales of the said United

Company, the said Company shall be entitled to receive, and shall be paid, out of the Proceeds of the

Sales thereof, for and in respect of the Landing, Cartage, Warehousing, Charges of Sale, and other

Charges thereon, an Allowance, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds per Centum on the Gross Sale

Amount thereof severally and respectively. '

XXX. And be it further enaCted, That if the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall

make any Requisition for the Sale of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, deposited in the Ware-

houses of the said United Company as aforesaid, for Consumption within any of his Majesty’s European

Dominions, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to contraCt with the said Directors for a

further Allowance out of the Proceeds of the Sales thereof, by Way of Compensation in respect thereof;

and if the said Commissioners, or if any of the said Owners or Proprietors, making any the like Requisition

for the Sale of any of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize for Consumption as aforesaid, shall decline

to agree with the said Directors for the making of such further Allowance as aforesaid, it shall and may be

lawful for the said Directors to forbear to fell the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in any such Requisition

expressed or specified, unless for Exportation to some Place or Places not being within any of his Majesty’s

Eur opean Dominions ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing contained in this ACt shall

be construed to compel the Court of Directors of the said United Company to expose to Sale for Home

Consumption any Tea which, according to the Practice that hath of late Times obtained in the Sales of the

Company’s own Tea, would not have been deemed fit and proper to be sold by them for Home Con-

fumption ; but that in respect to all such l ea as on an Examination thereof shall appear to the said Directors,

citneron Account of any Damage it may have received, or by reason of its Condition or Quality, to be

unfit far Sale for Home Consumption, or as on the Shew or public Exhibition thereof shall or rnav be ob-

jected to by Brokers or Dealers in l ea, as being unfit for Sale for Home Consumption, the said Directors

iha1.!, and they arc hereby required to forbear to expose any of such Tea to Sale for Home Consumption,

or for any other Purpose than for Exportation only to some Country or Place not being within his Majesty’s

Europe an Dominions; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIL And be it further enacted, That from l ime to Time, when and a* often as the Proceeds of

eacn respective Sale shall have been paid into the Treasury of the said United Company, the said Directors

shall cau(c a perfect Account of the Particulars of such Sale to be delivered to the said Owners and Pro-

prietors, or to the said Cora missioners. respectively ; which said Owners and Proprietors, or Commissioners,

3>Ci£0. 111. U shall.

*45

Vessels and

Goods fold,

liable to Duty,

and entitled to

Drawback, &c.

Proceeds to be

paid into the

Bank.

Regulations

respecting

Goods, Sec. of

the Limits of

the Trade of the

Lad India Com-

pany :

The Company

may purchase

such Goods;

and shall be en-

titled to 5 per

Cent, on such

as are sold at

their Sales.

On Goods re-

quired to be sold

for Consump-

tien in his Ma-

jesty’s European

Dominions, a

further Allow-

alice to be made

the Company,

or they may -

forbear to fell

them, See.

1

Company not

compelled to

expose to S.de

for Home Con.

fumption, unfit

Tea.

Accounts of

Proceeds of Sale

to be settled. v

