28i

- \

m

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesinio sexto Georgii III. C. 2T, 22.

the Sum of one Penny per Barrel of all Wheat Flour, or Indian Meal, inspected and examined and certi-

fied by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said

Articles herein enumerated and defjribed shall be imported or brought from any of the Ports or Places herein

mentioned into any of the respective Ports herein also enumerated, subsequent to the Time limited by this

Act, but before the fifteenth Day ofOfiober one thousand (even hundred and ninety-six, it shall and may be

lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the

Bounty or Bounties respectively to be paid thereon in like Manner as if the said Articles had been imported

within the Time limited by this ACt; provided Proof shall be made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commis-

sioners respectively,that the Ships or Vessels on board of which respectively such Articles shall be so imported

or brought, actually and bonafide set fail from such respective Ports or Places for Great Britain, at such Time

that they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the said thirtieth

Day of September ; and Proof shall also be given, and Entry shall *2 made, and the Goods inspeCted and ex-

amined, and certified in like Manner as is directed and required by this ACt, to authorize the Payment of

Bounty on the said Articles imported within the l ime limited by this ACt.

VII. 4 And whereas it may happen that Vessels, before the patting of this ACt, may have arrived at dif-

c ferent Ports of this Kingdom, having on board Articles of the several Descriptions herein mentioned, or of

4 some one or other of them, intended for Exportation: And whereas in order to induce the Owner or Own-

4 ers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods, to enter them for Consump-

4 tien in this Kingdom, it is expedient to extend the Bounties granted by this ACt to such Articles:’ Be it

therefore enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounties respectively granted by this ACt shall extend

to all such Articles, although imported or brought into this Kingdom before the patting of this ACt, provided

each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions of this ACt are in all other RcfpeCts

duly complied with.

VIII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel has arrived or shall

arrive at any Port in Great Britain^ where, according to the Regulations of this ACt, the Bounty is not al-

lowed, the said Ship or Vefl'el shall and may lawfully depart from such Port without Molestation or Hin-

drance, with the several Articles on board, and may carry the fame to any other Port of Great Britain at

which the fame may be entered for the Bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the fame $ subject never-

theless to each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions of this ACt.

IX. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That on all Foreign Corn and Flour which

shall have been secured in Warehouses in Great Britain, according to Law, before the patting of this ACt,

and which shall be delivered from thence within three Calendar Months after the patting of this ACt, to be

tiled and consumed in this Kingdom, there shall be paid and allowed to the Importer or Importers, Proprie-

for or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, a Bounty or Bounties respectively, not exceeding

three-fifth Parts of the Bounties granted by this ACt respectively on Corn and Flour imported from the Ale-

diterraneany under the Authority of this ACt; provided that all and each and every the Rules, Regulations,

Conditions, and Reitrictions, imposed and required by this ACt, so far as the same are applicab’e to and

can be put in Execution, shall be complied with in respect of all such Corn and Flour as shall be so respeC-

tively delivered out of such Warehouses, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom.

X. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Foreign Corn or Flour shall, be-

fore the patting of this Act, have been secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses according to Law, at any

Port in Great Britain, where, according to the Regulations of this ACt, the Bounty is not allowed, all such

Foreign Corn or Flour shall and may be legally carried coastwise from such Port, without Molestation or

Hindrance, to any other Port of Great Britain at which the fame may be entered for the Bounty, and there

the fame may be entered, landed, and delivered, subject nevertheless to each and every the Rules, Regula-

tiens, Condiiibns, and Restrictions of this ACt.

XI. And be it further enaCted, That this ACt shall continue in force until the fifteenth Day of OStcber one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-six.

XII. Provided always, That any Part of this ACt may be altered, varied, orrepealed, by any ACt or Acts

to be made in this present Scttion of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An ACt to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

L,.|• v*1 • [ 24th December 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to diminish the Consumption of Wheat, that Bakers (houlJ be

permitted to make and sell, in all Places, various Kinds of mixed Bread, and such Kinds of

4 Wheaten Bread as they cannot now fell in Places where an Attize is set: And whereas it is not expedient

4 to apply to such Sorts of Bread the Restrictions contained in the Fables of the Attize and Price of Bread,

4 now by Law established : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaCted and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

'I cmporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the patting of this ACt, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, in

any Place whatsoever, and whether any Attize of Bread shall be set in such Place or not, to make, fell, and

expose to Sale, Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, and Half Quartern Loaves, made of

the whole Produce of the Wheat, deducting only five Pound Weight of Bran per Bushel, or made of any

i ’ * • Oo 2 Sort

Commissioners

of Cull01 ns may

pay Bounties on

Articles im-

ported before

Oft. 15, 1796,

on Proof of the

Vessels having

failed at such

Times that they

might, in the

ordinary Course

of their Voyage,

have arrived be-

fore Sept. 30.

Bounties to ex-

tend to Articles

imported before

passing this Act.

Vessels arriving

at any Port

where Bounty

is not allowed,

may fail to

whet? it is.

On Foreign

Corn and Flour,

warehoused be-

fore the passing

of this Act,

delivered out

within three

Months for

Home Con-

fumption, a

Bounty to be

paid;

and if ware-

housed at a Port

where no Boun-

ty is allowed, ic

may be carried

whtre it is.

Continuance

cf Act j

which may he

altered or re-

pealed thu.

St/lion.

Loaves may be

made of Wheat,

deduftin*: only

5ih. of Bran per

Bushel, or mix-

with any

Grain or Pota-

4

