6io

C. rcg. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgi i III. A.D. 1797.

Order in Coun

cil of Sept. 15,

1795, ai.d

of Nov. 9,1796,

recited.

Officers and

Men of his Mr-

jesty’s Fiert to

have all Ships

and Cargoes

belonging to the

United Provin-

ces or Spain,

taken since the

Dates of the

respettive Or-

ders in Council,

divided agree-

ably to Procla-

mations of

Nov. 25, 1795,

and Jan. 25,

1797, or any

future Procla-

mation j

and also the

Arms, &c.

taken in any

Fortress, or

Vessels in any

Creek, Sec. be-

longing thereto.

Where the Navy

and Army ad

jointly against

a Fortrefa, their

Proportions of

Prizes to be as

his Majesty shall

diced.

cap. cix. ;£$

An A<fl to amend an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more

effectually manning His Majestfs Navy *, and for making further Provision for those

Purposes.—[19th July 1797-]

4 other Ships and Vessels that should be commissionated by Letters of Marque, or General Reprisals, or

4 otherwise, by his Majesty’s Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great

4 Britain, should and lawfully might seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the United Provinces,

4 or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the aforesaid United Provinces, and

4 bring the fame to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty’s Dominions: And

r whereas his Majesty, by another Order in Council, dated the ninth Day of November one thousand seven

4 hundred and ninety-six, was pleased to order that General Renrizals be granted against: the Ships, Goods,

4 and Subjects, of the King of Spain, so that as well his Majesty’s Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships

4 and Vtflcls that should be commissionated by Letters of Marque, or General Reprizals, or otherwise, by

4 his Majesty’s Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, should

4 and might lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or

4 others inhabiting within the Territories of the King cf Spain, and bring the fame to Judgment in any of

• the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty’s Dominions: Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers

4 and Seamen of his Majesty’s Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other Britipo Ships and

4 Vessels having Commissions and Letters of Marque; and for inducing all Bruish Seamen, who may be in

' any Foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the

4 more effectual (ecuring and extending the Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Flag Officers,

Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Veil'd of YVar

in his Majesty’s Pay, {hall have the foie Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods,

and Merchandizes, belonging to the United Provinces, or their Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of

the Territories of the United Provinces, which they have taken since the fifteenth Day of September one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostiiities against

the United Provinces ; and also shall have the (ole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel,

Goods, and Merchandizes belonging to the King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any

of the Territories of the King of Spain, which they have taken since the ninth Day of November one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall hereafter take during the Continuance of Hostiiities against Spain ; after

the fame respectively shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, or elsewhere, which shall

be duly authorized to take Cognizance of such Captures ; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such

Manner as his Majesty hath, by his several Proclamations of the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, w'ith regard thereto respectively, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-

ceflors, shall think fit to order and dirtft, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other

Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and VelTd of War in his Majesty’s Pay, be-

ing armed, officered, and employed, in his Majesty’s Service, who have, since the Dates of the abovemen-

tioned respective Orders in Council, taken, or who, during the Continuance of Hostiiities against the said

United Provinces and Spain respectively, shall take, any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition,

Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any public Trading Com-

pany of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Merchandizes

laden on Board the fame, in any Creek, River, Haven, or Road, belonging to and defended by such Fortress

upon the Land, shall have the Cole Interest and Property of and in all and every such Arms, Ammunition,

Stores of War, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure, Ships and Vessels, and Merchandizes laden on Board the

lame, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Ad-

miralty, duly authorized as aforesaid, (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other Cafes

of Prize,) to be distributed by his Majesty in such Proportions and Manner as hereinbefore is mentioned.

III. Provided always nevertheless. That in ail conjunct Expeditions of the Navy and Army against any

such Fortress upon the Land, directed by Instructions from his Majesty, the Flag and General Officers and

Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, acting in such conjunft Expedition, shall

have such proportionable Interest and Property as his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, shall think fit to order

and direct, in all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandizes, and Treasure,

belonging to the State, or to any public Trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain,

which

