A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 105, 106.

tained in any Assessment, whereon the Rates of twenty Pounds per Centum are imposed by any Act or Acts

of Parliament,* and the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and

Charge, instead of diflindl AffelVments Snd Charges, and to return the fame to the respective Commissioners,

in the Manner and under the Regulations and Directions prescribed by an Act, passed in the present Session

of Parliament *, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties

under the Management of the Commifftoners for the Affairs of Taxes; and that the respective Collectors shall

and may collect and receive the said Duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the first Assessment under this Act shall be made

for three Quarters of a Year from the fifth Day of 'July one thoCifand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and

that, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the AfTefl'ments

under this Act shall be made for one whole Year from the fifth Day of April in each Year; and that the

Duties so to be assessed shall be paid Quarterly, at the Times and in Manner following; that is to say, on

the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every

Year, by equal Portions, the first of the said Payments on the said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year,

to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted, T hat the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall feve-

rally and respectively be aftelTed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and

Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according

to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament

for aliening, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses# Windows, or

Lights, granted by the Acts of the sixth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and

the Duties on inhabited Houses granted by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or by

any of them, so far as the fame now remain in Force, and are applicable to the said several and respective

Duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Directions, Penalties, Exemptions. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Force,

contained in the said several Acts, or any or them, or any Act or Acts therein referred to, for the assessing,

raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and

be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the

assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several Duties by this Act granted, as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Exemptions, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in

this Act. *

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed,

(the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated

Fund. J * ' /

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the said Duties

by this Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the

Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created,

by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament: and that the said Monies shall, during the

Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of

the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Re-

ceipt during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said

Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and

Duties granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased

Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses, before charged

with a Duty of two Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, and on Mules.re-[i9th July 1797.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign, ' *

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necefl'ary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto

4 your Majesty the additional Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that

4 it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That every Person who, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Mule# charged with a Duty of

4 L 2 two

619

and returning

them to the

Commissioners.

• Cap. 69.

Firrt Assessment

to he for three

Quarters, from

July 5, 1797,

and afterwards

for a Year, and

paid Quarterly.

Duties to be af-

ftfled, dec. as

other Duties un.

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

for Taxes.

Duties to be

carried to tl>e

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

Duties, which,

for ten Years,

are to be kept,

with others

granted for the

fame Purpose,

separate from all

other Monies.

Additional Duty

of 3s. to be paid

for every Horse,

&c. chargeable

