A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto

w

Use of the Informer or Informers; and all and every such Offences may be enquired of, heard, and finally

determined by any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace dwelling in or near the Place where

such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus f if any be) to the Owners, and if

the Offender has no Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to

the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, with-

out Bail or Mainprize.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of every Parish

and Township where any Person described as aforesaid doth abide, or is to be found, (at the lnftance of any

one or more of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or

Constable of the same Parish or Township,) shall (not having a lawful or reasonable Cause to the contrary)

be aiding and assisting in the Furtherance of his Majesty’s said Service.

XXIil. And, to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such

Persons described as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person

shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man or Men tit to serve his Majesty, within any of

the Descriptions of this ^\dl, so that he or they shall be apprehended and brought before the Justices or Ma-

gistrates aforesaid, and ordered to be entered in his Majesty’s Service, such Person, for every Man so

discovered and entered, shall receive from the Officer to whom such Man shall be delivered the Sum of ten

Shillings out of the twenty Shillings which he is hereby d'redlcd to pay to the Officers of the Parish or

Town for every Man raised by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder only of such twenty Shillings shall in

that Cafe be paid to such Officers.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or

Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in

pursuance or Execution of this Act, the fame shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the

Offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Fadt was committed,

and not afterwards, or elsewhere ; and such Person or Persons, sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may

plead the General Issue of Not Guilty, and upon any Iilue joined may give this Act and the special Matter

in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a

Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment upon Demurrer pass against him, the Defendant shall recover

Treble Cells, for which he shall have the like Remedy as in any Cafe where Costs by the Law are given to

Defendants. i

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute, made in the twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Intituled, An Act for the rendering

Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Con/} a hies and others

acting in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in

the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Justices or Magistrates afore-

said, acting under the Authority or in the Execution of this Act; and no Action or Suit shall be had or

commenced, or Writ iilued out, or Copy of Writs served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, or any other

Person or Persons, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Notice in Writing shall have

been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode by the Attorney for the Party com-

mencing such Action, or suing out or serving the Copy of the said Writ, which said Notice in Writing

(hill contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, together with the

Cause of Action or Complaint, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney shall be under

written or indorsed thereon; and such Defendant or Defendants shall be at Liberty, and may, by virtue of

th's Ad, at any Lime within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or

Sums ot Money as Amends for the Injury complained of to the Party complaining, or to the said Attorney,

and if the f.me is not accepted of, such Defendant or Defendants may plead such Tender in Bar of such

Action or Actions, together with the General Ifiue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if

upon Ifiue joined upon such Tender the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been fuihcient, the

find Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, who shall, in such Cafe, be entitled to his

and their Treble Costs. , A

jS 6

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought

against any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate aforesaid, or other Officer employed in the Execution of this

Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Person instituting such Action shall, previous to the

Commencement thereof, intimate by himself, or his Agent or Attorney, his said Intention and Grounds of

Complaint, so as that the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or other Officers, may have Opportunity of

making due Amends for the Injury intended to be prosecuted ; and if the said Justices or Magistrates afore-

said, or other Officers, shall make it appear, to the Satisfadl on of the judge before whom the Action is

brought, that such due Amend? were tendered and refused previous to the Commencement of the Action,

the said Judge shall give Decree for the Defender, who shall in such Cafe be entitled to Treble Costs of Suit.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Verdict

fiiail be given for the Plaintiff in any Action to be brought against any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate

aforesaid, or any Peace Officer or other Person,' for leizing, taking, imprisoning, or detaining such Plaintiff

in the Execution of this Act, under Colour of any Authority or Authorities hereby given, and it shall appear

to me Judge or Court before whom the fame shall be tried, that there was a probable Caule for doing

the A it complained of in such Action, and the said Judge or Court shall certify on the Record that there

piobabic Cause as aforesaid, then and in such.Cafe the Plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than two

Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit: Provided always, that where a Verdict flull be given for the

5G&C. III. M ' Plaintiff

Such Offences

may be deter-

mined by two

Justices, Sec.

Inhabitants to

aid in the Exe-

cution of Act.

Reward to Per-

fons giving In-

formation of

able-bodied

Men within the

Descriptions of

A i\.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Iffuc.

Treble Cost*.

24 Geo. If.

Cap. 44, so far

as relates to

rendering

Justices more

safe in the Ex-

ecution of their

Office, to ex-

tend to this

Act.

No Action to

be commenced

till Notice be

given.

Defendant may

tender Amends,

which may be

pleaded. -

Treble Costs.

Persons infti-

tuting Action

in Scotland tc

give previous

Notice, that

Amends may

be tendered.

Sc c.

Treble Costs.

Where there

was a probable

Cause for Act

complained of.

Plaintiff'not

entitled to

Costs

but where tU

Injury was

/

