C. 22.

D

tricesimo sept

50i

_ _ r ^ ^ M _ P # JU r

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary No person

Militia, nor any Substitute, being of the full Height of five Feet two Inches, shall be deemed unfit for chofenn^Iof»

Service, or be liable to be discharged, by reason that such Person is under the Height required by the said t«e^veFrec "

Aift of the twenty-sixth ^ ear aforesaid. two Inches high, (infitad offive Feet four Irube:,) to be deemed unlit for Service.

Xl And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said Act of the present Session, shall be

construed to empower any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, or Place, to provide any Volunteer

or Volunteers for the said Supplementary Militia, without the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Parish,

Tything, or Place, to be obtained in the Manner directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year

aforesaid.

Act of the pre-

sent Session not

to empower any

Overseer to pro-

vide Volunteers

without the Consent of the Parifrioners.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to offer

themselves to serve as Substitutes in the said Supplementary Militia, for any such Subdivision, and to appear

before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, within such Time and at such Place as is provided

for the enrolling Volunteers under the said Act of the present Session; and that in every such Cafe, a

correct Lift shall then and there be made of the Names and Places of Abode of all such Persons so appear-

ing, who shall be approved of according to the Provisions of the said Act, and such Persons, so approved,

shall be accepted as Substitutes for such Subdivision.

XIL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers of the

Poor of any Parish or Place within the Subdivision for which such Person or Persons shall have offered

themselves 10 to serve as Substitutes, (according to the Order in which the said Parish or Place shall (land

upon the Lift prepared for the Ballot,) to give any such Person or Persons (according to the Order in which

their Names shall have been entered in the Lift as aforesaid) any such Sum as shall be deemed reasonable,

and shall be fixed by the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant

and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, after

they shall have been sworn and enrolled to serve as the Substitute or Substitutes for such Parish or Place in

the said Supplementary Militia, in Manner as directed in the said Act; and it shall be lawful for such

Overseers to reimburse themselves out of any Monies of the Rates then raised, or to be reimbursed out of

any Monies thereafter to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, in such Manner as they may reimburse them-

selves, or be reimbursed for any Monies by them expended in Matters relating to the Poor.*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person enrolled in the said Supplementary Militia shall, during

his Service therein, according to the Directions of the said Act of the present Session, be liable to be chosen

by Ballot to serve in the Militia raised or to be raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year

aforesaid, or any other Act relating to the said Militia. to serve in

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one

Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held after the passing

of this Act, may fix the average current Price then paid, or which in their Judgment shall be a reasonable

Sum to be paid for a Volunteer in the said Supplementary Militia; and that in every Cafe where any

Person falling within the Circumstances provided for by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid,

shall claim to be entitled to one Half of the current Price then paid for a Volunteer, such Price shall, in all

Cafes relating to the said Supplementary Militia, be ascertained by the average current Price then fixed by

the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices respectively, to be paid for Volunteers in the said Supplementary

Alilitia, and not according to the Directions contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid;

one Moiety of which Price so to be fixed shall be paid to such Person by such Churchwardens or Overseers

of the Poor, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, in all Refpetts, except as

to the Amount thereof as aforesaid, as are provided by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year afore-

said. ’ \ ' ~

XV. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place, for which any Men arc to be

raised for the said Supplementary Militia, the Numbers appointed to be raised by the said Act of the present

Session shall, together with the Numbers serving in the Militia for the same County, Riding, or Place,

raised by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, amount in the Whole to

more than the Proportion herein-after mentioned within such County, Riding, or Place, it shall be lawful

for the Lieutenant of the fame to transmit to his Majesty’s Privy Council an Account in Writing of the

true State of the Number of Persons liable to serve under the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his present iVJa-

iefty; on Receipt of which his Majesty’s Privy Council shall forthwith fix and settle, as nearly as may be,

the Number of the Supplementary Militia who shall serve for such County, Riding, or Place, so as not to

exceed, together with the Numbers serving in the Militia raised under the Authority of the said Act of the

twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, the Proportion of one for every fix of the whole Number of Per-

fons returned by the Lieutenant as liable to serve under the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present

Majesty; and where the Number of Supplementary Militia Men, so fixed by his Majesty's Privy Council,

shall be less than the Number of such Militia Men who are by the said Act of the present Session of Parlia-

ment appointed to serve for any County, Riding, or Place, then and in every such Cafe the General Meet-

ing of Lieutenancy for such County, Riding, or Place, assembled for that Purpose, in case the said Supplc-

mentnry Militia shall have been raised for such County, Riding, or Place, shall discharge, by Ballot, propor-

tionally out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, so many Militia

Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and in case the said Supplementaly Militia

1 shall

Substitutes may

offer themselves

at such Time

and Place as is

provided for en-

rolling Volun-

teer*.

Overseers may

give Substitutes

such Sum as

frail be fixed by

the Subdivision

Meeting, which

they may reim-

burst themselves

out of the Rates.

Supplementary

Militia Men ner

liable to be

chosen by Ballot

any other Militia.

Subdivision

Meetings may

fix the average

current Price

to be paid for

Volunteers, ac-

cording to which

the Claims for

half stich current

Price (under

Geo. III. Cap.

107. ^ 41.)

frail be afeer-

tained. - ,

In any Place

where the Num-

bers appointed

to be raised by

Cap. 3. with

ihofc serving in

the Militia, frail

amount to more

than i-6th of

the whole

Number, liable

to serve under 26

Geo. 111. Cap.

107. the Lieu-

tenant to trans-

mit an Account

of the Number

so liable to the

Privy Council,

who frail fix the

Number of the

Supplementary

Militia, and ii

