— I

A.'D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

1 III.

C. 60—63.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained

mall extend, or be construed to extend or relate, to any Button or Buttons made of Gold, Silver, Tin,

Wfer, Lead, or Mixtures of Tin and Lead, or Iron tinned, or of the mixed Metals called Bath Metal or

Jvhiti Metal, or of either or any of these Metals inlaid with Steel, or Buttons plated upon Shell or Shells; any

Thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action {hall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for what he or she may do in pursuance of this Act, such Suit or Action

{hall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and

{hall be laid, brought, and tried in the County, City, or Place, where the Offence was committed, and not

elsewhCre; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suitor Action, Suits or Actions, {hall and may plead

the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if any Suit or Adtionfkall be

brought after the I ime before limited for bringing the fame, or {hall be brought in any other County,

City, or Place, that then the Jury {hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if

the Plaintiff or Prosecutor {hall become nonsuit or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict {hall pass against

him or her, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or

Defendants {hall and may recover Treble Costs. -

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act {hall be deemed and allowed

in all Courts within this Kingdom as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons herein

concerned, are hereby required as such to take Notice hereof without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the

Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and

Liberty of IFefltninster^ and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and

the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone% and such Part of

the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn^ as lies in the County of Middlesex.

[26th April 1796.]

Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals

c \XHEREAS the Laws for preventing t rauds and Abuses committed in the Admealurement of Coals

1 ▼ ▼ within the City and Liberty of IVeJl'mihjler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining

1 thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Alary-le-bone, and such Part of

the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, have been found useful and

‘ beneficial, and are near expiring: May it therefore please your Jtflajesty that it may be enacted and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present -fi

arliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That an Act nailed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-

tituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed tn the Admeasurement of Coals

within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and

the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, andjuch Part of the Parish of Saint An-

revent the Frauds and Abuses committee

Part of the

drew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; which Ad was continued by several subsequent Acts passed

in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second,

and was continued by two Acts passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the fame Reign, and

was amended by the last of such Acts; and, subject to such Amendments, was further continued by an Act

passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and was amended by an Act passed in the twenty-

first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and, subject to such Amendments, was by that Ad further

continued from the Expiration of the then subsisting Term, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

{hall be, and the famei* hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand eight hundred and ten, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; ex-

cept such Parts of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign h s said late Majesty King George the

Second as were altered by the said subsequent Acts’of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his laid late Ma-

and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to John Earl

alltheEstate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining

Hermes, and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the Forest of Rocking1

upon a full and adequate Confutation to be paid for the fame.— [:

f?

CAP. LXIII.

n Ad to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all

the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Hayccr Walkof IP'efl^

hay% in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration

to be paid foe the feme.— [26th April 1796.]

A - m 9

349

What Buttons

the A A shall

not extend to.

Limitation of

Actions.

Public Act.

Certain Acts

continued until

June 24, 1810.

