154 C. 87, 88. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

34 Geo. III.

Cap.69, recited.

Gaolers to make

out Lifts ofPri-

foners who, on

Feb. 12, I7?4>

and at the Time

of making out,

were in Custo-

Warden of the

Fleet, tec. on

delivering in

Lifts, to take

the following

Gath.

03th, Sec. to be

dealt with as

directed by re-

cited Act.

Pril'oners to

take the follow-

ing

Oath.

cap- lxxxvii. . ; r';rr.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to

the Mersey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newe a file - under -

Lyme, in the said County. -• [2d June 1795.]

CAP. LXXXVIII. } j

An Act: to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors. —[^id June 1795.]

0

4 1 T WHEREAS an Act, passed in the last Sertfion of Parliament, intituled, An Aid for the Discharge of

4 VV certain Insolvent Debtors, did not extend to the Relief of all the Persons to whom it was meant to

4 extend, owing to the Circumstance of several Prisoners, who were in Custody on the twelfth Day #o£

4 February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and had continued in Custody from that Time,

4 having, during the Time of their Imprisonment, been removed by Writ of Habeas Corpus, or by other

4 Means, from one Prison to another, after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred

4 and ninety-four:* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the parting of this Act, all and every Gaoler or

Keeper of any rrifon within this Kingdom {hall and is hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect:

Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person and Persons described in the said Act,

who, upon the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were in

the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any Prison, and at the l ime of making out

every such Lift shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of the Gaoler or Gaolers,

Keeper or Keepers, of any Prison, making and delivering such Lift, which Lift shall be delivered and dealt

with in like Manner as is directed by the said Act with reipeft to the Lifts therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted. That the Warden of his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and the Marshal of

the KingJs Bench Prison, and every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison, shall severally, on the

delivering in of such Lift of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of General

Quarter Section of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the following Effect:

4 J A. B. upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and

4 declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted in the Lift

4 by me now delivered in and subscribed, have been, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and

4 truly Prisoners in my actual Custody ever since the respective Days and Times in such Lift mentioned ;

1 and that it appears by the several Returns and Affidavits of the several Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or

* Keepers, in whose Custody the said several Persons have been, previous to their being committed into my

i Custody, that they were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the twelfth Day of February one

* thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein re-

« spectively mentioned.*

Which said Oath, and the Words thereof. Lifts, and Copies of Lifts, shall be entered, kept, and dealt with

in Manner in the said Act directed respecting the Oath, Lifts, and Copies of Lifts, therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, instead of the Oath by the said Act di-

rested to be taken by such Prisoners as in the said Act are described, an Oath to the following Effect shall be

taken by them respectively : - '7 '

4 T A. B* upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and

4 declare, That, on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, I was

* really and truly a Prisoner in actual Custody of the Keeper of some Gaol or Prison at the Suit of

4 without any Fraud or Collusion whatever, and that I have ever since my Commitment con-

4 tinued a Prisoner in actual Custody, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion

4 whatever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my

4 Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the

4 Goods, Eft’efts, and Estates, Real and Personal, in Portelfion, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy,

4 which I, or any Person in Trust for me or for my Benefit or Advantage, am or is seized or possessed of,

4 interested in, or entitled to, or which was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment

4 to Prison, and of all Debts which are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of

4 all the Securities and Contrafts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable,

4 or any Benefit or Advantage may acrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in 7'rust for

4 me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing,

4 and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrafts (if any such there be); and that neither 1,

4 nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any

4 Estate, Real or Personal, in Porteftion, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in

4 the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working

4 Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not

6 4 exceeding

