433

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 3.

Default thereof, shall suffer the fame Pains and Penalties as by the said A61 of the twenty-sixth Year afore-

said are in such Cafe directed and impoled.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Sub-division Meetings in every

County, Riding, or Place, shall, within the Space of ten Days after the Men shall be enrolled, cause a full

and true Lift, Ipccifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled (within each Sub-

division respectively) to serve in such Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercise, to be transmitted to the

Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia raised by virtue of

the said Act of the twenty* sixth Year aforesaid, for the County or Riding for which such Persons have been

enrolled by virtue of this Act, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Officer to re-

ceive the lame; and shall in like Manner cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of

the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company.

Commanding Officer of the respective Regiments, and a Duplicate

XXIX. And be it* further enacted, That Arms, Accoutrements, and such Cloathing, may be provided

for the Militia Men raised by virtue of this Act, as shall be deemed nccefiary by the Lord Lieutenant and

Deputy Lieutenants respectively, with the Approbation of his Majesty, and thatone-sixth Part of the Arms

and Cloathing so provided, or so much as shall be necessary for the Men called out to be trained and exer-

cifed, shall be delivered to the Use of the Militia during the Time of their being trained and exercised by

virtue of this A61, and that the Residue of such Arms and Cloathing shall be kept in such secure Place as his

Majesty shall direct; and all Muikets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked distinctly in

some visible Place with the Letter (M) and the Name of the County, Riding, or Place to which they be-

long; and in case any Militia Man shall (ell, pawn, or lose any of his Arms, Cloaths, or Accoutrements,

or negle<5l or refuse to return the fame, in good Order, to his Commanding Officer, or to the Person ap-

pointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav a Sum

not exceeding five Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Just ice of

the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction for any l ime

not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

XXX. , And be it further enaClcd, That the Arms belonging and delivered out to the Militia raised by

virtue of this Act, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the Commanding Officer

shall dircCl, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, authorised as aforesaid, of the

County, Riding, or Place.

Ten Days after

the Men are en-

rolled, Lifts of

them, and the

Time and Place

of Exercise,

shall be trans-

mitted by the

Clerks of the

Sub division

Meetings to the

to the Adjutant.

Regulations re-

spefting Arms,

Accoutrements,

and Cloathing.

Penalty on Men

for felling,

pawning,lofirg,

or not returning

Arms, Scc.

The Arms,

when the MiJi.

til is not embo-

died, to be kept

where the Commanding Officer shall direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieu-

tenants, authorized by his Majesty, and he and they is and are hereby required to quarter and billet the

Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, serving in the said Supplementary Militia, at the

Times when they shall respectively be called out to exercise, in Inns, Ale-houses, Yldtualling Houses,

Livery Stables, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin,

by Retail; and also to order and provide convenient Lodging in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants,

Corporals, and Drummers, of the said Supplementary Militia, whenever the fame shall not be so called

out to exercise, unless embodied and called out to actual Service.

The Supple-

mentary Mili*

tia, when called

1 w 9

out to exercise,-

may be billetted

in Inns, See.

and Lodgings

may be provid.

J-‘ <, for the Non-

commissioned Officers and Privates, when not embodied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger

thereof, it shall be lawful (or his Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament if the Par-

liament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be

then fitting or in being) to order and direct the Lieutenants of the said several Counties, Ridings, and Places,

or on the Death or Removal, of in the Absence from their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places of any

of them, then any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all convenient Sieed, to draw out and em-

body all the Militia within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places hereinbefore appointed to be raised

and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom judge nccefiary, and in such Manner

as shall be best adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under, the Command

of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces to be led

by their respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, and for the repelling and Prevention of any

fijeh Invasion; and such Militia Men so drawn out and embodied may be incorporated into the respective

Companies of Militia then serving for the same County or Riding, by virtue of the said A61 of the twenty-

sixth Year aforesaid, or may be formed into a distinct Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or

into an Independent Company or Companies, in such Manner as shall have been fixed by the Lieutenants

of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, with the Approbation of his Majesty; and such Officers,

Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, may be appointed to the said Militia, when so drawn out and

embodied, as shall appear to be necessary, and according to Circumstances, so that the Number of Officers,

Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers respectively, shall not exceed the Proportion allowed by the

said A61 of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid; and that all Officers newly appointed, shall be approved of by

his Majesty in the Manner directed by this Act; and the Officers, Non-commissioned Officer*, Drummers,

and Private Men, so appointed, whether incorporated as aforesaid, os formed into Regiments, Battalions,

37 Geo. III. 3 L or

His Majesty

may order all

the Militia to

be embodied* in

Cafes of actual

Invasion, Scc.

and command-

and led by

General Offi-

cers, Sec. the

Occasion being

communicated

:o Parliament

if fitting; or

otherwise by

Proclamation,

