9

700

Oath:

"Which any two may administer.

Penalty for a&ins without talcing

it, 100X

Assistant Commissioners appeal,

ing, to have no Voice in their

own Appeal.

Commissioners may aCt as Af-

fistant Commissioners.

Commissioners to appoint the

first Meeting of the Assistants,

and to direct the Assessors to

give publick Notice thereof.

JTI o Days after JSgtrixg tie Lift

tf Namet for Affijlaat Cemm'ijpon-

trs, § 56.]

\ ft r I

At first Meeting future Meeting

to be appointed.

t § 49*

At second Meeting Notice to be

given of Intention to appeal,

and the Commissioner* to de-

clare to the Appellant* how they

ore to proceed.

Meeting to be continued till all

Appeals arc heard.

Persons may appeal respecting

Income, producing aligned Dc-

clarat.on attested by two Wit-

ncires, in the Form in the an-

nexed Schedule.

See § 59.

t ur.

App.-als to be heard in the Or- -

der the Declarations are deli-

vered.

C. 16. Anno tricesimo o&avoGEORGII III. A.D. 1798.

4 T A* B* do (wear. That I will faithfully execute the Office of an Assistant Commissioner, according

4 to an A&, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

4 intituled, An At7, f here set forth the Title of the Alt,] to the best of my Knowledge and Judgement.

L 4 So help me GOD.'

Which Oath any two or more of the Persons nominated Assistant Commissioners as aforesaid, is and

are hereby empowered to administer; and if any Person shall act as an Assistant Commissioner in the

Execution of this A&, before he shall have taken the Oath before-mentioned, except in administering.

the said Oath, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Apjxral by any Person or Persons who shall be

qualified to act as 511 Assistant Commissioner for the Parish or Place where such Appeal shall be made,

the Assistant Commissioner concerned therein shall have no Voice, but the fame shall be determined

by the Rest of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, in like Manner as if the

Person appealing had not so qualified himself.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners for executing

this A& shall not deem it expedient to nominate any Assistant Commissioners for the Purposes of this

A&, in their respective Divisions, or in any Parish or Place within the same, it shall be lawful for the

said Commissioners for executing this A&, and they are hereby respectively required to execute this

Ail in all Things appertaining to Assistant Commissioners, and for that Purpose to meet at such

Places, within their respective Divisions, as they shall think proper and shall appoint, and at such

Times respectively as they shall find convenient, so that this A& shall in all Rcfpe&s be duly executed

within the Times and in the Manner herein prescribed, and according to the true Intent and Meaning

hereof; and all and every the respective Powers hereby directed to beexecuted by Assistant Com*

missioners shall, in each and every of the Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, be vested in the Com-

missioners for executing this A& in their respective Divisions, as fully and efte&ually as if the said

respective Powers had been specially vested in the said last mentioned Commissioners.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for executing this A& shall

in their respective Divisions appoint the Day and Time of holding the first Meeting of the Assistant

Commissioners for each Parish or Place, and which shall be on some convenient Day within the Time

before limited*, and shall direct the respective Assessfors and Collectors to give publick Notice thereof

by affixing the fame on the Church or Chapel Door of each Parish or Place, or where there shall be

no such Church or Chapel, then to give such publick Notice thereof as hath been usual in Cafes

requiring publick Notice within such Parish or Place; which Assefl’ors and Collectors respectively are

hereby required to give such Notice accordingly, and to insert therein the Place of holding the first

Meeting of the said Assistant Commissioners, and which shall be the usual Place of holding parochial

Meetings in such PariQi or Place; and that the respective Assistant Commissioners, who have afiem-

bled at the usual Place for holding parochial Meetings, and duly qualified themselves to act for such

Parishes and Places respectively, or any three or more of them respectively, or the Commissioners for

executing this A&, or any two or more of them, where no Assistant Commissioners are named, shall,

and they are hereby empowered to fix a convenient Place for holding their future Meetings within

their respective Parishes and Places, or Distri&s, of which they shall cause the like publick Notice

to be given, and shall insert in such Notice the Time appointed as aforesaid for their second Meeting,

which shall not be later than ten Days after the Copies of the Certificates shall have been transmitted

to the respective Collectors as hereinbefore mentioned f; at which second Metting all Persons fntending

to appeal on the Ground of Income or from the Assessment made upon them, in order to obtain an

Exemption or any Abatement of the Amount thereof, shall give Notice of such Intention to the said

respective Commissioners; and the said respective Commissioners present at such second Meeting (halt

then there openly declare to the respective Persons intending so to appeal, in what Manner, and under

what Directions and Rules, they ought and should make their Declarations of the Amount of Income

in respe& whereof they shall be entitled to any such Exemption or Abatement as herein mentioned,

and how they ought to proceed in making the same; and such Meeting so to be held shall be continued

with or without Adjournment from Day to Day, (Sundays excepted,) until all the Appeals so to be

entered shall be heard and determined.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Person shall, on Account of his or her Income,

claim to be exempted from the additional Rate or Duty which shall be aftefted by virtue of this A&,

or to be entitled to any Abatement thereof, in the Proportions hereinbefore stated, it shall be lawful

(or him or her to appeal to the Assistant Commissioners to be appointed for each Parish or Place as

aforesaid, or to the Commissioners for executing this A&, as the Cafe shall require; and the said

Assistant Commissioners, or any three or more of them, not exceeding the Number of seven, as afore-

said, or the said Commissioners for executing this A&, or any two or more of them, shall, and they

are hereby required to hear and determine any such Appeal, provided that at the Time of hearing the

fame Appeal a Declaration in Writing shall be produced, signed by the Appellant, and attested by two

or more credible Witnesses, who shall have seen such Appellant iign the fame; which Declaration

shall be in the Form in the Schedule % hereunto annexed; and all such Appeals shall be heard and

determined in the Order in which such Declarations shall be delivered; and in case any Claim shall

be

/ V

d>

I

