t

344

C. 58, 59. ' Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

*’ m \ t 9 / j

hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever

shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this

Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of

this present A61, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be im-

ported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of

America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be

allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in

Councit, the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities

shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel,

belonging thereto.

may be export-

lrom this

Kingdom, if ex-

ported contrary

to Law, and

Goods imported

from tHe United

States of Ame-

rica, and not

permitted by

Law, ^nd also

Goods import- _

from tnefe States contrarylo Law, to be forfeited.

How Forfeitures

are to be reco- ,

vered and ap-

plied.

Ad to continue

in force till

April 5, 1797 \

but maybe re-

pealed this Sef-

bon.

lit. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued

for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof

disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes,

as any forfeiture incurred by any Law respeiling the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted,

and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof

shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Iv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the

fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed

by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Sefhon of Parliament.

I

CAP. LIX. ‘ '

An Act for the more effcdlual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the

Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

, [26th April 1796.]

10 Geo. in.

Cap. 16.

11 Ceo. III.

Cap. 42.

25 Geo. III.

Cap. 84. and

a8 Geo. III.

Cap. 52. re-

cited.

If, after count-

ing the House,

acceding to the

i - 1 r

4 TT WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

c y V Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

4 it is enacted, That at the Time appointed for taking any Petition, complaining of an undue Election or

4 Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, into Consideration, and previous to the reading

the Order of the Day for that Purpose, the House shall be counted, and that if there be less than one hun-

4 dred Members present, the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall be immediately ad-

4 journed to a particular Hour on the following Day, as therein mentioned, and the House shall then ad-

4 journ to the said Day; and that on the said following Day the House shall proceed in the same Manner;

and so from Day to Day till there be an Attendance of one hundred Members at the reading the Order

the Day to take such Petition into Consideration: And whereas by an Act, passed in the eleventh Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, it is enacted, That if at the

4 Time of drawing by Lot the Names of the Members, in Manner prescribed by the said former Act, the

4 Number of forty-nine Members, not set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, the House shall proceed

in the Manner they arc directed by the said former Act to proceed, in case there be less than one hundred

4 Members present at the Time therein prescribed for counting the House; and so from Day to Day, as

4 often as the Cafe shall happen: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other

4 Regulations touching the Election of Alembers to serve in Parliament for Places within England and

4 Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for removing Difficulties which may at ife for IVant cf

4 Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament; and by one other Act, made in the twenty-eighth

4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of

4 controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, That Petitions com-

4 plaining of the Omission, or of the Insufficiency of a Return to any Writ issued for the Election of any

4 Member or Members to serve in Parliament, and also the Petitions of any Person or Persons desiring to

4 oppose any Right of Election, or the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, any Returning Officer

4 or Returning Officers, which shall have been deemed valid by the Determination of any Select Committee,

4 shall be taken into Consideration, tried and determined, in the same Manner as Petitions complaining of

4 undue Elcdlions and Returns are directed to be taken into Consideration, tried, and determined, by the said

4 Acts passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas it is expe-

4 dient that further Provision should be made for preventing Delay in the Appointment of any such Select (Jom-

4 mittce, to be appointed for the Purposesaforesaid, any or either of them :* Be it enacted by the King’s moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Teinporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if, after counting of the House in

the Manner beforementioned, there be less than one hundred Members present, or if the forty-nme Mem-

bers, nor set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, it shall and may be lawful for the House, (after the

15 Order

