A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

G eorgi 1 III*

C. 50.

765

His Majesty, By

Proclamation,

may require

Aliens to regis-

ter themselves,

and obtain Li.

etnees for Re-

fukncej which

may or may not

be 1. mi ted in

Point of Time.

§ 2.

4 Provisions for the Safety of this Kingdom with respect to Aliens; and particularly to the End that a just

4 Distinction may be made between Persons who either really seek Refuge and Asylum from Oppredion and

4 Tyranny, or resort to this Country, and are resident therein, for Purposes only of Commerce, or for

4 other just or innocent Purposes, and Persons who, pretending to claim the Benefit of such Refuge ar.d

~4 Asylum as aforesaid, or to resort to this Country, or to relide therein for commercial or other just or in-

4 nocent Purposes, have or shall come to, or shall he in this Kingdom with hoftiie Purposes, and especially

4 to favour oraflift the Execution of the Projects of the Enemies of his Majesty, now openly declaring their

Intentions to invade this Kingdom, and to endeavour to destroy the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of the

4 People thereof, and the Form and Constitutron of its Government, and to bring upon this Kingdom all

the Calamities which have been fuffeied by France\ be it enacted by the Kirf^’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the' Authority of the same, 'I'hat it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his

Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be iftiied for that Purpose, from Time to 'Lime, to require and

command every Alien who ftull then be in, or shall thereafter come into, this Kingdom, (except as herein-

after excepted *,) to register himself or herself, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, with such Person or

Persons, and in such Distriilor Districts, as his Majesty by his said Proclamation shall appoint, and within

such Tune or Times as in such Proclamation or Proclamations shall be required; and thereupon to obtain

from such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall for that Purpose appoint, his Majesty’s Royal Licence to

such Alien to reside within this Kingdom, either generally in any Part thereof without Reftridlion, or spe-

cially in such Place or Piaces, and under such.Restrictions or Conditions, as to his Majesty shall seem fit ;

which Licence shall either be without Limitation in Point of Time, or shall endure for such Space of Time

as shall therein be expressed, and no longer; but every such Licence shall be capable of being revoked, and

if limited in Point of 'l ime, shall be capable of being renewed and continued at such Times and in such

Manner, as in such Licence, or from Time to Time by his Majesty’s Proclamation or Order in Council,

shall be directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of obtaining, such Licence as aforesaid, every such

Alien as aforesaid shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Person or Persons who shall, by any such Pro-

clamation, or by any Order of his Majesty in Council, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, be

appointed to receive the same, and at or before the Time to be appointed for that Purpose, a full and true

Account in Writing of his or her Name, Age, Rank, Occupation, or Profession, and where such Alien

was born, and of what Parents, and where such Alien usually resided beyond the Seas before his or her Ar-

rival in this Kingdom, and whtffe such Alien last resided beyond the Seas beforehisor herlaft Arrival in this

Kingdom, and in what Situation or Condition, and for what Reason and for what Purpose such Alien left

such Residence and came to this Kingdom, and when such Alien iaft arrived in this Kingdom, and at what

Place, and whether before or after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, and if after, whether such Alien made such Declaration or delivered such Account as is required by

the said recited Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and when and to whom, and at what

Place; and in what Town or Place, Towns or Places in this Kingdom such Alien has resided since the

Time when such Alien last arrived in this Kingdom: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for

his Majesty to exempt any Alien or Aliens, by the Perms of any such Proclamation, or by any Order in

Council, orfpecially by Warrant from one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, from the Obli-

gation to deliver such Account as by this Act required, in the Whole or in Part, as to his Majesty shall

seem fit: Provided also, that no Alien who shall deliver any such Account as aforesaid, shall be liable to any

Prosecution for any Offence against the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, by reason

of any Matter or Thing disclosed in such Account. cution for offences against 33 Geo. 3.

Ill- And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being an Alien, shall be found at large in Great Penalty on

Britain after the l ime in any. such Proclamation to be limited for obtaining such Licence as aforesaid by

such Person. such Person not having obtained such Licence as aforesaid, or an Allowance of Time unex-

pired to obtain such Licence, and not being exempted from the Obligation to deliver such Account as afore-

said, by this Act, or by any Proclamation or Order of his Majesty in Council, or by special Warrant from

one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall and

may, at the Discretion of the Court before whom he or she shall be so convicted, be adjudged to differ Im-

prisonment for any 'l ime not exceeding one Year, or to be transported beyond the Seas for any l ime not

exceeding seven Years. . . . v . -

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person authorized to grant such Licences as afore-

said, and to whom Application shall be made for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall think fit to refuse to

give such Licence to any Alien who shall apply for the fame, such Alien so applying for such Licence shall

be forthwith conveyed before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and committed to Prison, until such

Alien shall be conveyed out of Great Britain, by Warrant from one of his Majesty’s Principal.Secretaries

of State i unless his Majesty shall otheiwife think fit, or unless the Person authorized to grant such Licence,

and to whom Application for the fame shall have been made, shall think fit to give such Alien further Time

for the Purpose’of obtaining such Licence, and shall signify the Allowance of such further l ime by Writ-

ing under his Hand and Seal, specifying the Time allowed for obtaining such Licence; during which Time-

the Alien to whom such Time shall have been so allowed, shall and may reftde within this Kingdom, , in the

fame.

To obtain fueft

Licences an Ac-

count shall be

delivered by

every Alien

containing cer-

tain Particulars*,

respecting his

Birth, Rest-

dcncc, &c.

His Majesty

may exempt

Aliens from de»

livering such

Accounts; and

Aliens deliver-

ing them, not

liable to Prose-

Alicns found at

large, not hav.

ing obtamed Li-

cences; Impri-

fonment or '

Transportation.

Jftbc Persons

authorized to

grant Licences -

think fit to re.

fuse them, ihc

Parties to be

conveyed before

a Justice, and

comquUcd,

