li

(Private,) 38 GEO. III.

Lands, within the Parish of Weft on Turville, in the

County of Buckingham.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving,

a Moor, or Trad! or Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth

and Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands

and Grounds, in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and

County of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of

Common upon certain ancient Infield Lands, within the

said Chapelry.

$4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the feve-

fal Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor

and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

lying within the Parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and

certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands,

and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount

Field, Red Dean Field, and PeJJills Field, and Part of a

certain Moor called Little Shelford Moor, within Harston

and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelford

and ATewton, some or one of them, all in the County of

Cambridge.

56. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in the Parish

of Kirkby Overblow, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York.

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddington

Esquire, with Grace Ashburner his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

58. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of the Honourable

and Reverend Thomas James Twifleton with Charlotte

Anne Frances his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances

IVattell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James JVoodmafon

Esquire, with Mary Alagde lain his now Wife, late Alary

Magdclain Gavilie, and for enabling him to marry again,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick Rheinwald.

6«. An Act for naturalizing Emily de Vifme, an Infant.

61. An Act for naturalizing John Brock.

63. An A«5I for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John

Guitton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed

pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and

ter laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase

of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

64# An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Ro-

bert Lawley Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford and

Warwick, inTrustees, and their Heirs, in Trull, for the

laid Sir Robert Lawley, to be sold, and for settling other

Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, of 1

greater Value, in lieu thereof.

65. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in,

upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the

Parish of JVhipJnade, in the County of Bedjord\ and for

enabling William Beckford Esquire, the Owner of the

said Woods or Wood Grounds, to enclole the fame ; and

for vesting a perpetual clear yearly Relit Charge, to be

iflfuingout of the fame Woods or Wood Grounds, in the

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said

Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Com-

pcnfation for such Right of Common.

66. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commons or

Moors called Chilton Common, otherwise Wild Alarjh,

Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing,

regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or

Grounds called Chilton Aioor, and Pury Atoor, all situate

within the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity, Jl'emb-

don, Durleigh, and Bridgwater, in the County of So-

merfet,

67. An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to en-

close, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kens-

worthy in the County of Hertford.

68. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will

of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the

Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, under the Direc-

tien of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for

other Purposes.

69. An Act to confirm the Renunciation and Release of

James Gordon Esquire, as one of the Devisees, in Trust,

of Samuel Whitbread Esquire, deceased, and to give

Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised

Estates late of the said Samuel Whitbread, and Power of

changing and appointing new Trustees of the lame Estates,

and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain

Parts thereof.

70* An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled

Estates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie Esquire, and applying

the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Con-

veyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, to

be made of Part of such settled Estates, for the Purpose of

building.

71. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates,

devised by the Will of Sir John Mordaunt deceased, in

the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough

and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Ules

of the said Will.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and

Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of

Thurcaston, in the County of Leicester.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Com-

monable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of

Swithland, in the County of Leicester.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis

Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the

Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Mea-

dows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places,

within, or belonging to, the Panlh of Sutton Vcny, in the

County of Wilts.

76. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in

the County of Derby.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cam-

bridge.

6

78. An

