A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 21—26,

47

TABLE B.

Goods exported from this Kingdom.

Duty.

British Rock Salt, the Bushel containing sixty-five Pounds —

Coals usually sold by Measure, exported to any Place, (except to Ireland, the Isle of Alan, 1

any Brj/ish Colony or Plantation in America, or to the United States of America,) the

Chalder, Newcastle Measure — — — ““ J

Coals usually sold by Weight, exported to any Place, (except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, 1

any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to the United States of America,) the

Ton containing twenty hundred Weight — — — )

£ * d.

001

+ 7

1 10

CAP. XXL

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. [2,000,000l.] [27th March 179$.J

\; CAP. XXII. . J

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. [1,500,000l.] [27th March 1795.]

HH ^cap. xxiii.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be illiied and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank cf England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Com-

missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. [27th March 1795*]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act further to continue an Ac! made in the thirty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

fir establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rtfident therein, in certain Cafes.

[28th April 1795.]

44 33 Geo. Ill, Cap. 4, recited, and continued to Jan. 1, 1796, and to the End of the then next Session of

44 Parliament.” :l,‘

CAP. XXV.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made, in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Ifand c/'Newfoundland, and the Ifands adjacent.

[28th April 1795.]

44 33 Geo. Ill, Cap. 76, recited, and continued till June 10, 1796, and to the End of the then next Session

44 of Parliament.” , §

iy . ' CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects

of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried

on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said

United States.—[28th April 1795.J

4 IT 7HEREAS n Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for preventing certain Injlruments from being requiredfrom Ships belonging to the United States

c of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade

and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States ;

4 which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-five: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers cf an Act, made in the twenty third Tear of his

4 present Alajefly, u for giving his Majesty certain Powers fir the better carrying on Trade and Commerce

li between the Subjects of his Mate fty 1 Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America,” to the

4 Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to

-Vi c certain

23 Geo. Hi,

Cap. 39.

24 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 45.

