A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 112,113. 653

any subsequent Genera] Quarter Bessions,) together with a Copy or Copies of their Detainers, and to exa-

mine into the Value of the Estatesand Effects of the said Prisoners, and each and every of them, by the Oath

of one or more Witness or Witntflcs, and to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands

and Seals of any two or more'of them, thereby directing and requiring the respective Sums due from the said

Prisoners respectively to the said George Markham, and for which they are respectively charged or detained

in the said Prison, to be levied upon their respective Goods and Chattels; and if the Goods and Chattels of

the said Prisoners respectively shall not be found sufficient, then the Real Estates of the said Prisoners reflec-

tively (if any such there be) shall, by the said Justices, or any two or more of them, be assigned over to the

said George Markham till such Time as the said Debts, with all Costs and Charges, shall be respectively paid,

and the said Prisoners shall, upon tjjeir Appearance respectively before the said Justices, be respectively dif-

charged from their said Imprisonment as to the said Debt or Debts; and so loon as the said Debt or Debts,

with all Colts and Charges, "shall have been fully paid and satisfied, the Estates of the said Prisoners so assigned

to the said George-Markham as aforesaid, shall be re-conveyed or assigned to them respectively according to

the Right, Title, or Interest which they respectively had therein or thereto at the Time of the passing of this

Act.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enadlc J, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any

Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors within the Space of ten Years last past, shall have

or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Mean-

ing thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding. Years, to be entitled to

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by this Act an

Oath is required, the foiemn Affinnation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and

taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and fajfe

Affirmation, shall incur and fuller such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon

Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXill. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

- ' c a p. cxiil

An.Afl for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised.by a Lottery.

[19th July 1797.]

c Most Gracious Sovereign, ,

c W/ E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, \n Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, have

4 freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of six hundred and forty six thousand two

4 hundred and fifty Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of fifty-five thousand Tickets, at eleven

4 Pounds and fifteen Shillings each, in such Manner as is hereinafter directed and appointed: And whereas

4 pursuant to and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons

4 have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the

4 said Sum of six hundred and forty-six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and made Deposits with

the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound and five

4 Shillings in respeci of every such Ticket; your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your

Majesty that it may be enacted,* &c.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required

44 to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier tQ give Security, to the

44 Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer.

44 Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000l.'the

44 Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of

44 the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books nreferibed. Managers to exa-

44 rnine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the

44 fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money received

44 and paid in Undisposed'Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the Middle Columns

44 to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indent wile into a Box marked with the

44 Letter (>f), and put into another Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two

44 Columns, on each of which 55,000 Tickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outerrnoft Column of

44 the last mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B),

44 13c. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing 011

44 February 26, 1798. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to bd printed. Disputes to be

44 adjusted by the Managers. Forging Tickets made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Per-

44 fons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50 ’. Reward No Attainder for any of the Offences against this Act

44 shall cause any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Difheirifon of Heirs. Managers to be sworn. Ca-’

44 fhicr may receive the Sums subscribed; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket

44 for every 11/. 15/. paid. Mttijfuguft 11, 1797, the Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding m Value Half

44 of the Sum actually subscribed; and shall give Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the

“ value

to be levied on

their kffctU*

&Ci

No Persons wli®

have taken the

Benefit of any

Insolvent Act

within ten

Relief under this.

Affirmation of

Quakers to be

taken.

Act not to ex-

tend to Scot-

land.

