872 G»$7)£8« Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Trust for such

Pvrpofts as the

Court shall di-

rect in any Suit.

Executor, re-

I

the said Courts pending such Suit, such Executors or Executor shall be made Party to such Suit, and the

Costs incurred by granting such Administration, and by proceeding in such Suit against such Administrator,

shall be paid by such Person or Persons, or out of such Fund as the Court where such Suit is depending shall

direct.

turning to reside within JurisdidUonof the Court, to be made a Party in such Suit. ' ' ' 1

VI. And whereas Inconveniences arise from granting Probate to Infants under the Age of twenty-

4 onebe it enacted, That where an infant is foie Executor, Administration, with the Will annexed, shall

be granted to the Guardian of such Infant, or to such other Person as the Spiritual Court shall think tit,

until such Infant shall have attained the full Age of twenty-one Years, at which Period, and not before.

Probate of the Will shall be granted to him.

granted to the Guardian, tec. till the Infant is twenty-one. '

Where an In-

fant is foie Ex-

ecutor, Admi

nistration, with

the Will an-

nexed, to be

who shall "have

the fame Power

as an Admini-

strator durante

miMPre acute.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Person to whom such Administration shall be granted, shall have the

fame Powers vested in him as an Administrator now hath by virtue of an Administration granted to him du-

rente minore estate of the next of Kin. " . , T

CAP. LXXXVIII.

Clause in for-

mer Acts re-

specting the

Certificates of

Qualification

required to be

given by Maf-

ter$, recited.

doubts arising

by whom Certi-

ficates to be

attested.

Policies of In-

furance made

before the pass^

ing of this A&,

not to be void

% reason of

Certificates

given under re-

nted Acts, tec.

An Act for regulating, until the first Day ot August one.thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the ship-

ping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa*—[a8th June 1798.]

[See Statutes 29 Geo. 3. r. 66; 30 Geo. 3. c. 33; 31 Geo* 3. c* 54; 32 Geo. 3. c. 52; 33 Geo. 3. r. 73 5

34 Geo* 3. c. 80; 35 Geo. 3. c. 90; 37 Geo* 3. c* 104-] /*

XXV. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and

4 which was afterwards continued by several subsequent Acts, passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, and

4 thirty-fifth Years of his said present Majesty’s Reign, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day

4 of Anguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a

4 Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear

out from any Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless

4 such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have

4 made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where

4 such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that he has

4 already lerved in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during

the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and

4 carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having

the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or

4 employ such Person, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred

4 Pounds: And whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Construction of the above-mentioned Clause,

4 whether the Certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the

4 Customs, should be attested by the respective Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel wherein the Person

4 or Persons then about to take the Command of the Ship or Vessel required to be cleared out, had for-

4 merly failed in some or one of the Capacities by the said Act specified and required, or by the respective

4 Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person or Persons was or were then about to fail as

the Master or Commander thereof, as believing the Fadls dated in the Affidavit of such Person or Persons

4 then about to have or take the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel to be true: And whereas

4 inconsequence of such Doubts, the Collectors or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Ports of Lon-

4 don and Liverpool, doubting the Meaning and Construction of the said Acts, have required and taken Ccr-

4 tificates attested in both the Ways before mentioned, and cleared out Ships or Vessels under each Form

4 of Certificate, in consequence of which great Inconveniences have arisen, and Doubts have been made

4 touching the Legality of the Policies of Insurance made upon such Ships or Vessels be it therefore fur-

ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said former Acts of Parliament hereinbefore

mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, invalidate, or

make void, any Policy or Policies of Insurance which shall have been made before the passing of this Act,

by reason or in consequence of any Certificate or Certificates which have been required and given in order

to the clearing out any Ship or Vessel, employed in the Slave Trade, to the Coast of Africa^ by the

Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the Owner or Owners of

some other Ship or Vessel in whose Employ the Person then about to fail had been formerly employed and

failed, so as always the Matter contained in the said Affidavits so made or to be made as aforesaid, shall be

true in Substance and Matter of FadI, or to inflidl any Penalty or Penalties upon the Owner or Owners of

&ch Ship or Vessel. w { 1

[In all other Refpefis the Ail is the fame as 37 Geo. 3. c.104.]

CAP.

f *. V

■% \ «» ». .% m n tt I Jf

4

