626

Penalty of 10I.

fir not deliver-

ing Lifts ami

Declarations,

&<r.

After OCt. ro,

1797* a Penalty

of 10I. for hav-

ing Clocks or

Watches, and

not having de-

clared the fame.

The Duties on

Clocks in or on

Dwelling

Iloufes not en-

joyed by any

particular Oc-

cupier to he

charged upon

the Landlords.

Duties onClocks

let with Dwell-

ing Houses, Arc.

to be paid by tke

Occupiers#

How Duties on

Infants are to be

charged.

Duty not to ex-

tend to House

holders exempt-

from the Du-

ticson Windows

and Houses, for

cnc Clock, and

one Silver or

Metal Watch:

Nor to Occu-

piers of Houses

not rateable at

more than ten

Windows, for

Clocks not

werth more

than 20s.

Not to extend

to the Royal

Family, or Am-

baftadors, or to

HospitaL,

Churches, kc. j

C. 108. Anno tricesimo feptimo CIeorgii III. A.D. r797*

of such Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such Clock or Timekeeper shall be-

long, shall be liable in Payment of the fame, in like Manner as the Goods and Chattels of any Owner of any

Clock charged with the said Duty by this Act is hereby, or by any Aiit or Acts herein referred to, made liable

for Non-payment of the said Duty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Occupier of any Dwelling House, or any Officer of

any Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person liable under the Directions before

contained to deliver such Lift and Declaration as aforesaid to the Afl'essor or Aftessors, shall refuse or neglect,

within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, to deliver-or cause to be delivered, to such Afleftbr or Afleifors,

such Lift or Declaration spectfying the Number of Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, used as aforesaid by

such Occupier or Occupiers, and likewise of those belonging to all such Persons dwelling within such Dwell-

ing House, Office, or Building, as shall have respectively made to such Occupier the Declaration hereinbe-

fore required, or belonging to such Company, Body Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate; or if any Person or

Persons dwelling in any Dwelling House, and liable, under the Directions of this ACt, to give to the Occu-

pier thereof such Declaration as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, on Demand, to give such Declaration of the

Number of his or her Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, or to declare that he, she, or they has or have

used or worn none, to such Occupier, and to sign his or her Name to such Declaration, he or she so neglect-

ine or refusing shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any Person shall have, keep, and use, any Clock, or Timekeeper

for the Purpose of a Clock, or keep and wear, or use, any Watch, or T imekeeper for the Purpose

of a Watch, liable to any Duty by this Act imposed, without having declared the fame in the Man-

ner herein directed, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten

Pounds. li'-'i : itjwS-Jb

XVIII. And be it Further enacted, That when any Dwelling House, with the Offices and Buildings

thereto belonging, shall be demised to different Occupiers in separate Apartments the Duties by this Act

granted as aforesaid, which shall become payable in respect of any Clock or Timekeeper, placed or being in

or upon such Dwelling House, Office, or Building, and belonging to the Landlord or Landlords, and not

exclusively in the Enjoyment of any particular Occupier, shall be charged upon the Landlord or Landlords

who let or demised the lame, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and not on the Occupier or Oc-

cupiers.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, which shall

be payable in respe& of any Clock or Timekeeper, placed or being in or upon any Dwelling House, or

any Office or Building belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, and which shall be let or demised

together with such Dwelling House, Office, or Building, shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers

thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and not by the Landlord or Landlords, except

in the Cafe hereinbefore mentioned, any Covenant, Agreement, or Contract to the contrary notwith-

ftu riding. «. y.t+fi

XX. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties hereby granted, which shall become pay-

able by any Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, having a Parent or Guardian, or residing

with any Tutor or Curator, shall be charged upon such Parent or Guardian, or such Tutor or Curator,

provided the Name cf such Parent, Guardian, Tutor, or Curator, shall be returned to such Afleftbr or

AftelTors of the aforesaid Duties, or in Default thereof, the said Duties shall be charged upon and paid by

such Infant.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Person who shall inhabit any Dwelling House wholly exempt

from the Payment of the Duties on Windows or Lights, by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, and also of the Duties on inhabited Houses, by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of his piefent Majesty, in respect of one Clock, or Timekeeper to be used fur the Purpose of a Clock,

or having only one Clock or Timekeeper, in respect of one Silver or Metal Watch, or Silver or Metal

Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Watch; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge

with the said Duty, 2ny Person inhabiting a Dwelling House which, together with the Offices thereunto

belonging, is or ought to be rated at not more than ten Windows or Lights to the Duties on WinJows or

Lights, in respect of any Clock, or 'Timekeeper used for the Purpose of a Clock, in such Dwelling iioufe,

the Movements of which Clock or Timekeeper shall be made of Wood, or fixed upon Wood, and which

Clocks are usually sold by the respective Makers thereof at a Trice not exceeding the bum of twenty Shillings

for each such Clock, or which shall not be of greater Value than the said Sum of twenty Shillings; any

Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to ex-

tend to charge with the aforesaid Duties, any Clock or Timekeeper placed or being in or upon any Build-

ing in the Occupation of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of the Royal Family, or of any Am-

bafLdor or Foreign Minister reiiding in Great Britain, or in or upon either House of Parliament, or

any Hospital or other Building erected and maintained for charitable Purposes, nor upon any Parish

Church, or any Chapel or other Place of Public religious Worship, or any Watch or Timekeeper kept,

>3 had.

