XXXI

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

138. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act

fir hitler securing the Freedom of E left ions of Members to

serve in Parliaments by disabling certain Officers, employed

in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenue s,

from giving their Votes at such Elections, by extending the

Provisions thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of

Freeholders for Prefesor Clerk, or on any Question rela-

tive to the Adjuflment of the Roll of Freeholders, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empower-

ing Freeholders to administer the Oath of Trust and

Pollcffion to Persons offering to vote for Prefes and

Clerk.

130. An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into

hxecution certain Powers contained in two Acts of the

present Session of Parliament, for raising a provisional

Cavalry, (o far as the fame relate to the registering and

accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said provisional Ca-

valry, in such Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties,

wherein the said Acts have not been carried into Execu-

tien.

140. An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effedlu-

ally to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sen-

tence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprison-

ment under such Sentences.

141. An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the

House of Commons, for the Time being, to fend and

receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of

Postage. " . ..

142. An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Cal-

cutta, Aladrasy and Bombay; and for preventing British

Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native

Princes in India.

143. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of toe Use

of Defective Ir eights, and ojfalfe and unequal Balances.

144. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; for

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Ex-

chequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts,

Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lofl, burnt, or other-

wife destroyed.

145. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving,

and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rochdale through

Bamfiid and Birtle to Bury, and for making and main-

taining three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in

the County Palatine of Lancaster.

146. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering,

improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near

the Guide Post, at or near a certain Place, called Sudden

Bridges in the Township of CafUcton, within the Parish of

Rjochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the

Northeafieriy End of a certain Street or Place, in the

Town of Burys within the Parish of Bury, in the said

County, called Clerke Street; and for making a new

Road from and out of the said Road, at or near a Place

caTlcd Captain Folds in the Township of CaflUton aforesaid,

to communicate as well with the Turnpike Road leading

from the Town of Rochdale to the Town of Manchester,

in the said County, as also with the Rochdale Canal, at or

near a Place called The Blue Pitts, in the said Township

of Caflleton,

147. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Magdalen Gates in the City of Nor-

wichs to.the King's Arms Inn, in North Walsham, in the

County of Norfolk.

148. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, parted in

the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, and in the tenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the

County of Sussex, lo far as the said Acts relate to the Road

_ leading from the Bridge at the North End of Farnhurst

Lanes through Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, and

from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, all in the said County

of Suffix.

149. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two fe-

veral Acts of Parliament, the one made in the twenty-?

third Year of the Rei£n of His late Majesty, and the other

in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road from the City of fork, over Skipbridgey to Bor- -

roughbridge, in the County of York.

150. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Roads

from Basingfloke, through Popham Lanes Sutton Scotney,

and Stockbndges in the County of Southampton, to a Place

called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Jyilts.

151. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in

the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y garth,

and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Den-

bigh. ' - <; J: \

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirtieth Years

of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the thirteenth Year

of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the

Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, so far as

relate to the Road leading from a Gate called Shipflon

Toll Gate, at Bridge Towns in the Parish of Old Stratford,

through Alder mi nfler and Shipflon upon Stoiver, to the

Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of War-

wick.

153. An Act for more effectually making and repairing

certain Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcwlbright, and for

amending an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways,

Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

154. An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair the Road from West Lavington, unto and through the

Town of the Devizes, to the House known by the Name

of The Green Man, in Seend, in the County of Wilts;

and from Roude Ford, through the Dnnzes Market-

place, to join the Beckhampton Turnpike Road near

Warfdyke; and from the Fall End of the Devizes afore-

said, to the Fop of Red Hone Hill, in the said County of

Wilts.

155. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the third and

seventeenth Years of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from that Part of

9 v Chatham

