4© 8

C. 116.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

From cttfem-

bodying tin* Mi-

litia, the Sub-

alterns to have

certain Annual

Allowances

over the Pay

•they may be

entitled to du-

ring Peace;

Exceptions.

Subalterns to

take the follow

in g

Oath.

Jo (Vice! to

transmit Oaths

to the Receiver

General of the

Land Tax for

the County.

Subalterns to

attend the An-

nual Exercise,

on Pain of .for-

feiting their Al-

lowance and

their Pay.

Certificate of

such Attend-

alice to be trans-

mitted by the

Commanding

Officer to the

Lieutenant and

Receiver Gene-

ral of the Land

Tax for the

County.

cap. cxvi.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in

Time of Peace.—[18th May 1796.]

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aliem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces of

this Kingdom, certain Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they arc now by

Law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Defcrip-

tiens, to the Amount, under the Refiriclions, and in the Manner herein-after exprefledI j (that is to say,)

tQ every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who, having at any 'l ime previous to the Expiration ot four

Months, from the naffing of an Act of the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making Allow-

ances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, been appointed to a Com mi.lien

in the Militia, is now serving, and shall continue faithfully to serve, in the fame Corps, until the disem-

bodying thereof, the following Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law

entitled during Peace, shall be allowed and paid without any Deductions of any Kind, or for any Purpose

whatsoever; (that is to say,) to a Lieutenant twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and to an Ensign twenty

Pounds per Annum, in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is ox shall at any Time hereafter be-

come noflefled of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law qualify him to hold a Captain’s Commission

in the Militia, or who is or (hallatany "lime hereafter be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Re-

giment or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any Way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern

Officer of the Militia, any Income, Stipend, or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on

the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern’s Commission, and

serve as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in anywise entitled to the said Annual Allowances, or any

Part or Share thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise not with (landing.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, who shall claim under the

Authority of this Act to receive either of the said Annual Allowances, fhatl, previous to receiving the faint*,

and in order to entitle thenWelves thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before fonie one of his Ma-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps in which

they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effedi following ; (videlicet,)

A. B, do swear. That I am now serving as a Subaltern Officer in the

Regiment [or Corps] of

Militia, and that l am not in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, nor have been since thedif-

embodying of the said Regiment, [or Corps,j' in the actual Polleffiori and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the

4 Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of such an . Annual Value above Reprizcs, as

4 would qualify me to hold a Captain’s Commission in the Militia ; that I am not, nor have been, lince the

4 disembodying the said Regiment, [or Corps,] an Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment [or Corps

4 of Militia] ; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I held or enjoyed, nor does or has any Person for me

hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying of the said Regiment, [or Corns,] any Office

4 or Income whatsoever from the Public ; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the

4 Navy, Army, or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment [or Corps].

4 So help me GOD.*

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he

is hereby required to certify and transmit the fame to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County,

Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be thfp

serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer of the Militia who shall be entitled, or

claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the Annual Exercise and Training of

the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, during the Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required

for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do andr perform his Duty as a Subaltern Of-

ficer of such Regiment or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Annual Allowance, as well as the rest of his

Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year,/m which he shall neglect or refuse to

attend ; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding

Officer of the Regiment or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Offi-

cer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the

said Regiment or Corns of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be

by the said Receiver General received previous to any such Subaltern Officer being entitled to demand or

receive the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, claiming

to be entitled to such Annual Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any

special cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be abient during the Whole or any Part of such Annual Kxer-

. f* nr cik

