Salt (Reck Salt

*nd Foreign

Salt excepted)

for which the

Duties have

betn paid, or

secured to be

paid, may be

ex ported upon

certain Condi-

tiens.

Officer to give

the Exporter a

Debenture, eX.

pressing the

Quantity of Salt

exported, Sec.

on Production

of which to the

Collector of the

Port, he shall

allow a Draw-

back of the

Duty.

No Certificate

for cancelling

Ponds, or De-

benture for ob-

taining Draw-

backs, shall be

made out upon

Exportation of

Salt or Rock /

Salt, or upon

Delivery of Salt

for curing Fish,

C. 89. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

under his Hand, specifying the Quantity and Species of the Salt or Rock Salt so shipped for Exportation as

aforesaid, and also the Name or N ames of the Person or Persons from whom the Salt or Rock Salt was brought

or Cent, together with the Date and Number of the Permit with which the fame was accompanied, and the

Day on which the Salt or Rock Salt was so shipped as aforesaid.

I/XXVI1L And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons

who shall have paid, or secured to be paid, his Majesty’s Duty due and payable for any Salt, (Rock Salt

and Foreign Salt excepted,) or who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any Salt (Rock Salt and Foreign

Salt excepted) from the Person or Persons who a£tua)ly paid his Majesty’s Duties for the fame, to export

from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any Salt (Rock Salt and Foreign Salt excepted) for

which all the Duties shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, to any Parts beyond the Seas, by way cf

Merchandize, upon the Terms and according to the Directions hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to say,)

the Person or Persons so intending to export such Salt as aforesaid, shall give fix Hours Notice in Writing

of the Fime and Place of shipping such Salt, unto the proper Officer of the Port or Place where such Salt

shall be intended to be shipped, who shall thereupon attend, and fee the fame weighed and put on Ship-

board ; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Salt shall cause all such Salt to be weighed and shipped in

the Presence of such Officer accordingly ; and shall also, before the shipping thereof, give sufficient Bond

or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons appointed or

employed by them for that Purpose, in treble the Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that all

and every Part of the Salt so intended to be exported shall, the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies only

excepted, be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall not be unshipped, unladen, or laid or put on

board any other Ship or Veftel in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted); and

the Exporter shall make Oath before the proper Officer of Excise of the said Port or Place, (which Oath

such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that he believes the Duty upon such Salt

has been fully paid, or secured to be paid ; and the said Officer of Excile being satisfied that all such Salt

has been duly and fairly shipped and exported, shall, within one Month after the Exportation thereof, give

to the Exporter, or his Chief Clerk or Manager, a Debenture, expressing the Quantity of such Sail so

exported as aforesaid, and that Oath has been made that the Duty has been paid (or the fame, and also

that Bond or Security has been given for the due Exportation thereof; and such Debenture being produced

to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence the Salt was exported, such Collector shall

forthwith pay or allow to the Person or Persons so exporting the fame, or his, her, or their Agent or

Agents, a Drawback or Allowance of the Duty before paid for such Salt so exported ; and if such Collector

shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the fame, the respective Commissioners of Excise in

England or Scotland are hereby required and enjoined to pay the said Drawback or Allowance out of the

.Duty on Salt. > Mf

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate or Debenture for cancelling or discharging

any Bond or Security, or for obtaining any Drawback or Allowance of Duty, shall be made out upon the

Exportation of any Salt, or Rock Salt, or upon the Receipt or Delivery of any Salt to be used or em-

ployed in curing and preserving Fish, until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Exporter oc

Exporters, of such Salt or Rock Salt, or one of them respectively, or his, her, or their known Agent,

shall have verified upon Oath, before the proper Officer cf Excise, that all the Salt, or Rock Salt, for

which such Certificate or Debenture shall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to Parts beyond

the Seas, or duly delivered into the Custody of the Fish Curer to whom the fame was consigned, as the

Cafe may be, which Oath such Officer of Excise is hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

until it shall have been verified on Oath, that it has been duly exported or delivered.

No Certificate

or Deberti re for

Repayment cf

Duty for Salt,

or lor cancelling

Bonds given in

respectof Salt or

Rock Salt ex-

ported to Ire-

land, Arc. shall

be granted, until

If Salt or Rock

Salt flapped for

Exportation,

fli;M be urt/hip-

ped or put in

any ofch.r Veflll

|n Great Britain,

it shall be for-

felted with the

Vcfltl.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, J hat no Certificate or Debenture for the Repayment of Duty for

and in respect of Salt, or for cancelling or discharging any Bond or Security given in respect of Sale or

Rock Salt exported to Ireland, or the Klands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Jlderney, or Man, shall be given

or granted, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Colle£tor, Comptroller,

and Surveyor of his Majesty’s Customs, or any two of them, belonging to the Port in Ireland,\ or of the

lfle of Man, or from the Register of Certificates, or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the said Ifiamte

of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, at which such Salt or Rock Salt respectively shall have been landed,

certifying that such Salt or Rock Salt has been duly landed there.

a Certificate be produced of its being duly landed. ^ L^f

LXXXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Salt or Rock Salt which shall be entered or shipped

for Exportation, either (ree of Duty, or upon the low Duty to which Rock Salt for Exportation, is (ubjtsft

and liable, or for the Purpose or with Intent to obtain the Drawback of any Duty, shall be unfhioned. un-

loaded, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Veftel in Great Britain, (Shipwrec

avoidable Accident excepted,) then and in every such Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the

to be given by this Act>, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty’s Use, all the Salt or Rock

Salt which shall be so unshipped, unloaded, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Veftel in Great

Britain, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the fame, and also

the Ship or Veftel from or out of which, and the Ship or Veftel into which such Salt shall be taken or put,

and the fame receptively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

LXXXII. And

Bond directed

