A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 41. 747

as far as the fame were in Force at and immediately before the Time of parting this Adb and are severally

and respectively applicable to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or any of them ; or according to such

Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are or may be prescribed and appointed by any Act or AdTs, parted

or to be passed in the present Sertion of Parliament, for any of the Purposes hereinbefore expiefTed; and

that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts in relation to the said respective Rates or Duties

hereby repealed, or any of them, and in Force at and immediately before the parting of this Act, or in any

Act or Acts passed or to be parted in this Session of Parliament, for the a(Te(sing, raising, levying, collecting,

and paying the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, or any other the Rates and Duties under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be in full Force, and be severally and respectively

duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the artefling,

railing, levying, collecting, and paying the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the

Body of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall serve in any Volunteer Horses providod

Corps raised by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and shall provide a Horse, Mare, for Volunteer

or Gelding, for such Service, or who shall at his or her Expence furnish a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for Co[Ps not liable

any Person serving in any such Corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such Horse, Mare, or to uly'

Gelding, with the Duties by this Act imposed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of In Certificates

the Corps or Troop in which any such Person as aforesaid shall serve, not only the several Persons who of Commanding

shall serve, but also the several Persons who shall furnish any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for any other cor^the Per*

Persons serving in any such Corps, shall be inserted ; and that Affidavits of the several Persons serving in so°Tf«rving, and

such Corps, for whom any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall be furnished, declaring by whom respectively the Persons pro-

the fame are fumilhed, shall in every such Cafe be annexed to such Certificate. viding Horses

for others, to be inserted.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have retained or employed any Male Servant

or Servants, or kept any Carriage, Horse, Mule, or Dog, in the Course of the Year ending on the fifth

Day of ^r/7 one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of June

one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, without any previous Notice for that Purpose, cause to be

prepared true and particular Lifts in Writing, signed by such Person, or on his or her Behalf, which Lifts

shall severally be made out in the F orms prescribed in the Schedule* annexed to this Act, and shall contain

the Parish or Place, and Parishes or Places, where such Person shall reside; and one of such Lifts shall

also contain the greatest Number of Male Servants retained or employed by such Persons at any Time

in the Course of the Year ending on the fifth Day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

in any of the Capacities mentioned in an Act, passed in the twenty-fifrh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty +, and charged with any Duty by the said Act; another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest

Number of Carriages mentioned or described in another Act, passed in the said twenty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty %•> kept by such Person at any one Time within the like Period, and charged

with any Duty by the said Act last-mentioned, distinguishing the Number of such Carriages with four

Wheels from the Number of such Carriages with less than four Wheels, and also from the Number of such

Carriages liable as T axed Carts-, another of the said Lifts shall contain the greatest Number of Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, mentioned or described in an Act, passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty §, kept by such Person at any one Time for any the LJfes and Purposes in the said

Act mentioned, within the like Period, and charged with any Duty by the said Act; another of such Lifts

shall contain the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, mentioned or described in an Act,

passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ||, and charged with any Duty by the

said Act, and also the greatest Number of Mules kept by such Person at any one Time within the like

Period ; and another Lift shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept by such Person within the like

Period, distinguishing therein any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Ter-

rier, from any other Dog, where one Dog only shall be kept by such Person ; and every fitch Person re-

ftding within the Limits of the City of London, the City or Liberty of JVrJirninJier, the Weekly Bills of

Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bone, or Saint Pancrasy in the County of Middlesex, or the Bo-

rough of Southwark, in the County of Surrexy shall, within the Period before prescribed, caulc such Lifts

to be delivered at the Chief Office of the Commissioners for the Affafers cf T axes, or to such Person or

Persons, and at such Place or Places, as the said Commissioners shall appointand every such Person

refid'ng in any Part of Great Britain, without the Limits aforesaid, shall cause such Lifts to be delivered

to the Surveyor of the said Rates and Duties for the District where such Person shall reside, or to such other

Person or Persons, and at such Place or Places, within such District, as the said Surveyor, with the Ap-

probation of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them, shall appoint;:

and every such Person shall be liable to be assessed and charged, for the Year in which such Lift shall or

ought to be delivered, according to the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages, Horses, (Mares or

Geldings,) Mules, and Dogs, retained, employed, kept, or used as aforesaid, by such Person within the

Period in such Lift mentioned t and if any Person required by this Act to deliver such Lift as aforesaid*,

5 D 2 shall

Persons keeping

Male Servants,.

&c. in the Year

ending April 5,

1798, shall by

June 30, 1798,

without any

previousNotice*

make out Lilt*

in the Forms

prescribed in

Schedule (F),

containing the

Number of Scr-

vants.Carriages,.

Horses, and

Dogs used by

himinthatYear.

F.

t c. 43.

, c* 47-

$ Stir. x. c. 3 l.

|} c. 164

To whom Lifts

are to he deli--

vered.

AlTeflinentto be

for the greatest

Number of Ser-

vants, See. kept

within tue Year.

