678 C. 143. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. • A.D. 1797.

repealed, and • the several Counties in England'*.nd Wales, to appoint one cr more Person or Persons, who shall have Power

fetVy Scm<w»ir to exam,ne Weights anti Balances, within such Divisions, Districts, and other Places respectively.

rruy appoint such Examiners. . 3t0;wAPVl1

Examiners,

when directed

by the Justices,

to visit Shops,

&c. and seize

false Weights,

Ac.

Penalty for

having false

Weights, &c.

Justices to cause

false Weights,

Sec. to be

broken, and the

Produce of the

Materials and

the Forfeitures

to be paid to the

Counry Trea-

surer, Sec.

If the Majority

of Inhabitants

wi/h that toy

Persons (hou Id

be specially ap-

pointed Exa-

miners, they

may, in Vestry,

nominate them

for Approbation

of the Justices.

But no such

Appointment

/hall be made

till the Inhabit-

ants have pro-

cured Standard

"Weights, the

Costs of which,

and the Recom-

pence to the

Examiners, to be

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so to be

appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, (having first been sworn duly and faithfully to execute

the Office in him or them reposed by virtue of such Appointment, and of this Act, which Oath such Justices

are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) as often a< the said Justices shall direct, in the Day

Time, to enter into the Shop, Mill, House, Outhouses, and other Premises near to such Shop, Mill, or

House, and into the Stall or Standing Place of any Person or Persons who fell by Retail and Weight any

Warps, Provisions, Goods, or Chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and examine all

Weights and Balances in such Shop, Mill, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing Place, and to seize

any Weight or Weights, not being according to the Standard in the'Exchequer, or any false or unequal

Balance or Balances, which shall, upon such Search, be found therein, and to detain the fame, to be produced

before the Justices in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon the Hearing of the Information or Informations here-

inafter mentioned ; and the Person or Persons, in whose Shr^p, Mill, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or

Standing Place, any such defective Weight or Weights, or any such false or unequal Balance or Balances,

shall be found (againlT whom for such Offence or Offences an Information or Informations is and are hereby

directed to be preferred) {hall upon Conviction thereof in Petty Sessions as aforesaid, upon View or Confef-

fion, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay, for every such

Offence, any Sumcf Money not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as the said Justices,

before whom such Person or Persons shall have been convicied, shall in their Discretion order and adjudge,

together with the Costs and Charges attending such Conviction; such Forfeiture, together with such Costs

and Charges, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale

of so much of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending, as shall be sufficient to pay the said

Penalty, and also the Expences of making such Distress and Sale. • *

III. And be it further enacted, That on the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, the said Justices

shall cause such defedlive Weight or Weights, or such false or unequal Balance or Balances, so produced

before them, to be forthwith broken and rendered useless, and the Materials thereof to be sold, and the Money

arising from such Sale, together with the Amount of the Forfeiture or Forfeitures, to be paid by them to the

Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Divilion, to be by him applied towards the Expences of carrying the

said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and the Residue (if any) on account of the Public Stock of

such County, Riding, or Division; and the said Justices shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, Returns

of the Forfeitures levied by them in pursuance of the said before recited Act, and of this Act, and also of the

Sums arising from the Sale of such defedlive Weights, and false and unequal Balances, and shall transmit such

Returns, signed by them, to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division, respectively, at

every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, Riding, or Divilion.

IV. ' Provided always, ani be it further enacted, That if the Majority of the Inhabitants of any Parish,

Township, or Place, within such County, Riding, or Division, should be desirous that any Person or Persons

shall be specially appointed to examine the Weights and Balances within such Parish, Township, or Place, it

shall and may be lawful for such Inhabitants, and they are hereby empowered (at a Vestry to be duly holden

for that Purpose) to nominate one or more substantial Householder or Householders, to be approved of and

appointed by the said Justices, at their respective Petty Sessions for the Divilion or District wherein such

Parish, T ownship, or Place,shall lie; which Person or Persons so nominated, approved, and appointed,shall

have the fame Powers and Authorities, within such Parish, Township, or Place, as are vetted in the Person or

Persons appointed for any District, Division, or Place respectively. 1

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Appointment for such Parish, Township, or Place,

shall be made, until the Inhabitants thereof have procured, or caused to be procured, the proper Weights,

according to the Standard in the Exchequer, for the Use of such Parish, Township, or Place, to be deposited

in the Custody of the Person or Persons to be appointed as last mentioned ; and that it shall and may be law-

ful for the said Justices, in their respective Petty Sessions, to order and direct the Costs and Charges of pro-

curing such Weights, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to be allowed to such Person or Persons, for his

or their Time and Trouble in the Execution of such Office, within such Parish, Township, or Place, to be

paid out of the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, within such Parish, Township, or Place.

paid out of the Poor’s Rates.

Powers of re-

cited (ex-

cept hereby

altered) to re-

main in Force.

Proceedings not

to be removed.

Justices to

cause Convic-

tiens to be made

out in the foi*

lowing

VI. And be it further enacted. That all the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions contained in the said recited

A & (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall continue in Force, in the same Manner as if the

fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of tins present Act; any T hing herein contained to the con-

trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. > Vj mJ

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender

or Offenders against the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other

Writ or Procels whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts ot Record at IVeJlnunjler.

VIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace before whom

any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner

and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatts mutandis; (that is to lay,)

4 BE

