A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 97. 587

the fame Regulations under which such Rice might be exported by Law immediately before the pafllngof

this Act, without Payment of any Duty whatever: Provided, that the Exportation of any such Rice, here-

after to be warehoused under the Authority of this A&, be made within the said Space of eighteen Months ;

but if not exported within that Period, that the full Duties payable by Law, and also, when imported in

American Ships, the countervailing Duty imposed by this A<£t, shall be paid for the fame, and not be after-

wardsdrawn back; and that if any Rice, which shall have been imported into any Port of this Kingdom,

not hereinbefore specially named, and shall have been warehoused upon the Importer’s Bond, in Manner

aforesaid, shall, within the.Time hereinbefore mentioned, be taken out of the Warehouse wherein it shall

have been so secured, to be Sported diredfly from thence, the Bond entered into for the Payment of the said

Dut es thereon shall be discharged and cancelled by Debenture or Debentures, made out and passed in the

ufuai Manner, for the Quantity or Quantities of Rice duly exported; and if any Rice imported into any

Port of this Kingdom, not hereinbefore specially named, and warehoused in Manner aforesaid, shall be taken

out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, the Remainder of the Duties due and payable by Law,

and also, when imported in American Ships, the countervailing Duty by this Act imposed, shall, previously

to its being taken out of such Warehouse, be paid to the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port

where such Rice shall be so warehoused: Provided, that if any Rice warehoused under the Authority of this

Act shall remain in such Warehouse beyond the Period of eighteen Months, upon which the full Duties due

and payable by Law shall not have been paid, then in such Cafe the fame shall and may be sold for the Du-

ties, in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as any ocher Goods are now

directed by Law to be sold for the Duties, and the Produce applied in like Manner as is directed by an Act,

passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anncy intituled, An Act for encouraging

the Tobacco Trade

futfifting Re-

gulators, with

in 18 Months.

Ponds for Du-

ties on Rice im-

ported at Pons

not herein

named, to be

cancelled by

Debentures, on

taking it out of

Warehouses for

Exportation ;

but when taken

out for Home

Consumpt:on,

the Remainder

of the Duties to

be paid.

If Duties be not

paid on ware-

housed

18 Months, it may be fold [as urjpr Slat. 12 Ann. Star. 2. c. 8.).

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

prevent the Importation of Rice and ocher Articles, without Payment of any Duty whatever, by virtue of

an Act, passed in the prefenc Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of CornyMcal,

Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn and other Articles of Provisiony for a limited Timcy

in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, during the

Continuance thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, Tint all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported from the United

States of America, shall, upon the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country, be entitled to the fame

Drawbacks as are or may hereafter be by Law allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Mer-

chandize of the like Denomination and Description, when exported to any Foreign Country; and that there

shall be allowed and paid the fame Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported

from this Kingdom to the Territories of the said United States, or any of them, as are or may hereafter

be allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or

Description, to any of the Islands, Plantations, or Colonies, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in

America. ^ # Xf 1 V v

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed and paid the fame Drawbacks upon the Ex-

portation of any Sort of Foreign Hemp or Foreign Irot>{ exported from this Kingdom to any Brjish Colony

or Plantation in America, and to the Territories of the United States of America, or any of them, as are

or may hereafter be allowed by Law upon the Exportation of the like Sort of Hemp or Iron to other Fo-

reign Parts. v ‘ _ TS '

XI. And whereas, by the said fifteenth Article of the Treaty before mentioned, the British Government

f reserves to itself the Right of imposing such Duty as may be adequate to countervail the Difference of

Duty now payable on the Importation of European and AJiatic Goods, when imported into the United

4 States in British or in American Vessels,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and

after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied,

collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, on the Importation into this

Kingdom of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize hereinafter mentioned or described, being of the Growth,

Production, or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States o (America, and imported dircdtly

from thence in American Ships or Vessels, owned and navigated as by this Act is required, the following ad-

ditional Duties of Customs; that is to say, on the Importation of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dize as aforesaid, (except Tobacco and other Articles, for which Provihon is hereinafter made,) an additional

Duty, at and alter the Rate of ten Pounds ter Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties

ef Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation into this Kingdom of the like Goods or Merchan-

dize, from any of the said United States, in B ritish-bu\\t Ships or Vessels; on the Importation of any such

Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pot Ash, and Pearl Ash, in Manner aforesaid, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate

often Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs due and payable

by Law on the Importation into this Kingdom of any such Goods from any British Colony or plantation in

America, when not accompanied with the Certificates required by Law; on the Importation, in Manner

aforesaid, of any such Pitch, Far, Turpentine, Rosin, Mahogany, Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, and unma-

nufactured Goods and Merchandize as aforesaid, (Wood, Staves, and Tobacco excepted,) an additional

Duty at and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of

Customs due and payable by Law on the Importation of any such Goods into this Kingdom from any British

inf 4G: ' Colony

Act not to pre-

vent the Im-

pel tation of

Kice,&c. Duty*

free, under 3y

Coo. 3. c. 7.

Goods imported

from America,

on Exportation

to any Foreign

Country, and

Goods exported

from Great Bri-

tain to America,

to be entitled to

Drawbacks and

Bounties.

Di awback to be

allowed on Ex-

portation of

Foreign Hemp

and Iron to

America.

From Jan. 5,

1798, certain

additional Du-

ties to be paid

on Importation

of Goods from

the American

States in Ame-

rican Vessels.

