C. 60.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

trine the Continuance of any Le^fc or Demise now in being, be considered as Relit due to his Ma- Crown, to’

is Heirs and Successors, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his Majesty, his Heirs and ^fovrTable

as Relit*

forrh durin

jetty, h ...... I i B| PBmHHH

Successors, against any Leflce or Lessees, and by such Lessee or Lessees against his, her, or their Under

Lessees or Tenants respc#ively, and shall be colle# and received by such Person or Persons, and subje#

to such Orders and Regulations as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in respe# of

the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Chancellor and Council of the

Duchy of Lancaster in respe# of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, shall from

Time to l ime appoint and ettab;i(h for the better colle#ing and answering the fame to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Royal Highness George Prince of //'Wry and

Duke of Cornwall, by Wa-rant under his laid Royal Highness’s Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint

such and so many PersonS as his said Royal Highness may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the

Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other

Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall; and such Commissioners are hereby required,

as soon as they conveniently can, to ccriify and report, in Writing under their Hands and Seals,

unto the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness, the Proportions of such

Land Tax, and the Dirtri# within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Re-

venues upon which the fame is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Sur-

veyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall. 1

‘ General of the Duchy.

LVIL And be it further cna#, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Surveyor Gene-

Cornwall, now or for the Time being, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Po-

litic or Corporate, for the Sale, from Time to Lime, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or

Watte Lands, belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, for the best Prices or Conflderations in

Money, which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, as will raifea Sum of Moftey

sufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands* Tene-

ments, or any other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and the Purchase

Money to be paid for the fame shall, from Time to Time, be paid by the respe#ive Purchasers into the Bank

of England, to be there received by the Cashiers of the Bank, and accounted for and inverted in the Manner

hereinafter directed. 1; r*

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made, unless by

Special Warrant to be ifl’ued for that Purpose by the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said

Royal Highness, or any three or more of them, for the Time being.

Prltice of Wale*

may appoint

Persons to af-

certain hi* Pro-

portions of Land

Tax in the

Duchy of Corn-

wall;-to be ;

reported to his

Council, Sec.

and a Copy sent

to the Surveyor

ral of the Duchy

may contract

for Sale of

Lands to re-

deem the‘Land

Tats’; the Pur-

chafe Money to

be paid into the

Bank.

! 1 I

ic\jf bt'l |V|

if

Such Contrast*

shall be made 1

ontyty Warrant

*’ - from the -

prince’s Council, Zsc.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Dire#ors of the Bank of England shall, and

they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books, under the 7'itleof u T he Account of the

Duchy of Cornwall,” and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies directed as aforesaid tetbe

paid to the Cashiers of the Bank, for or on Account of the Purchafeof any such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall\ and whenfo^ver the Surveyor Gene-

ral of the said Duchy of Cornwall{\x&\\ have contra# with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor-

porate, for the Sale of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues of the

said Duchy of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate

under his Hand, speesfying the Premises so contra# for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be

paid for the fame; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Produ#ion of such

Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified,*nd

at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or

Reward; and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the Auditor of the

Duchy of- Co? mually and be there forthwith enrolled in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Pur-

pose, separate and apart from the other Business and Proceedings of the said Office; and the said Auditor, or

his lawful Deputy, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall jtfteft the fame under his Hand, and

return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such

Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respe#ive Purchasers of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or

Watte Lands, belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and the Heirs, Successors, or Al-

igns of such Purchasers, shall, by force of this A#, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the a#ual

Seifinand Possession of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues so by them

respe#ively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample

Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his laid Royal Highness, his Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Corn-

walU might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, with whom the Sur-

veyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown or of the Duchy of Cornwall shall contract for the Sale

of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues, by this A# authorized

5 L 2 to

The Bank shall

open an* Ac-

count with rtie

Duchy.

The Surveyor,

on-coritWrtRing ’

for tHeiHle cf

LAnds, /Hall

give the thjr-

chafer a Certifi-

cate-; dn the

Production of

which, and-

Payment of the

Money, the

Bank shall give

him a P.eceipts

The Certificate

and Receipt

shall be enrolled

in the Office of

the Auditor of

the Duchy, and

the Enrolment

attestcxl thereon.

See.

Contracts, If 1

not certified and

enrolled, and

the Money paid

within 40 Day*,

