A, D, 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georg 11 III.

C. 92.

393

...on an'y Court Martial Officer* of

other than Militia Forces,

r /■, Ctonly 011

oices, fit on any Court rri^'o[ offi-

cers and Sol-

dices of ether Militia Regiments, &c,

LXI. And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City of London may not be infringed, ba it

further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the

Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of

the City of London^ or the Freemen Citizens or Inhabitants c.f the said City, or the Suburbs and Liberties

ct the fame, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts thereof, as well within the Liberties

____ :,i_j :__________d__r : _ au - r i* __________ / '1 . . /v:j

A ft not to pi c<

judice the '

Rights uf the

City.

a a.

to

tnd Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if this Act had not been made.

LXII. 4 And whereas the said Militia being an Amendment or Regulation of the ancient Trained Bands

of the City of London/ be it enacted, That the said Militia already raised, and to be rdifed by virtue of

this Act, dial) possess and enjoy all and singular the Rights and Privileges which were possessed and enjoyed

by the ancient Trained Bands of the City of London, and which are not vaiied, altered, or taken away by

this Act. —

LX III. And be it f jrther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which

shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Informa-

tien, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVtflminJier, wherein no Privilege, Protection, Wager

of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by

this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Of-

fence beforcthe Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City, or any Justice of the Peace for the County,

Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Didrcfs and Sale of the Offender’*

Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice,

rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, to the

Terfon whose Goods and Chattels shall have been fodidrained and fold, and for Want of sufficient Didrefs

the said Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice is hereby required, in all Cafes (when no particular Time of Com-

mitment is by this Act directed) to commit such Offender to Prison where the Offence shall have been com-

mitted, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, (had

id to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, to be applied for the general Purposes of this

« ^ . y . _ 1 1 1 V, v- t < - ! |

IIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Didrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money

____levied by virtue of this Act, the Didrefs itself (nail not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Default or Want of Form in

any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trcfpaflers, ab

init.o, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Parties

didraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpc-

cial Damage by an Action on the Cafe, , m

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, nor any Order to be

made, or Proceeding to be had, or any other Matter or T hing to be done, transacted in, or relating to the

Execution of this Act, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by his Majesty’s Commissioners of

Lieutenancy for the Time being, or the Assessors or Collectors acting under the Authority of this Act, or

by the Court of Quarter Sessions of the said City, shall be vacated orquashed for Want of Form only, or

be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Ma-

jesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:

rro\ided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass*

or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on the Behalf of the Party

9r Parties, who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrong-

ful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such 'Fender shall have been made, it shall and

may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where any such

Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or

they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Order and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given,

in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXV I. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Thing

done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next

after the Fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of

Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there^

upon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action or Sait, or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants

(hatthave appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De-

1 i ^ 3 E t fendant

Militia to erjoy

the Rights of

thr Trained

Hands.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties.

not un-

lawful for Want

of Form,

No Rate or

Proceeding to

bequalhcd for

Want of Form,

or removeable

by Certiorari,

&c.

Limitation of

Actions.

4

General Issue.

