Butter not to be

mixed,

nor salted with

Great Salt*

Penalty of 5!.

for each Of-

fence.

Penalty of 30 L

for any Fraud in

Sale of Butter,

&c.

The full Quan-

tity of Butter to

be delivered in

VefTeii.

Satisfaction for

Default may be

recovered witJv

Costs.

Penalty of 5 L

for re-packing

in any Vessel

Butter for Sale

again.

%

Xorei^n Butter

maybe re-

packed in Vef-

fels ufc*d for

British Butter

under certain

Rcftrkliona.

Penalty of 401.

for counterfeit-

ing Names or

Marks of Farm-

ers, &c. on

Vessels.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties not

exceeding 5I.

C. 86. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

after mentioned; (that is to say,) in every Tub eighty-four Pounds Avoirdupois Weight net, and not

less, (besides the Tare of the Cask,) of good and merchantable Butter; in every Firkin fifty-six Pounds

Avoirdupois Weight net, and not less, (besides the Fare of the Cask,) of good and merchantable Butter ;

and in every Half Firkin twenty-eight Pounds Avoirdupois Weight net, and not less, (besides the Tare of

the Cask,) of good and merchantable Butter; and that no Butter which is old or corrupt shall be mixed or

packed up into any Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin whatsoever, with any Butter which is new and found; nor

shall any Whey Butter be packed or mixed with any Butter that is made of Cream, but the said respective

Sorts of Butter shall be packed up severally and apart by themselves, and shall not be mixed one with ano-

ther; and every 'Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin, of Butter, shall be of one Sort and Goodness throughout such

Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin; and that no Butter shall be salted with any Great Salt, but.all Butter shall be

salted and saved with Small fine Salt; nor shall more Salt be intermixed with the Butter than shall be nredfuL

for its Preservation; upon Pain and Penalty that every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other

such Person as aforesaid, who shall offend, by not putting up in each Tub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, of Butter

to be sold, or to be exposed to Sale respectively, such Quantities as aforesaid, or determined by mixing Butter, or falling

it contrary to the Directions aforesaid, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of hve Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Change, Alteration, Fraud, or Deceit shall be made, used, or

practised, by any Farmer, Dairy Man, and Seller of Butter, or Fa£Ior for the Sale or buying thereof, or

any other Person or Persons whomsoever, either in the Vellel wherein Butter shall be packed for Sale as afore-

said, or in the Butter itself therein contained, whether in Quantity, Quality, Weight; or otherwise, or in

any of the Brands or Marks directed to be placed on fuen Vessel as aforesaid, or in any of the Staves where-

on such Brands or Marks shall be placed, or in any other Manner howsoever, after the packing of any Butter

for Sale in any such Vellel as aforesaid, all and every Person or Persons who shall be concerned in making any

such Change, Alteration, or in using or pradhling such Fraud or Deceit, shall forfeit and pay for every such

Offence the Sum of thirty Pounds. ' -

VI. And, to the Intent that the Benefit intended by this Act maybe extended with full EftedI to al! Per-

fons who do either cut out Butter by Retail or expend it, be it further enacted, that every Cheesemonger,

Dealer in Butter, or other Person or Persons who shall fell to any Person or Persons any Tub or Tubs, Fir-

kin or Firkins, Half Firkin or Half P'irkins of Butter, shall deliver in every such T ub, Firkin, and Half

Firkin, the full and due Quantity appointed by this A cl, and not less, or in default thereof shall be liable

to make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who shall buy the lame for what shall be wanting, according to

the Price for which the fame was fold; and shall be liable to an Action on the Cale for Recovery of iucfi

Satisfaction, together with Colts of Suit.

VII. And be it further enacted, T hat no Cheesemonger, Dealer in Butter, or other Person or Persons

whomsoever, shall repack for Sale any Butter, in any such Tub, Firkin, 01 Half Firkin as aforesaid, upon

Pain and Penalty that every Cheesemonger, or other Person or Persons, who shall repack any Butter into

any Tub or Tubs. Firkin or Firkins, or Half Firkin or Half Firkins, to sell the same again, shall for every

Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin, so re-packed, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to make

any Cheesemonger, or Dealer in Butter, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, liable to any of the Penalties

of this Act, for using any of the Tubs, Firkins, or Half Firkins aforesaid, after the British Butter packed

in such Vessels shall have been taken thereout, for the re-packing for Sale of any Foreign Butter, as do and

shall, before he, she, or they so repack such Foreign Butter, entirely cut out or efface the several Names of

the original Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, from and out of every such-Vefiel, leaving the Name

and Tare of the Cooper, and^he 'Fare of the original Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter thereon ;

and after the Names are so taken out and effaced, do and shall, with an Iron, brand his, her, or their Chris-

tian Name and Surname, or Christian Names and Surnames, in Words at Length, and the Words u Fo-

“ reign Butter1’ in permanent and legible Letters, upon the Bougeor Body of every such Vellel or Vessels,

across two Staves at lead, to denote that such Butter is f oreign Butter.

IX. And whereas divers Frauds and Abuses are daily practised in the Sale of Butter, in counterfeiting

and forging the Names and Marks of Owners and Farmers, and of particular Dairy Men, upon Vessels

4 wherein Butter is packed :* For preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That if any Person

shall be hereafter convicted of counterfeiting or forging any of the Names or Marks of any such Owners,

Farmers, or Dairy Men as aforesaid, or of causing the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, to be

counterfeited or forged, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the

Sum of Forty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Offence and Offences committed against, or alleged to

be committed against this Act, the Mode of determining which is not herein-before prescribed, and where

the Penalty for the Offence shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall be inquired of, sued for, heard,

and determined before one or more Jufficeor Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Borough,

Town, Liberty, or Division, wherein such Offence shall be committed, or alleged to be committed; and

upon Proof thereof, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, before such Justice or Justices,

the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall or may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s

Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Jufficeor Justices, the Overplus (after deducing the

Charges of distraining and Costs) being to be rendered to such Offender; and that such Penalties and For-

feitures shall be to the Use of the Informer or Informers; and that in case sufficient Distress shall not be

found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith* it shall be lawful for such Justice or

Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or

15 V. their

