444

C. 4.

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

tics to the use thereof shall remain at the Rafter Sessions in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cause to

of Subnitutes, be transmitted an Account thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s T rcafury.

and mailorder J J 7

Rewards 10 the Persons providing them. Residue of Fines to be applied by the Quarter Sessions in providing Men for the Army or Navy ; and if any

remain at East:r Sessions 1797, an Account to be transmitted to the Treasury.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate so granted, signed by such Regulating Of-

ficer or Officers, shall, in all Cafes where any such Person enrolled by virtue of this Act shall be placed un-

der the Command of any other Officer or Officers, either of the Army or Navy, be transmitted along with

such Person so enrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Com-

pany, or of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person shall be entered to serve ; and such Commanding Of-

ficer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being admitted into any Regiment, and before

such Volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the County for which he shall serve, or from the Time of

such Person’s joining such Regiment, which shall first happen, or from the Time of such Person being muf-

tered and rated on board any Ship, and before such Ship or Veilel of War shall proceed to Sea, as the Cafe

may be, make out a Ticket or 'Tickets for the Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such

Person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the Certificate

granted in that Behalf, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become due to such Person on Account

of Arrears of Pay as a Private in such Regiment, if such Person shall enter into the Army, or on account

of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel, if such Person shall enter into the Navy; and if he

shall have entered himself to serve in his Majesty’s Army, then the Pay Ticket so made out shall be delivered

to the Treasurer of the County to whom the fame is herein-before aireded to be paid, by the Officer or Of-

ficers mating out the fame, with a Certificate endorsed thereon, and signed by the said Officer, acknow-

ledging the Receipt of such Volunteer, and his Admission into his Majesty’s Army, together with the Regi-

ment into which such Volunteer shall have been admitted, and that a Copy of every fuchf Pay Ticket shall

be transmitted to the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Army, within one Month after the Date thereof;

y to whom such Pay T

dorfed thereon, as aforesaid, shall forthwith pay the fame to the Person or Persons presenting such Ticket,

and the 1 reafurer of the County to whom such Pay Ticket shall be presented, with such Certificate en-

Certificates of

Regulating Of-

ficers to be

transmitted

with the Per-

fons enrolled,

and delivered to

the Command-

ing Officer cf

the Regiments

or Vessels re-

spettively.

Commanding

Officers, within

a limited Time,

to make out

Tickets for

Payment of

Bounty Money

due.

If the Person

shall have en-

tered into the

Army, the

Ticket to be

delivered to the

County Trea-

surer, and a

Copy transmit-

ted to the Pay-

master General.

County Trea-

surer to pay

Tickets to the

Persons present-

ing them, to be

paid over to the

Volunteers.

Penalty for De-

fault in Pay-

ment.

Residue of

Bounty to Vo-

lunteers entered

in the Navy,

may be paid

agreeably to

31 Geo. II.

Cap. 10, See.

If the Bounty

Money remain-

ing due shall be

to be paid to the

Volunteer, the

Commanding

Officer of the

Ship shall apply

to the Commit-

sioners of the

Navy, or the

Comni.ffioner

at the Port, for

Payment j and

if any Part be to be paid to his Family, it shall be remitted agreeably to 31 Geo. II. Cap. 10., payable by the County Treasurer. All the Rules for

Payment cf Seamen's Wages to extend to this Act.

and the fame shall be paid over to the respective Volunteers entitled thereto without Delay ; and in default

thereof, the Officer or Officers who shall have received the fame, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties

inflicted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or which may be inflicted by any Ad to be

parted in this Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the

Army and their Quarters, against Officers for wilfully withholding the Pay of their Soldiers ; a/id in case

such Volunteer shall be entered to serve in his Majesty’s Navy, then the Residue of such Bounty Money or

Part thereof, may be paid to such Person, or his Wife, Father, Mother, Child, or Children, in such Pro-

portions as he shall request, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the thirty* first Year of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the RoyalNavy,

and for establishing a regular Methodfor the punftuah, frequent, and certain Payment of their IVages, and for

enabling them more cajuy and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their JVives and Families, and for

preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, or by any other Act relating to the Payment of such

Wages: Provided always, that if the Whole or any Part of such Bounty Money so remaining due, shall,

at the Request of such Volunteer, be to be paid to himself, the Commanding Officer of the Ship in which

such Person is appointed to serve shall apply to the Commissioners of the Navy, or to the resident Commis-

fioner at the Port where the Ship may then be, for Payment of the fame, producing the Ticket of Enrol-

ment (on which Ticket of Enrolment the Commanding Officer of the Ship shall, and he is hereby required

to indorsethe Sum to be received by such Volunteer, which Indorsement, being signed by such Volunteer,

and attested by such Commanding Officer, shall be a sufficient Authority and Discharge to any Officer of

the Navy making Payment of the fame, under the Direction of the said Commissioners of the Navy) ; and

that where such Person shall desire any Portion of the said Bounty Money then remaining due, to be paid to

his Family as aforesaid, the fame shall be remitted in the Manner directed by the said Act of the thirty-fiift

Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, (subject nevertheless to such Alteration as the Cafe may require,)

and shall be made payable by the Treasurer of the County in and for which the said Volunteer hath been

raised to serve ; ^id that all the Rules, Forms, Directions, and Methods, used for the Payment of Wages

due to Seamen, or payable to their Families, in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid,

or by any such other Act of Parliament, (except as aforesaid,) shall be used, in like Manner, for the Pay-

ment of such Bounty Money to the Families of all and every the Men who shall be entered into his Ma-

jesty’s Service, in pursuance of this Act, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Acts, and every

Clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this Act to such Cafes.

Quarter or Petty,

Sessions may re.

quire the At-

tendance of

Constables and

Overseett.

XXVI, And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace,-artembled either

at the General or Quarter Sessions, or for the Justices at their Petty Sessions, within their respective Junf-

didions, or any two or more of them respedivdy, from Time to Time to issue their Order or Warrant,

under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the High Constable, Confta le, Tything Man,

Headborough, or Overseers of the Poor of, or acting for, any Parish or Parishes, at tech Time and Place

7

as

