512

Men to b? raised

in the follow-

ing: Proportions.

[Total iizo.

fojt. Cap.

75. for embody-

ing tbit MifutJ.]

Constable, &c.

to ap|>oint a

Clerk and Mtf-

fengtr, and Of-

ficers who have

been approved by

AGeneral Court

of Lieutenancy

to be held.

Resident* in the

Hamlets and

Peace Officers

subject to the

like Duties, Sec

as in Counties

at large.

When embo-

died, his Ma-

jesty may put

one Regiment

under the Com-

mand of Gene-

ral Officers to

be l d to a cer-

tain Di fiance.

Constable, Sec.

may continue to

raise Trophy

Mcney.

Qualification cf

Officers.

C. 25. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Ge org 11 III. A.D. 1796-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Men to be raised for the Militia of tta said Tower

Hamlets, out of and from the several Parishes, Hamlets, Manors, Precincts, and Liberties, within the same,

shall be respectively as follows; (that is to say,}

For the Parish of Saint Mary, White Chapel, one hundred and thirty-two.

For the Parish of Christ Cfjurch, seventy-eight.

For the Liberty of Norton Falgale, thirty-one.

For the Precinct of the Old Artillery, eleven. w. , ’

For the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, one hundred and fifty-five.

Far the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, eighty-four.

For the Parish of Saint Mathew, Bethnal Green, one hundred and twenty-tw^.

For the Hamlet of Mile End, New Town, twenty-two.

For the Hamlet of Mile End, Old Town, fifev-seven.

For the Parish of Saint Leonard, Bromley, fix.

For the Parish of Saint Mary, Stratford le Bow, twenty-two*

For the Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, twenty-six. . .* "

For the Parish of Saint Ann, twenty-six.

For the Hamlet of Ratcliff, forty-four.

For the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, seventy-one.r f * Jjj?

For the Parish of Saint George, one hundred and ten. y t

For the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, forty-five. • ; *

For the Manor or Liberty of East Smithfield, forty-five.

For the Precinct of Saint Catherines, eleven. " J* Ktfh

For the Liberty of the Tower JVithout, five. /: v

For the Parish of Trinity, Minories, eight.

And for the Precinct of Well Close, nine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Constable, and Lieutenant, and in his Absence, or on any

Vacancy as aforesaid, three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at a public Meeting as afoicfaid, may and shall

appoint a Clerk and Messenger, and also such Militia Officers as have been usually appointed for the said

Hamlets, the Names of such Officers having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty.

the King. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Constable, or Lieutenant of the said Hamlets, or in his Ab-

fence, the Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby em-

powered and required to hold a General Court of Lieutenancy, for the said Hamlets, on the second Tkurjauy

next after the passing of this Act, for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted. That the several Persons refilling within the said Toiuer Hamlets, and all

High and Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and other Peace Officers, of and for all and every Part of the said

Hamlets, shall be subject to the like Duties, Restrictions, Penalties, and Punishments, as Persons residing in

the several Counties at large, and the Peace Officers acting within and for the fame, are by any Laws now in

being, relating to the Militia Forces, subject or liable to.

VI. And be it further enacted. That whenever the said Militia shall be drawn out and embodied, one

Regiment thereof shall remain within the said District of the Tower, called the Tower Hamlets, for the De-

fence and Preservation thereof; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to put the other Regiment of the Ud

Militia under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pie3fed to appoint, and to

dirrdl the said other Regiment to be led by its respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, not ex-

ceeding the Distance of twelve Miles from the Tower of London, or to the nearest Place of Encampment,

Barracks, or Quarters, beyond the said Distance of twelve Miles, for repelling and preventing any Inva-

fton, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within the Realm of Great Britain.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Constable, or Lieu-

tenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them respectively as aforesaid, to continue to raise

and levy in every Year, the Proportion of one Month’s Assessmeny of Trophy Money within the said Hamlets,

as he or they have been used to do by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act passed in the thirteenth and

fouiteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That the Estates requisite Tor the Qualification of the Deputy Lieute-

nants and Officers of the Militia for the Tower Hamlets shall be as follows; (that is to say,) Every Deputy

Lieutenant shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own use and Benefit, in Ptuleliion,

of a Freehold, Copyhold, or Customary Eflatc for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, (she having a f ree-

hold, Copyhold, or Customary fciflate for her Life,) or for some greater Eflatc, or of an Etlare tbr feme

long Term of Years, determinable on one or more Life or Lives, or of an Estate for a Term ur'gim^Y

granted for twenty-one Years or more, in Manors, Mefluages, Lands, 'Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

any Part of the Kingdom called Great Britain, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir

Apparent of some Person who thall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the

yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Colonel shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed d a like f fcjc

as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person whom*",

in

