40

Money rot fed

in the County

cf Derby under

the Militia Acts,

to be paid to

the Treasurers

of the Sub-

feriptions for

raising Men for

the Defence of

the Kingdom,

and in Default of

Tenons so pay-

ing Money, and

all concerned in

railing it, in-

demnified.

Application of

the Money by

the Treasurers.

Surplus, if any,

to be applied as

the Quarter Sef-

fion shall di-

rect.

Public Act.

17 Geo. III.

Cap. 2j and

C. 17, 18. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

c Bankers in the said Town, (being the Treasurers appointed by the Subscribers, or a Committee of them,

c for receiving such Subscriptions,) and a considerable Number of Forces has accordingly been raised and

1 embodied within the said County: And whereas it would greatly tend to promote the Object of the said

4 Recommendation, if the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts as aforesaid was applied towards de-

4 fraying the Expences of railing and embodying Troops within the said County for the Purpose aforesaid,

4 in Aid of the Sums raised and to be raised by Subscription for the like Purpose May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several Persons to whom any of the Money

assessed, collected, or raised as aforesaid, by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, has been paid, their re-

speSive Executors or Administrators, shall, and are hereby required, within forty Days next after the

passing of this AS, to pay such Money to the said Treasurers, in equal Parts or Proportions, whose

Receipt for the fame shall be a (Efficient Discharge to the Persons respectively paying in such Money ; and

in Default of Payment of such Money, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, the fame shall and may be recovered

by ASion at Law to be brought in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Names or

Name of the said Treasurers, or either of them, or of Any one or more of the said Subscribers ; any Law or

Statute to the contrary hereof in any wile notwithstanding.

Payment it may be recovered at Law. . - . ,

% £ ________ ,

II. And be it further enaSed and declared. That the respeSive Persons who shall pay the Money re-

ceived by them under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, as aforesaid, into the Hands of the said

Treasurers, or either of them, in pursuance of this AS, their respeSive Heirs, Executors, and Admini-

strators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels shall, from and immediately after such Payment, and

that all Officers and other Persons whomsoever who have or ought to have been concerned, or interfered, in

the raffing, colleSing, or assessing any such Money as aforesaid, under or by virtue of any such AS or Acts

as aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this AS, be, and are hereby respeSively indemnified, and

absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same, and all ASions, Suits, and Prosecutions, for or

on account thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such'Money had

been fully raised and paid unto, and a Receipt given for the fame, by his Majesty’s Receiver General of

the Land Tax for the County of Derby, in pursuance of any AS or Acts of Parliament relating to or in

any wile concerning the raising and training the Militia of this Kingdom.

III. And be it further enaSed, That the said Treasurers shall, and are hereby authorized and required,

out of the Money which {hall come to their Hands by virtue of this AS, in the first Place, to pay the

Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this AS, and after Payment

thereof, all the Remainder of the Money which shall come to the Hands of the said Treasurers by virtue of

this AS, shall be applied towards raising, embodying, and training Troops within the said County, for the

internal Defence of this Kingdom, in such Adanner as the Persons who are or shall be appointed by any

Meeting or Meetings of the said Subscribers, for applying and disposing of the Money raised or to be raised

by Subscription as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time direS or appoint.

IV. And be it further enaSed, That if, after the Troops which shall have been raised within the said

County, pursuant to the said Recommendation, or by virtue of this AS, {hall be disbanded or disembodied,

and all Expences attending the fame shall have been fully discharged, there shall be any Surplus of the

Money raised by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, as aforesaid, remaining in the Hands of the said

Treasurers, or either of them, such Surplus shall be applied for such public Purpose within the said County,

as the Justices of the Peace for the said County shall, at some General Quarter Session, order or direS:

Provided nevertheless, that no such Application of the said Surplus as aforesaid shall be direSed by the

Justices at such Quarter Session, unless Notice thereof be given three 'Limes in some Newspaper published

in the said County, at least fourteen Days next preceding such Quarter Session.

V. And be it further enaSed, That this AS shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public AS

and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially

pleading the same. r*1 -<

• # 4, w . 1

l| a cap. xvii. ' gi

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty■ by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service ojf

the Year one thousand Jcven hundred and ninety-five, together with those named in two former Acts for ap-

pointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.—[16th March 1795.]

cap. xviii. ; - \ fl

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable

His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island; and for better

enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Island. [16th March 1795.]

Commiftloti

