A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III

*9

No. 11. - '

FORM of Summons of Churchwardens or Overseers a fling for Places that have made Default.

M----- 7 To A. 5. and C. D. Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish

DistriC! of J* of *'1

WHEREAS the Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by the Parish of

(or if more than one, the Parishes of or Name of Place or PlacesJ has not been made

within the Time limited to you for so doing; this is therefore to require you to appear before the Justices

of the Peace in and for the said County, and aCting in and for this DistriCt, to be aftembled at a Petty Sections

to be holden on the Day of at to answer for your Default

therein, and to be dealt with according to Law. Hereof fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of

' ' . No. 12.

FORM of Summons of Inhabitants, etcetera.

To A. B. and C. D. Inhabitants of

WHEREAS we A. and B. Justices of the Peace aCting for the DistriC! of in the

County of have summoned before us T. IV. and Z. X. the Churchwardens and Overseers

of the Parish of to answer for the Default in not having raised the Proportion of Men to be

raised by the said Parish of in obedience to the Order of General Sections, and in pursuance

of an A&, intituled, [Herefet forth the Title of the At7,] and on due Examination of the Premises it not hav-

ing appeared to us that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful NegleC! of, or Disobedience

to, the said Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable, but that the fame hath arisen through the wilful

NegtaSt of Inhabitants of the said Parish of These are therefore to

require you to be and appear before the Justices of the Peace aCting in and for the said DistriC!, on

at to shew Cause why the Fine directed to be imposed on the Inhabitants of the

said Parish in such Cafe should not be adjudged to be levied by a Rate, according to the Directions of the

said ACt. Dated this . Day of

No. 13.

FORM of the Order of Fine.

AI----- 7 WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the Churchwardens (and Overseers) of the Parish of

to wit. ) (or Parishes of or Places) have not made Returns of the whole Number

of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sections, made in pursuance of an Act, in-

tituled, [Herefet forth the Title of the Afl^\ for the said Parish of ^ (or Parishes, et ceteraJ

within the Time limited to them for doing the fame; And whereas the said Churchwardens and Overseers

have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace, aCting in and for the District of

and have refused so to do, (or appearing before them at the Petty Sections held on at

and being examined by them as to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made

to appear by such Churchwardens and Overseers to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such De-

fault hath not happened by reason of any wilful NegleCI of, or Disobedience to, the Order, and that the fame

hath been unavoidable, We do hereby, on due Consideration of the Premises, adjudge the said T. TV. and

Z. X. the said Churchwardens and Overseers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine

the said T TV. and Z. X. in the<6um of ten Pounds, over and above the Sum of £. which wre the

said Justices have ascertained, as nearly as may be, to be the Amount which hath been given on an Average

as a Bounty to Men inrolled by virtue of this AC!, within the DistriC! of and by virtue of

the Powers vested in us by that ACt, do order that the fame be forthwith paid by them into the Hands of the

Treasurer of the said County of At for the Uses and Purposes of that ACt. Given under our Hands

ind Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 14.

FORM of Warrant of Distress for Fine.

M— ? To the Constable of

to wit. V ' ’ \ ' ’

WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish of

(or Parishes of or Places,) have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed

to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sections, made in pursuance of an AC!, intituled, [Here set

forth the Title of the Afl,\ for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera,) within the Time

limited to them for doing the fame; And whereas the said Churchwardens and Overseers have been sum-

moned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace aCting in and for the DistriCt of

and have refused foto do, (or appearing before them at the Petty Sections held on at

*nd being examined by them as to the Cause of such Default,) and it having not been made to appear by fwdi

* * , D z Churchwardens

