537

A.D. 1797. Anno tycefimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 48.

disorderly Persons make a Practice of fishing for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whitlings, within

4 the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, and by letting of Bob Nets and other Nets therein, inter-

4 ccpt and obstrudf the free Progress of such Fish into the said River, to the manifest Detriment and Loss of

4 the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof: And whereas also, by Means of Sloops, Vessels, Cobles, or Boats,

4 constructed for the Purpose of catching White Fish at Sea, or for other Purposes, such idle and disorderly

4 Persons fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, and Whitlings, beyond and further towards the Sea than

4 the Mouth or Entrance of the said River extends, by such Means not only destroying but dispersing the

4 said Fish, (which at certain Seasons of the Year are known to make in Shoals to the Frefii Water,) and

4 by such Means driving many of them from the CoastFor Remedy of which, may it please your Ma-

jesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, upon Complaint and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made to any one or more of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon

Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or to any one or more of his Majesty’s justices of the Peace, or

to the Sheriff Depute of any County or Stewartry for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the In-

formant hath probable Cause to suspect, and doth suspect, that any Person or Persons dwelling and usually

residing in any Township or Place, Townships or Places, within the Jurisdiction of the said Justices or Sheriff

Depute, before whom the Information is laid, has or have gone to Sea in any Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or

other Vessel, with Intent to fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon 7'routs, or Whitlings, within the Mouth or En-

trance of the said River Tweed, as herein-after described *, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such

Justices and Sheriff Depute, any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to

authorize and diredf, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, any High or Petty

Constable, or other Peace Officer, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding ten, to be severally named

and described in the Warrant, to proceed to Sea in any VeflelvCoble, or other Boat, and there examine and

search all and every such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, as they shall fulpedl to be employed in

taking and killing Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitlings, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said

River, as herein-after described ; and such Warrant shall be in the Words following, or to the like Effect;

(that is to say,) -

Name of Place 7 4 A B. one of the Justices of our Lord the King, assigned to keep the Peace within the

or County, j * said County, to the Constable, Petty Constable, or Bailiff of the Township of

[as the fame may be\ within the said County [or Place], and to [here iifcrt the Names of the

4 other Perjons, not exceeding ten], and to all the other Ministers and Officers of our said Lord the King,

4 within the said and to every of them, greeting. Forasmuch as CD. of [here

4 insert the Name, &V. of Informant] hath come before me the said A. B. and hath given me Information in

4 Writing, on Oath, that he hath probable Cause to fufpcdl, and doth suspect, that E. P. See. of

within the Jurisdiction of me the said Justice, has gone to Sea in a certain Boat or Vessel with

4 Intent to fish for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, within the Mouth or Entrance of the River

4 Tweed, contrary to the Statutes in such Cafe made and provided, ye or either of you are therefore hereby

4 required, by this Warrant, under my Hand and Seal, to proceed to Sea, and there examine and search such

4 Boat or Vessel, and if upon any such Search any such k ifh, or any Nets, Engines, or other Tackle, properly

4 adapted arid used in the taking of such Fish, + or in case ye or either of you Inould fee any Person or Persons

4 onboard any such Boat or Vessel fish for any Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or Whitling, within the

4 Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, then ye or either of you are hereby required to seize such

4 Boat or Vessel, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be found on board thereof, to apprehend and

4 bring before me the said Justice. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord

And if upon such Search any such Fish, or any Nets, Engines, or other Tackle, properly adapted and used in

the taking of such Fish, shall be found, or if the said Peace Officer and Persons with him shall fee any Person

or Persons on board any such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, fish for any Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon

Trouts, or Whitlings, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, as hereinafter described, then

and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Peace Officer and Persons so authorized, and

he and they are hereby required to seize such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Rafr, or other Vessel, and all such Persons

as shall be found on board thereof to apprehend and bring before the Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute

respedlive’y, who granted such Warrant as aforesaid, who shall proceed to examine into the Matter of the said

Complaint, and if upon Confession of the Parties, or the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit-

nefles, any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of fishing for Salmon, Gilfes, Salmon Trouts, or

Whitlings, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, as hereinafter described, or of having in his

or their Custody, in such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, any Fish or Parcel of Fish of the De-

feription aforesaid, or Nets, Engines, or other Tackle, properly adapted and used in the taking and killing

thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds* nor lets

than twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice and Justices or Sheriff Depute, before whom the

Conviction shall be had, and also the Boats, Nets, Tackle, Engines, and other Devices made ufeofin

taking or killing such Fish, and also the Fish so taken; and the said Justices and Sheriff’Depute respectively

shall order and direct such Sloop, Coble, Boat, Raft, or other Vessel, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, to

be cut to Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed. '

. 97-Geo. III. 4 A II. And

Magi Antes em-

powered 10 issue

Search Warrants

on Information

of improper

J'crfons being

suspected to be

gone out to St a

for the Purpose

of taking Fish

within the Li-

mits fpccificU

by the A61.

*3-

Form of

Warrant.

j

7 [P*iU he then

and there Joundy\

