xxvm The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

63. An ACt for granting to Foreign Ships put under His

Majesty’s Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, un-

der certain Regulations and Restrictions ; and for al-

lowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His

Ada jetty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or

Factors.

64. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-

vernors, and Persons aCting as such, in the Weji India

Islands, who "have permitted the Importation and Ex-

portation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bot-

toms.

63. An ACt for empowering the Justices of the Peace for

the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County

Rate for the said County.

65. An ACt for revetting certain Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in the former

Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

67. An ACt to embank and drain the open and unembanked

Lands and Grounds lying between The Dales Head Dyke

and the River Witham, in the several T own ships or Ham-

lets and Parishes of JValcot, Timbcrland-Thorpe, Timber-

fond, Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the County of

Lincoln.

68. An Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds

within the second,'third, fourth, and fifth Distri&s, in the

Bounds and PrecinCts of WhittleJey, in the Isle of Ely, and

County of Cambridge, with further 1'axes, for discharging

the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said

DistriCls respectively, under certain Acts passed in the

twenty-second Year of King George the Second, and in

the twelfth Year of His prefen£ Majesty ; and for better

improving, supporting, and preserving, the Drainage of

the said Lands and Grounds.

69. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

on the Amount of certain Duties under the Management

of the Commissioners for the Affairs of 'Faxes.

70. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishmentof

Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty’s

P'orces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance

to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobe-

dience.

71. An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse with

the Crews of certain of His Majesty’s Ships now in a State

of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual Sup-

pression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.

72. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambrics

and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the

Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of bein^

warehoused for Exportation.

73. An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from

British Merchant Ships trading to His Majesty’s Colonies

and Plantations in the West Indies.

74. An ACt to enable the Eqfl India Company to pay the

Expences of two Regiments of Infantry to be raised for

the Defence and Protection of the House and Warehouses

I of the said Company, and for such Public Services as are

mentioned in an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of

the R^ign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for en-

couraging and difiiplining ffich Corps or Companies of Men

as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their

Counties, Towns, or Goafs, or for the general Defence of

the Kingdom, during the present JVar.

7c. An Act to enable His Majesty to draw out and cm-

8

body the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the

County of Middlesex,

76. An Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation

to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of

Great Britain, for a limited T ime.

77. An ACt for making the Port of Safi Jofef, in the Island

of Trinidad, a free Port.

78. An ACt for the better Regulation and Encouragement

of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and

out of the Port of Liverpool.

79. An ACt to amend and render more effectual an ACt,

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more

effefinally to enable the Partjhioners of the Parish g/'Christ:

Church, in the County of Midtilefex, to purchase, hire, or

erect a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the

Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support

and Employment of the Poor therein; and also an ACt*

passed in the eighteenth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, for amending the said tti ft mentioned ACt; and for

enlarging the Powers of the said ACts, and altering the

Manner of rating to the Poor of tiic said Parish, and better

effectuating other Regulations relative thereto.

80. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and

otherwise improving, all such Streets and other Public

Passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of

Ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty Spioffer, fi-

tuate in the Paritti of Saint Pancras, in the County of

Middlesex.

81. An ACt to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend feve-

ral Branches of Canal from and oujt of their said Naviga-

tien.

82. .An ACt for allowing certain Discounts to the Contri-

butors of eighteen millions raised by Annuities by an ACt

of the present Session of Parliament, who shall have com-

pleted their Contributions on or before the Days therein

mentioned.

83. An ACt to repeal so much of an ACt, passed in the pre-

sent Session of Parliament, as prohibits the Exportation

and permits the Importation, Duty free, of several Sorts

of Corn, and other Articles made thereof.

84. An ACt to permit Goods, the P/odudt or Manufacture

of certain Places within the . Levant or Mediterranean

Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in BritiJJo or Fo-

reign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever* for a limited

Time.

85. An ACt to amend so much of an ACt, made in the thirty—

second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in-

tituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with refbeSl to

the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

who JJrnll continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain

Time, and for Sums not exceeding what an mentioned in

the All, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their

E/lates,J'or their Creditors Benefit, as relates to the weekly

Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execu-

tien for Debt, in the Cafes therein mentioned.

86. An ACt for amending an ACt, passed in the thirty—

second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Har-

bour of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleanfng,

amending, and preferring, the Haven of Sandwich, in the

fame County.

87. An ACt for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, wa-

tering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Great Tower

^ r j hi p . 0 r «#3

\

■IH

