of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the I

of any Person or Persons, who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries ;

I « 1 I A o# /* r\ t p| • 11 i • \ c • •

A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricdimo feptimo Georgii III. • C. ir2.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison

fh 1 and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to fee and

speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose

Namesare«infer ted in the before-mentioned Lilt or Lids, or the London Gazette, or other Newspapers, or

any of them, and also to fee, in the'truc and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name

or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Per-

son Or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, lhe, or they are or were detained; and if any such Gaoler or

Keeper shall refuse or neg’.edl to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper

who shall so offend in the Premises shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of

forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of the Courts at IFeJlminster, wherein no LfToin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLl. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any

Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries, in any Book or Books belonging to any

Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be

prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made

therein, or shall insert in any Lid to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Per-

fons who was not in actual Cudody as aforesaid, (except as in the Oath of every such Gaoler or Keeper, or

deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted,) every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be, liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum

-----— «- - *.* — *• • Name *nd for the Use

which Penalties dwll

-----, . #-----, . , , , Majesty’s Courts.of

Record at Westminster, v,'herein no Efl’oin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

{hall be allowed. . ,

XLIi. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall

refuse todifeover and declafe the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or lad Place of Abode, of the

Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was detained or charged in Cudody, or if any Prisoner being

called for and desired by any Creditor or Creditors [shall refuse] to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which

any such Prisoner shall be confined, without (ome reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary,

every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of

the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Dif-

charge by or under this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithdand-

ing-

XLIII. ‘And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of

4 York or Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all of

* which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the

4 Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of such Riding or Division, the fame will be a very

‘ great Charge, not only to such Gaoler, but also so the Prisoners, in th$fe large Counties p be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace

for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties, (or any other County or'Counties where the

Prisons are at a Didance from the Place where the Sessions are held,) at the Common or County Gaol

thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and

meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session from Time to Time,

for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions

of this Act. - ^ t

XLIV. 4 And whereas the Didrfdl or Division of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, is didant near

4 forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the

4 Peace acting for the said Division to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol for the sole Purpose of discharging

4 the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given be it therefore enacted, 'That for the several Purposes

aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or Didridlof Holland may adjourn their original. Sessions to the

County Gaol, or some Place near thereunto; and it shall* and may be lawful for any two Justices of the

Peace, acting either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kejlcven, or Holland, to hold such adjourned Sessions for the

sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners ; Notice of the Adjournment of such original Sessions being given

by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend thereto regider the Proceedings of the said

Court, so far as the fame relate to or adedl the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Diction of

Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act. ]

XLV. 1 And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, whiA

4 shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from syiy

4 of the said Prisons ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall -and may be lawful

for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to beholden for*the County

of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Seu

fions to the Borough of Southwark^ for the Purpose of adminidcring the Oaths required to be taken and sub-

scribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Difchaige of Prisoners or

other Debtors, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Dircdtkms of this Act.

37 Geo. ill. 4P - : XLVI. And

649

G nolers to per-

mit Prisoner* to

be spoken withr

&c. on Penalty

of 4-oi*

Gaolers making

false Entries,

See. to forfeit

500I.

Debtors refusing

to appear, or to

discover the

Abode, &c. of

the Person de-

taining them,

&c. to be ex-

eluded the Be-

nefit of this

Act.

Tuft ice# may

hold a Session

at or near the

County Gaol,

4

Justices for the

District of Hol-

land in Lincoln-

shire may ad-

journ to or near

the County

Gaol, &c.

Justices for Sur-

rey may adjourn

to Southwark.

