8c6

C.78.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

spe&ive Towns, and at the respective Offices which shall be named and appointed by the said Commissioners,

for the Purpose of receiving such Affidavits or Affirmations, (but which shall not be required to be uponftamp-

cd Paper,) containing the several Matters and Things hereinafter for that Purpose Ipecihedand mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, shall spe-

cify and set forth the real and true Names, Additions, Descriptions, and Places of Abode of all and every

Person and Persons, who is and are intended to be the Printer and Printers, Publisher and Publishers, of the

Newspaper or other Paper mentioned in such Affidavit or Affidavits, or Affirmation or Affirmations, and of

all the Proprietors of the fame, if the Number of such Proprietors, ^xclufiveof the Printer and Publisher,

does not exceed two, and in case the fame shall exceed such Number, then of two of such Proprietors, excl'i-

five of the Printer and Publisher, and also the Amount of the proportional Shares of such Proprietors in the

Property of the Newspaper or other Paper, and the true Description of the House or Building wherein any

such Paper is intended to be printed, and like wife the Tide of such Paper.

Where the

Proprietors ex-

ceed two, tl>e

Names of two

of the greatest

Proprietors,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where the Number of such Pro-

prietors, exclullve of the Printer and Publisher, does exceed two, the Names of two Proprietors, the Amount

of each of whose proportional Shares in the Property of such Newspaper or other Paper shall not be less than

the proportional Share of any other Proprietor, exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, shall be specified and

set forth in such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations.

exclusive of the Printer and Publisher, to be specified in the Affidavit.

Affidavit to be

made ns often

as the Printer*,

Publishers, or

Pro; Tietors,

named therein,

or their refi’tfl-

i e Abodes,shall

be changed, Scc.

or as often as

the Commis-'

sioners for Stamps shall require

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Affidavit or Affirmation, Affidavit^ or Affirmations, of the like

Import, shall be made, signed, and given in like Manner, as often as any of the Printers, Publishers, or

Proprietors named in such Affidavits or Affirmations shall be changed, or shall change their respective Places

of Abode, or their Priming House, Place, or Office, and as often as the Title of the Paper shall be

changed, and as often as the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties shall fee reasonable Cause

for requiring such Affidavit or Affirmation to he made, signed, and sworn, or affirmed, and shall give No-

tice that they do require the fame, such Notice to be left at such Place as is mentioned in the Affidavit or

Affirmation last delivered as the Place at which the Newspaper or other Paper to which such Notice shall

rejate is printed.

Affidavit to be

/igmd by the

Parties, and

taken by a

Commiffjoner

or Officer speci-

ally appointed.

Where the

Printers, Pub-

lishers, and

Proprietors, re-

quired to be

named in the

Affidavit, do

not exceed four,

the Whole to

swear; and

where they do

exceed that

Number, four

to swear to

certain Particu-

lars, and to give

Notice to the

Parties not

swearing, on

Penalty of 50I.

each. '

Penalty of tool.

for printing,

publiftiing, or

vending aNcwf-

prper without

such Affidavit

leaving been

V. And be it further enacted. That every such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be in Writing, and signed

by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be taken by any one or more of the said Commissioners,

or by any Officer speciahy appointed by the said Commissioners to receive such Affidavits or Affirmations

as aforesaid, which Commissioners and other Officers are hereby authorized to take such Affidavits upon the

Oath of the Person or Persons making the same, and such Affirmations in the Cafe of Persons commonly

called Quakers* ‘ mjr jg jffc

VI. And be it further enacted. That where the Persons concerned as Printers and Publishers of any News-

paper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, together with such Number of Proprietors as are hereinbefore re-

quired to be named in such Affidavits or Affirmations as aforesaid, shall not altogether exceed the Number

of four Persons, the Affidavit or Affirmation hereby required shall be (worn or affirmed and signed by all the

said Persons who are adult; and when the Number of all such Persons (hall exceed four, the lame shall be

signed and sworn or affirmed by four of such Persons, if so many of them are adult, or by so many of them

as are adult but the fame shall contain the real and true Names, Dcfcrintions, and Places of Abode of all

and every Person and Persons who is and are, or are intended to be, the Printer and Printers, Publisher and

Publishers, and of so many of the Proprietors as are hereinbefore for that Purpose mentioned, of such

Newspaper or other such Paper as aforesaid; and the Person and Persons fofigningand swearing to the

Truth of such Affidavit or Affirmation, in the last mentioned Cafe, shall and are hereby required to give

Notice, within seven Days after such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be so delivered as aforesaid, to each

of the Persons not signing and swearing or affirming such Affidavit or Affirmation, but named therein as a

Pioprictor, Printer, or Publisher, of such Newspaper, or other Paper as aforesaid, that he or they are so

named therein ; and in case cf Neglect to give such Notice, each and every Person who has so signed and

sworn or affirmed such Affidavit or Affirmation shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or

cause to be printed or published, or shall knowingly and wilfully, either as a Proprietor thereof, or otherwise,

fell, vend, or deliver out any Newspaper or other such Paper as aforesaid, such Affidavit or Affirmation, or

Affidavits or Affirmations, containing such Matters and Things as are required by this Act to be therein

contained, not having been duly signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered, and as often as by this Act is

required, or any other Matter or Thing required by this Act to be done or performed according to this Act

not having been done or performed, such Person shall forfeit and lofc, for every such Act done, the Sum or

one hundred Pounds. Afld

3

