(Public G

GEO. III.

"xli

Con (iteration of the eminent Service performed by the said

John Earl Saint Fmcent to His Majesty and the Public.

12. An A d* for settling and securing a certain Annuity on

Aiam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the two nex* Persons

to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall descend, in

Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said

Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the

Public. '

ty An A£* for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14- An Ac* to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate

used in W^tch Cafes.

ty An A£* to permit, during the Continuance of the prc-

sent War, the Importation of Salt from Portugal, in

Neutral Ships. r

x6. An Act for readying Mistakes in the Names of several

of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the

Jaft Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act,

made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting

an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great

Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety Seven; and for appointing other Corn-

mi flioners, together with those named in the tirft-men-

tioned Ad*, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of

Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and

for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commis-

sioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to

His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven. -

a;. An Act* to enable His Majesty more effectually to pro-

vide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the

present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may Puf-

fer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary

for that Purpose.

*8. An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or

being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Lftedh

for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to the

Government of the United Provinces, or any Bodies i o-

litic or Corporate, or any Persons within the said Provinces,

without Licence for that Purpose; and for extending the

Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, more effetlually to pre-

vent, during the present War between Great Britain and

France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Af

Jiflance being given to His Majestfs Enemies, to the said

United Provinces, and to the Persons exercising the Powers

of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territo-

ries and Places, under their Government.

20 An Act to revive and continue, until the Conclusion of

the present War, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years

of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and

twenty-five, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, for authorizing

His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional

Quantity of Wheat and other Articles to the Islands of

Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney. nr« n r

r>Qa An Act to continue, until the twenty-nfeh Day ot

J March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an

A & passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-

fcxth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-Ex, videlicet^ on the sixth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and nlncty-seven, for disallow-

ing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufaaure

of Great Britain, exported to Ireland.

31. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of

May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an Act

passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-

sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,

Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distil-

leries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland,

therein particularly described, fora limited Time; and for

regulating the Duties on Distilleries, in the respe»Slive Dis-

tricts in Scotland. ’; \ ‘

32. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be

paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

33. An Act to amend two Aas made in the twenty-sixth

Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth

' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fespecting the

‘ Performance of Quarantine; for punching Persons acting

contrary to any Order in Council, which may be made

for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for pro-

hibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Im-

portation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the

Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise, for the greater

Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Com-

missioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on

Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before

the landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the

Admiralry, from being engaged in any Trade or Employ-

ment not permitted by their Licences; for permitting

Wines put on board any of His Majesty’s Ships, to be

removed from one Ship to another, without being first:

landed and warehoused; and for extending the Provisions

of an A(St, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge

of thfe Col!e£*or and Comptroller of His Majesty’s Customs

at the Port of Falmouth. v

34. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of

certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance

of an Act*, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty’*

Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and

Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands

who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence

of the said Act*.

35. An Act* to continue several Laws relating to the grant-

ing a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish

Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Im-

portation of Foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine; to the permitting the Exportation of

Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British

Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the IPeJl Indies, until the

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and

two; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and

other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices

of Middling British Rape* Seed shall be above a certain

Limit, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine: to the further Support

and Encouragement of the Fimeries carried on in the-

Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, pntil the twenty-

fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine j to the more effectual Encouragement of the

. g z Manufactures

