A.D. 17Q6.

Anno tricesitno sexto Gp.orgii III.

C. 82.

357

4 should be forfeited :V Be it therefore enadledby the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spirirual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought

into Great Britain, (except Diamonds, Jewels, Pearls, Precious Stones, and Bullion, and fresh Kith, Britrjh

taken, and imported in British-bu\\t Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law;

and also except Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or impoited,) whether such Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize are or shall be liable to Duty or not, shall be unfhipped or landed without the Presence of the

proper Officer of the Customs, either on Sundays^ f Holidays, or any other Days, all such Goods shall be

forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs. v

II. And whereas, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Aflfor charging Ware-

4 house Relit on If^ines, in certain Cafe5y secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on

4 Irines exported to India China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into

4 ttiis Kingdom; Officers of the Customs are authorized to carry or convey to his Majesty’s Warehouses, for

4 Security of the Duties, any Wine that is not entered according to Law, within twenty Days from the

4 Time of the Matter making his Report at the Custom-house of the Ship on board of which such Wines

4 shall have been imported: And whereas the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignces of Wine, are in the

4 Prndlice of making Entries for the fame, within the Time prescribed by Law, and letting such Wine re-

4 main on the Quays for a long Time, without being removed, whereby the Quays are much crouded, to

the great Inconvenience of Trade and Commerce, and Impediment to the Publick Service;’ for the Pre-

vention thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (bail and maybe lawful for the proper Of-

ficer or Officers of the Customs or Excite, at the Expiration of ten Days from and after the Landing there-

of, to carry and convey such Wines to any of his Majesty’s Warehouses, and before the fame shall be de-

livered out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of such Wine, shall

pay into the Hands of the proper Officers of Customs and Excise respectively, all Duties which shall be due

thereon, and which shall remain unpaid, and into the Hands of the proper Warehouse Keeper of Customs

or Excise Warehouse Relit, for such Wine, at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Week, for each and every

Cask or other Package, from the Time of the fame being warehoused, together with the Costs, Charges,

and Expences attending the carrying of such Wine, Casks, and Packages to such Warehouse or Ware-

houses, or otherwise relating to such Wine, Casks, and Packages; and it the Importer, Proprietor, or Con-

signee shall neglect or refule to take'such Wine from such Warehouse or Warehouses within the Space of

three Months, the fame shall and may be sold to defray the said Duties, Warehouse Relit, Costs, Chaiges,

and Expences incurred thereon; and the Overplus shall be paid to the said Importer, Proprietor, or Con-

No Goods Im-

ported, except

Diamonds, Sec.

Hull be unship-

ped without the

Pre fence of the

proper Officer,

on Penalty of

Forfeiture.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 113.

Wine not re-

moved in ten

Days after

Landing may

be warclioufed ;

and bi fore De-

livery thereout,

the Duty, and

6d. a Week per

Cate Ware-

house Relit,

with Charges of

Removal, to he

paid ;

and if not re-

moved from the

Warehouse in three Months, may be fold.

signee.

I m I I I 1 e " , , # m

III. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and federal other Acts,

4 certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats, therein particularly defenbed, are in certain Cafes subject to Forfeiture,

4 unless the Owner thereof shall have a Licence, as therein described and directed, for navigating the fame,

4 from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time be-

4 ing, or any Person authorized by them to grant the fame: And whereas the Owner of every Ship, Vef-

4 set, or Boat, so licensed, is required to give certain Security, as in the said Acts directed, before such

4 Ship, Vessel, or Boat, proceeds to Sea, or fails out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom;

4 And whereas it is expedient that, over and above the Security in the said Acts directed, further Security

4 should be given by Bond, in Manner directed by the said Acts, by the said Owner, before any such Vef-

4 fel shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom, that on any such

4 Ship, Vessel, or Boat, being loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of, the saul Licence, so granted as

4 aforesaid, shall be delivered up to the Person or Persons by whom such Security shall have been taken, or

4 his or their Successors in Office, in order that the fame may be cancelled within the Space of three

4 Months from the Time any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall have been loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise

4 disposed of:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this

A&, the Owner of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be licensed in pursuance of the said Acts, or

either of them, shall, before any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port,

Harbour, or Creek, in mis Kingdom, give Security by Bond, (over and above the Security directed by the

said Acts,) in the Manner directed therein respectively, that in case any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be

loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of,every such Licence shall be delivered up to the Person or Persons

by whom such Security shall have been taken, or to his or their Successors in Office, in order that the fame

may be canceled, which he or they are hereby authorized and required to do, within the Space of three

Months from the Time any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed

ot; any Law, Custom, or LJfage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

b IV. Provided always. That although any Licence granted in pursuance of the said Acts may not be de-

livered up to be cancelled within the l ime specified in this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commis-

sioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of his Ma-

le fly’s Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized respectively, in

case they fee (utficient Cause, at any Time, to direct the Person or Persons by whom Security shall

h^ve been taken from the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to whom such Licence shall nave

® granted, to receive such Licence, and cancel such Security.

CAP.

24 Geo. III.

Scfl*. 2. Cap. 47,

Owners of Vcf-

fels licensed

pdnuant to last

mentioned A&,

to give Bond,

that if they bef

loiL 1Serf the

Licence shall be

delivered up.

CrmmiflToners

of CuHoms may

at any Time di-

rect Licences to

be cancelled.

