C. 16

39

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

virtue cf this Act; and that if any A£lion or Suit shall bs prosecuted and commenced against any Person or

Perform for or determined by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing so done, or forborne to be done, he, (he, or they

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the (pedal Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff

or Plaint ffs in any A<Slion or Suit lo to be prosecuted or commenced after the sixteenth Day of 'January

bft, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or

suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in

Cafes where the Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Adliotv or Suit as aforesaid shall

be commenced or prosecuted after the said sixteenth Day of January, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland^ the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the

Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double

Costs of Suit in all such Cafes as aforesaid.

III. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any A£lion or Suit, Prosecution or other

Proceeding, hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons, or against any Goods, Wares,

Merchandizes, or Eft'eds, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Hprfes, Cattle, or Carriages, which the said Commis-

sioners shall order to be relealld, as aforesaid, for or by reason of any Ad, Matter, or Thing done, or

forborne to be done, in execution of or in consequence of the said Orders, or either of them, it shall and

may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders, in any such Actions or Suits, Prosecutions or Proceedings

reflectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits, Prosecutions or Proceedings, shall

have been commenced, to apply to such Courts respectively to flay all Proceedings therein respectively, by

Motion in a summary Way; and such Courts or Court are hereby required to make Order for that Pur-

pose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall, if they shall think fit, award and

allow to the JDefendants or Defenders respectively, such Costs of Suit as such Court or Courts shall think

proper, for which such Defendants or Defenders shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cafes where

the Costs arc by Law given to Defendants or Defenders.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons

or Person to import or bring into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes,

and Effects whatsoever, belonging to any of the Subjects of the United Province^ or to any Persons who,

before the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or belonging to

any Subject of his Majesty, or to any Subject of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, coming from

2 vy Part of the United Provinces; and also any like Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects from any

Pert of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, in Amity with his Majesty, in Vessels belonging to any Subject

of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabit-

ants of the said United Provinces, or to any Subjcd of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his

.\Ljwfty, and bound to any Port of the United Provinces; and the fame shall and may be landed in the Pre-

knee of the proper Officers of the Customs, and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks of his

Majesty anJ of the Proprietors thereof, at the Ri(k and Expence of the said Proprietors; such Warehouses

to approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more of them, in that

Part of Great Britain called England, and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or by the principal Officers of the

Port where such Goods shall be imported; and the said Commissioners respectively shall and are hereby

authotized and required to make such Regulations, and to give such Directions as they may deem necessary

Ijr securing the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects, for the Benefit of the Proprietors thereof,

r.:vJ for the Security of the Revenue, until further Provisions shall be inaJe by Parliament respecting

the lame. t

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, \ hat it shall and may be lawful

to ar. J for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to suspend the Operation of this Act,

or any Pait thereof, and to renew the fame in the Whole or in Part, for (ucli l ime, and in such Manner,

15 dull be thought expedient and proper.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this present Act, and

tvery or any Thing therein contained, in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of

several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

16th March 1795.]

1 X T WHEREAS by virtue of divers Acts cf Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom,

1 W federal Sums of Money, amounting together to nearly the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, have-

‘ been assessed, collected, and raised upon the County of Derby, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned,

‘ which Sums now remain in the Hands of several Persons unapplied, and it is apprehended the fame cannot,

4 by the Laws in being, be applied to any Purpose whatsoever: And whereas in pursuance of a Recom-

• mendation from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Lord Lieutenant of the said

4 County, for raising and embodying Troops for the internal Defence of this Kingdom, a considerable Sum

4 of Money has been subscribed and advanced for that Purpose by several Gentlemen and others of the said

4 County, and Part of the Money so subscribed and advanced was paid into the Hands o( Messieurs Crompton

and Blew ton Bankers in the Town 0 \ Derby, and other Part into the Hands of Messieurs Evans and Son

If ™ * I ‘ Bankers

If Plaintiffs in

Action* proft-.

cured or com-

menced afttr

Jan. 16, 179$, -

bejom? nonluit.

See. the Defend-

ants to recover

Double ColU.

Defendants in

Actions already

commenced,

may apply to

the Court to

flop Plotted-

ings, Sec.

Goods belong-

ing to Subjects

of the United

Provinces,

coming from

thence, £cc.

may be landed

and waie-

housed. Scc.

His Majesty in

Council may

suspend the

Operation of

this Act.

Act may be

altered re-

pealed this

Session,

