A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 5*

15

Limitation of

Action*.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Adhion shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any

Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after

the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Com-

plaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there- Generallflut.

upon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adiion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants

shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff?, the De-

fendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant Treble Costs.

hath in other Cafes to recover Costs by Law.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by' This Act may

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Section of Parliament. be altered or

repealed this Session.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative forms in an-

to the several Matters contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto an- lc

ntxed, may be used on all Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only, as may be necessary to adapt f “ e

them to the particular Exigencies of the Cafe; and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, t*°madtC for ”

for Want of Form in any such Proceedings by any Person or Persons whatever. ^ yqiciy

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. r.

FORM cf appointment of General Sejpons.

To the Justices of the Peace for the County (Riding, or Division) of

WHEREAS it is enacted, by an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the ASlf\ and passed on the

Day of that the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County

of (or Riding, or Division, as the Cafe may bej shall, within a l ime not exceeding

twenty-one Days after the pairing of that Aci, assemble together at some convenient Place in the said

County of (or Riding, or Division,) where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have

heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions lor the Purpose of carrying effec -

tually into Execution the Powers given to them by the said Act, in pursuance of Notice to be given by the

Clerk of the Peace, with the Consent of two Justices of the Peace, in any Newspaper usually circulated in

the said County of five Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such

Court: Notice is hereby given that I Clerk of the Peace for the County (Riding, or

Division) of by virtue of the Powers and in pursuance of the Direction contained in that

Act, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the Assent of A. B. and C. D. two of the Justices of the

Peace of the said County, (Riding, or Division,) a General Sessions, to be holden the

Day of next ensuing, at the of in the said County, (Riding, or

Division,) at the Hall there situate, at the Hour of in the Forenoon of the lame

Day, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution, and that I have in pursuance thereof directed

this Notice to be published in the Newspapers called The ulually circulated in this

County, (Riding, or Division,) on the Day of next ensuing, beui£

Days before the said Time of Meeting.

A. B. Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

FORM of Appointment of Number of Men to be raised in thejewral Dislrifis.

To be annexed to the Order to High Constable.

AT the General Sessions of the Peace, held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

on the Day of at We, the Justices of the

Peace, in and for the County of assembled at the above Sessions of the Peace, do hereby

ap^voint the Number of Men to serve for the Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, Lath,

W-pcnukc, or Distridi,} and also for each Parish, Tithing, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, or

extra--

