©02

I

Arrears of Du -

tics repealed,

Penalties incur-

red before

Commence-

ment of this

Act,Drawbacks

&c. to be ad-

jured by the

Commissioners

of Excise.

Recovery and

Application of

penalties.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

Che Duties.

• -• •■ I V*

Trom Oft. ic,

179*. Officers

of the Excise

may exercise

such Powers as

were given to

Officers of the

Salt Dutios by

Acts in force

before pair-

ing this Act, and

which are not

hereby repealed

4Dr altered.

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

• t

or Officers, in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud

or Frauds, relating to the Duties on Salt, or Rock Salt, or not to discover the fame, all and every such Person

or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, whether such Offer or Proposal be ac-

cepted or not, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all outstanding Arrears of the Duties by this A3 repealed,

which shall have arisen or been charged, on all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which shall have been in-

curred or adjudged in relation to any such Duties, before the Commencement of this Act, shall be paid to,

and shall be received, distributed, and accounted for by the Commissionetsof Excise in England and Scotland

respectively ; and all legal and just outstanding Claims, for or in respect of any Drawback, Discount, Al-

lowance, or Bounty, which shall have arisen or become due in relation to any such Duties before the Com-

mencement of this Act, shall beadjufted, settled, paid, and accounted for by the said Commissioners of Ex-

cife in England and Scotland respectively, out of any Money in their Hands arising by the Duties by this Act

imposed : Provided always nevertheless. That no such Claim, for or in respect of any such Drawback, Dif-

count, Allowance, or Bounty, shall be allowed or paid, unless the fame shall be made within six Months

next after the Commencement of this Adh . . ’ ' ' ’ ;

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act

or Acte of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this A3, and relating to the Duties on Salt,

aid not recovered, and also all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this A3, shall be sued for,

rcctve , levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture,

may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws gf Excise, or by A3ion of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wcjhmnjler, or in the Court of

Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that (save and except in such Cafes where it is otherwise expressly

directed by this A3) one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or sue for the

fame.

CXXXVIL And be it further ena3ed. That all Monies arising by the said Duties by this Act granted

or imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to

Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the

Consolidated Fund.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, out of the Monies arising from the Duties on Salt hereby granted, the

Sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds, being one fourth Part of the

Sum of four hundred and six thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, the annual Average Produce forfix

Years, ending the fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, of the said Duties on

Salt, shall Quarterly, on the fifth Day of "January, the fifth Day of Abril^ the fifth Day of July, and the

tenth Day of OSlober, in every Year, during the Period often Years, f>e set apart from the Remainder of

the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and that the said Remainder of the said Duties shall, during

the said Period of ten Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all

other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates and Duties so paid into the

said Receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for

the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock created by virtue

of any A3 passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which

the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties (half, together with the Monies

arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose ot defraying

such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CXxXIX. 4 And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this

4 Act, and relating to the Duties on Salt, certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Collectors and

4 other Officers of the Duties on Salt, and such Collectors and Officers respectively by the said Acts were

4 authorized and required to make Seizures of Salt and other Articles forfeited by the said Acts, and to do,

4 perform, and execute divers other Acts, Matters, and Things, for the Purpose of regulating the Collection

4 of the Duties by this Act repealed, and for preventing and detesting of Frauds relating thereto: And

4 whereas it is expedient that such of the said Powers and Authorities as are not repealed, revoked, or al-

‘ tered or controlled by this Act, or not repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, be given to,

4 and in future exercised, practised, and put in Execution by the Collectors and Officers of Excise, and the

4 Officers of Excise should be authorized and required to make such Seizures, and to do, perform, and ex-

4 ecute all such Acts, Matters, and Things, for the regulating the Collection of the Duties by this Act im-

4 posed in lieu of the said Duties so repealed, and for preventing and detesting Frauds relating to the said

4 Duties by this Act imposed be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of O^ober one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Collectors and

other Officers of Excise, and such Collectors and other Officers are hereby authorized and required to make

such Seizures, and to exercise, practise, and put in Execution such of the said Powers and Authorities

jespectively as are not repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this Act, or not repugnant to any of the

9 Provisions

