A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 51, 52.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Officer Having the Command of each Troop of Volunteer Commanding

Cavalry shall make up an Account of all Monies received and paid by him, on Account of such Exercise, Officer to make

according to the following Form : in J

COUNTY of

Dr.

To Cash received of the Receiver General

* for Days Pay of

Men - -

To Ditto for Days Allowance

for Horses

£■ t

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid Volunteer Cavalry Men for

their Attendance at the Place of Exercise

on the Days appointed, being

Days Pay - - ‘ -

Paid Allowance for

Horses used in Exercise for

Days -----

£• s. d.

which he shall

sign and deliver

to the Receiver

General, Scc.

Which Account shall be signed by the Officer having the Command of such Troop; and such Officer shall,

within ten Days alter the l ime such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if

there be any due, to the Receiver General; ahd such Account shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers, in

the passing of the Accounts of the Receiver General, by the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Court of

Exchequer. * . . V

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate or Bar,

for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps or Troops of

Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the

Days of Exercise ; any Thing contained in any A & or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

to or returning from Exercise.

V. Provided always, That such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of therr respective Corps or Personsclaiming

Troops, and have their Arms, Furnitures, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for

such Corps and Troops respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid.

No Toll to be

taken for any

Horses belong-

ing to Volunteer

Cavalry, going

yj 0101 [1^ Wlill ally U1 Ui ^ L/ UIK. t lilly)vjicl» 1/ y 11 ( i |/clilLU III Lllv* prVvICIil Owl

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid. and Contribution for the Prosecution

such Person keeping oneCuch Horse, Mare, or Gelding only, shall be wholly

1 • 1 * . i f • I O* 1 1

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall provide a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any

Person serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, raised under the Authority of any Act of Parliament

now in force, or who shall at his or her Expence furnish a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any Person

serving in any such Corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such Horse, Mare, or

Gelding, with any of the Duties imposed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

*“ v * ~ of theJVar\ but that every

exempt from the said Duties

during his Continuance in the said Service ; and that every such Person keeping more than one such Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, shall, during his Continuance in such Service, be assessed and charged according to the

Rates in the said Act prescribed, for one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, less than the Number of Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, by him kept and used as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer

of the Corps or Troop in which any such Person as aforesaid shall serve, not only the several Persons who

shall serve, but also the several Persons who shall furnish any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for any other

Persons serving in any such Corps, shall be inserted, and that Affidavits of the several Persons serving in such

Corps, for whom any Horses, Mares, or Geldings shall be furnished, declaring by whom respectively

the fame are furnished, shall, in every such Cafe, be annexed to such Certificate.

such Exemption

to be dressed in

their Uniform,

Sc c.

No Person fur-

nifliing a Horse

for a Volunteer

Corps to be

charged for it,

with the Duty

imposed by c. 16.

of this Session.

In the Certifi-

cates of Com-

manding Offi-

cers, the Persons

who serve, and

who furnish

Horses for

Olliers, shall be inserted.

m f \ i, - CAP. LII.

An Act to regulate the Trial of causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise

within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

-* *n V! \ * * [ift1798.]

WHEREAS there at present exists, in the Counties of Cities and of Towns Corporate within this

Kingdom, an exclusive Right, that all causes and Offences which arise within their particular

Limits should be tried by a Jury of Persons residing within the Limits of the County of such City or

Town Corporate; which ancient Privilege, intended for other and good Purposes, has in many Instances

been found, by Experience, not to conduce to the Ends of Justice : And whereas it will tend to the

more effectual Administration of Justice, in certain Cafes, if Actions, Indictments, and other Proceed-

ings, the causes of which arise within the Counties of Cities and Towns Corporate,

were tried in the

next adjoining v^cumies; in oroer tnereigre to remeay tms iviiicmer for me ruture, oe it enacted ny rne

5 G 2 ‘King’s

