56 S

ported only

from the Domi-

nions of the

Grand Seignior,

may he import-

from any

l’l.ice rot being

within those

Dominions, ice.

Goods which

have heenware-

houftd, may be

taken out undyr

the Regulations

Of this Act.

Continuance of

Ad.

2 GoO* 2* C. 22.

and

31 Geo.2. c. 28.

recited.

G. 84J 85. Anno tricesimo feptimO G eorgi 1 III. A.D. 1797.

any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

navigated with Foreign Seamen, upon Payment of the fame Duties, if imported into Great Britain in British-

built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported d.reftly from the Place of their

Growth, Production, or Manufacture, except Drugs, which, if imported by any Person or Persons not free

of the Turkey Company, shall be liable to the like Duties as they would have been liable to if not imported

directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Act had not been made ; and if any such

Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Cafe the Goods so imported

Hull be subject to the Duties which Yuch Goods would have been subject and liable to by Law, if this

Act had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary not-

withstanding. -

IV. fc And whereas certain Goods and Commodities as aforesaid, imported in the Manner hereinbef >re

4 mentioned, have been permitted by his Majesty in Council to be landed and xvarehoused, subject to such

Duties and Regulations as shall be imposed and made by Parliament respecting the fame :* He it further

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to take all such Goods and Commodities out of any Warehouse

in which the fame shall have been lodged or deposited, upon Payment of the like Duties, and fubjzft to the

same Rules and Regulations, as such Goods and Commodities would have been liable unto, if they had been

imported by virtue of this Aci.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That this Act shall continue.and remain

in full Force until three Months after the Conclusion of the present War.

CAP. LXXXV. ;• M

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors^ with respect to the

Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in

Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the A£t> to

make Discovery ofy and deliver upon Oath> their Estates> for their Creditors Benefitas re-

lates to the weekly Sums thereby directed to be paid to Prisoners in Execution for

ijcbt, in the Cafes therein mentioned.—[ 19th June 1797.] . ^

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with rejfieft to the Imprijonment of their Persons,

it was, among other Things, enacted, 'That Prisoners charged in Execution for any Debt or Debts under

4 the Sum therein mentioned, who should make an Alignment of their Estate and Effects for the Benefit of

4 their Creditors, in the Manner therein specified, should be entitled to be dilicharged, or to have an Allow-

4 alice, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Four-pence per Week, to be made to them by such of

4 their Creditors charging them in Execution, as should iniift on their being detained in Prison ; which Act

4 was by several subsequent Acts amended and continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven

4 hundred and fifty-nine : And whereas, by an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late

4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Afifor the Relief of Debtors with refaefl to the Imprison-

4 went of their Persons ; and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time,

4 and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the At7, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath, their

4 E/lates, for their Creditors Benefitit is, amongst other Things, enacted, that, from and alter the fifteenth

4 Day of June one thousand seven hundred and hfty-nine, if any Person or Persons should be charged in

4 Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

4 or on which Execution or Executions there should renoain due a Sum or Sums of Money not amounting

4 to above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, and should be minded to deliver up to his or their Creditor

4 or Creditors, who should so charge him, her, or them in Execution, all his, her, or their Estate and Effects,

4 for or towards the Satisfaction of the Debt or Debts wherewith he, she, or they should so (land charged,

4 it should and might be lawful to and for any such Prisoner or Prisoners to exhibit such Petition to such

4 Court of Law, and to carry on such Proceedings thereon as in the said last mentioned Act are particularly

4 specified and set forth ; and that the several Requisites contained in the said Act, having been complied with

4 on the Part of such Prisoner or Prisoners as therein mentioned, it should and might be lawful for such

4 Court, by Rule or Order thereof, immediately to cause such Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged, upon

4 his, her, or their executing such Assignemnt and Conveyance of his, her, or their Estate and Eftefts in

4 the Manner thereto mentioned, unless such Creditor or Creditors who should have charged any such Prisoner

4 or Prisoners in Execution, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, should agree, by Writing,

4 in the Manner therein mentioned, to pay and allow weekly a Sum.not exceeding two Shillings and Four-

4 pence, as any such Court should think fit, unto such Prisoner, to be paid so long as any such Prisoner

4 should continue in Prison, in Execution at the Suit of any such Creditor or Creditors, with such Remedy,

4 in case of any Failure in the Payment of such weekly Sum, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned :

4 And whereas it is al(b by the said Act further enacted, that where more Creditors than one should charge

4 any Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, and should desire to have such Prisoner or Prisoners detained in

Prison, each and every such Creditor and Creditors should only respectively pay such weekly Sum of Mn-

. / _ 4 ney»

