5

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 5.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle~upon-Tynr,

and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, one hundred

and sixty-one. I

For the County of Oxford, one hundred and twenty-seven.

For the County of Rutland, twenty-three.

For the County of Salop, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the County of Somerset, three hundred and fifty-one.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, two hundred

and thirty-six. . - ,

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, two hundred and

forty-five. , #v ; '

For the County of Suffolk, two hundred and sixty-three.

For the County of Surrey, three hundred and twenty-three.

For the County of Sussex, with such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County, one

hundred and seventy-two.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, one hundred and

nin:ty-three. - -

For the County of Weslmoreland, sixty-nine.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of IVilts, one hundred and sixty.

For the East Riding of the County of York, with the Town and County of the Town of King ft on upon

Hull, one hundred and seventy-five; for the Weft Riding of the said County, six hundred and nine ; and

for the North Riding of the said County, with the City and County of the City of York, two hundred

and ninety-(even.

For the County of Anglcfea, thirty-four.

For the County of Brecknock, forty-one.

For the County of Cardigan, thirty-six.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, sixty-seven.

For the County of Carnarvon, thirty-six.

For the County of Denbigh, seventy-three.

For the County of Flint, thirty-eight.

For the County of Glamorgan, seventy-six.

For the County of Merioneth, forty-three.

For the County of Montgomery, sixty-nine.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of tiaverfordwejl, forty-six.

For the County of Radnor, twenty-six.

II. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Com-

Tnissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, and they are

hereby required, to constitute and appoint, in such of the Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, in such Part of

Great Britain as aforesaid, (except in the City and County of the City of London,) so many Officers to

regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this ACt for his Majesty’s Service, as the

said Commissioners shall deem necessary; who,.being so respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient

Place or Places of Rendezvous, in each such County, Riding, or Division, (except the City and County of

the City of London as aforesaid,) for the Reception of such Men ; and every such Man so to be levied shall,

before his Inrolment, be examined by one such Regulating Officer at the least, as to his Ability to serve his

Majesty ; and every such Officer shall have full Power of approving or of rejecting any Man tendered to

serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul and Superintendance as by this ACt is particularly

directed. \s

III. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace aCting in and

for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions aforesaid, shall, within a Time not exceeding twenty-one

Days after the passing of this Act, assemble together at some convenient Place in each County, Riding, or

Division, where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there

hold a Court of General Sessions, for the Purpose of carrying effectually into Execution the Powers given to

them by this ACt; and that in every Cafe where any City, Town or Borough, Cinque Port or Liberty, is

hereby united with any County at large, Riding, or Division, in estimating the Number, of Men to be

raifcJ by virtue of this ACt, the Justices of such City, Town or Borough, Cinque Port or Liberty, shall

allcmble themselves together with the Justices of such County at large. Riding, or Division, and the Justices

(b alVembled shall respectively have ana be entitled to exercise the Powers and lurifdiCtions of Justices of the

Peace, in all Things touching the Execution of this ACt, as well for such City, Town, Borough, Cinque

Port, or Liberty, as also (or such County at large, Riding, or Division, and shall be deemed and taken to be

Lich Justices respectively, without any other or further Qualification ; and that the said Justices so assembled

may, from Time to Time, as often as they shall find it neccll'ary, adjourn such Court of General Sessions,

so that such Adjournment shall not be for any longer Time than from Day to Day, (Sundays excepted.)

until they shall have fully and effectually carried this ACt into Execution, in respect of the Powers vested in

such

Admiralty to

appoint Officers

to regulate the

Admufion of

Men, &c.

Justices, with-

in 21 Days alter

patting this A&,

to hold a Gene-

ral Settions lor

carrying it into

Execution.

