42 2

Application of '

- Fen ltics.

Recovery of Pe-

nalties.

7u >iccs may

h«ar and deter-

mine Offences

fuhjecting; to

pecuniary Pe-

nalties, and levy

the l ime by

Diilitfe.

Offenders miy

be committed

for Want of

Diflrcfs.

Appeal may be

. made to the

Qu Tier Sef-

fions.

Penalty of 5I.

on Witnesses

lor Default.

Justices to

caulr Convic-

tien to be made

out in the fol-

lowing

Form.

Convidtionsto

be returned to

'the Quarter Sef-

lions to be filed.

C. 125.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

.thereof, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and

shall he applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Du-

ties by this Act imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been repeated in this present Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided anddif-

tributed (if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalties being

incurred) in Manner following j that is to say, one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succef*

fors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Of-

fences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in His

Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at IVe/lminster, for Offences committed in England, and in His Majesty’s

Court of Exchequer in Scotland-, for Offences committed in Scotland^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein no Efloin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall

be allowed. '

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice

of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Of-

fence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, which said Justice of the

Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Be-

half, at any Time within six Calendar Months after such Offence shall have been committed against this

Act, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into

the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeflaon of the Party, or

by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath he is hereby empowered to admi-

mfter,) to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in or by this Act is di-

rested, (all which Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one Aloiety thereof

to the Informer or Informers who shall prosecute for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof, the necef-

fary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, in the Manner herein-afterdirefted,) and to award and iflueouthis Warrant, under

his Hand and Seal,f>r levying any such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the

Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within fix

Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, (if any,) and where Goods of the Offender cannot be

found sufficient to answer the Penalty or Penalties, to commit the said Offender or Offenders to the House

of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty

or Penalties shall be sooner paid |and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find him or herself, or

themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, she, or they shall or may, upon giv-

ing Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as

shall be awarded, in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next

General or Quarter Sessionsfor the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein the Of-

fence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally

to hear and determine the fame j and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for

such Justices of the Peace to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs, occasioned by

such Appeal, as to them the said Justices shall seem meet.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or

Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters re-

lative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall ne-

tleft or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable

ixcufe for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace

before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such

Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as in and by

this Act is directed as to other Penalties.

XXV. And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted, That the Justice

of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be

made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis

mutandis, which Conviction shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, without stating the

Cafe, or the Fafts or Evidence, in any more particular Adanner; (that is to say,)

Day of

in the Year of our Lord

yf, B» of

13 E it remembered, 7’hat on the--

in the County of——- was convicted before me C. D. one of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

the said County, residing near to the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on

‘ the-----Day of----- now last past, at the-----of —----- in the said County of did [Here

c JJatc the Offence against the At7] contrary to the Statute in that Cafe made and provided. Given under my

‘ Hand and Seal, the ----- ’ ' -

Day of

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the

next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or

Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Cleric of the Peace, and there to remain and be

kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place: Provided a>ways

