2o6

Wine so fold for

Exportation, if

(hipt before

Bond be given,

forfeited.

Manner in

which Bond

shall be difi.

charged.

Receipts of the

Commissioners

of Excise and

Customs re spec-

tively, to be

sufficient Dif-

charges.

Persons forging,

Ac. Certificates

for Discharge of

Bonds, or Of-

ficers conniving

at them, to for-

feit 2001.

Wine if unladen

in the Kingdom,

after it is Ihipt,

to be forfeited

with Treble the

Value.

For Foreign

Wine exported

to China, the

fame Drawback

fO be allowed as

for Wine sent to

the East Indies,

> on Conditions

of recited Act.

C. 118. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Wine, which shall be so fold

for Exportation, shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel in any of the Ports of this Kingdom, before such

Bond shall be given, the Wine so laden, together with the Casks and other Packages containing the fame,

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such respective Securities by Bond,

herein-before directed to be given, shall be discharged in Manner herein-after mentioned: (that

is to say,) for such of the said Wines as shall be sold for Exportation, and to be landed in Ireland,

the Condition of the Bond shall he, to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof, within six Months

from the Date of the Bond; and within twelve Months for such of the said Wines as shall be fold

for, and to be landed in any other Foreign Port or Place in Europe; and within eighteen Months for such of

the said Wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any of his Majesty’s Plantations in America or Africa,

or any of the United States of America ; and within twenty-four Months for such of the said Wines as shall

be sold for, and to be landed in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope\ which said Certificate

for such Wines as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs

there, importing that such Wine was there landed, and testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of

his Majesty’s Customs shall be resident in such Port or Place where such Wine shall be lauded, such Certi-

iicate shall be signed by the Britijfh Conftd, or other Person a£ting as such there, purporting that such Wine

was there landed, and testifying the landing thereof ; and if no Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, or British

Consul, or other Person acting as such, shall be resident in such Port or Place where- such Wine shall be

landed, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or

under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that such Wine

was there landed, or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof, in either of the said Cafes, that

such Wine was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, or by Fire, the Examination and Proof thereof

being left to the Judgment of the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively-

for the Time being ; and such Bond herein-before directed to be given for such Wine as shall be so sold to

be distilled into Brandy, or made into Vinegar, shall be discharged on the Production of a Certificate front

the proper Officers or Officer of Excise, that such Wine has been so made use of, within three Months after

the fame shall have been delivered out of such Warehouse.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipts of the said respective Com-

missioners of Excise shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs

for such Money as they shall so pay to the said respective Commissioners of Excise, and the Receipts of the

said respective Receivers General of the Customs shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Comr

missioners of Excise for such Monies as they shall so pay to the said respective Receivers General; and such

Receipts shall severally be allowed by the proper Officer or Officers in paffingthe Accounts of the said respec-

tive Commissioners of Excise and Receivers General of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or

counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Certificate by this Act required for the

Discharge of any Bond or Bonds given, entered into, or executed, for or in respect of any such Wine, or

shall produce to any Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or to any Collector or other Officer

of Excise, or make use of any forged, counterfeited, false or untrue Certificate, as and for any Certificate

by this Act required for the Difchafge of any such Bond or Bonds, knowing the fame to be so forged or

counterfeited, or if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise shall connive at any such Certificate

being so forged or counterfeited, or at any. such forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue Certificate being so

produced or made use of, all and every the Person and Persons so offending shall, for each and every such

Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds. : 7 •1 "4113

VI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the shipping of any such Wine, the fame Wine, or any

Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

within this Kingdom, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted,) that then and in every such

Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty’s Use, all

such Wine which shall be so unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or

Boat, within Great Britain, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted,) with Treble the

Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and such Wine shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs or Excise. . ;

VII. 4 And whereas the Drawback of the Duties of Excise now allowed for or in respect of Foreign

4 Wine exported to China is less than such Drawback allowed for or in respect of such Foreign Wines ex-

4 ported to the British Settlements in the East Indies, and it is expedient to equalize the said Drawbacks;’ be it

therefore enacted, I hat there shall be paid and allowed, for or in respect of all Foreign Wines which shall, from

and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be exported from Great Bri-

tain as Merchandize to China, the fame Drawback of the Duties of Excise as are now by Law allowed for

or in ref|>edt of Foreign Wine exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Settlement in

the East Indies : Provided always nevertheless, that no Drawback granted by this Act shall be paid or al-

lowed, nor any Certificate or Debenture for the fame be given or made out, (ave and except upon the fame

Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provi-

fions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by the said Act

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ; and the said Rules, Regulations, Re-

ftridbons, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby di-

redled to be used, applied, practised, and put-in Execution on the Exportation of W'ine, for the Purpose ci*

obtaining the Drawback by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

■' raid

