576

No Note allow-

by 31 Gto. 3.

c. 25. tojje iilu-

agkln, shall,

after ]uly 5,

1797, be so

itfued until

A 0 '

llampt with ad-

ditional Stamp

directed by this

Ait.

Regulations of

the fold Act to

extend to this.

From July 5,

1797, certain

additional Du-

ties to be paid

on Gold and

Silver Plate im-

ported or made

in Great Britain.

Duties on Gold

and Silver Plate

made in Great

Britain to be

under tl*e Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

for Stamps*

St nr. 2. c. 53.

Duties on Gold

and Silver Plate

imported to be

under the Ma-

ragemtnt of the

Commissioners

of Customs.

t CaP- 13*

From July 5,

1797, an addi-

tional Duty of

6 d. per Cent,

to be paid for

Ir.furances from

Loss by Fire j

which Duty

shall be under

the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

for Stamps.

ft Stefojty § 23,

&C.}

Duties, except

on Gold and

Silver Plate im-

C. 90. Anno triceflmo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note, or other Note, which by the said Act passed in

the thirty-jirft Year of the Reign of.his present Majesty, is allowed to be again iflfued under certain Regula-

tiens therein contained, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, be again issued after Payment thereof, until the fame shall have been brought to the said Head

Office to be stamped with a proper Stamp in the Manner directed by .this Act; and the said Commissioners

are hereby authorized and required to (lamp the fame, or cause the fame to be stamped, on Payment of the

Duty by this Act imposed, on Proof on Oath or solemn Affirmation before the said Commissioners, (which

Oath or solemn Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized to

administer,) that the fame hath not been, after Payment thereof, again issued since the said filth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and any such Promissory or other Note which shall be firffc

issued or negociated after the said fifth Day of Jidy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which

may be after any Payment thereof according to the Regulations of the said Act again issued, being also first

stamped with the nroper Stamp to denote the Duty by this Act imposed, may be again issued from Time

10 Time in the Manner allowed by the said Act; and all Rules, Regulations, Duties, and Penalties pre-

feribed or imposed by the said Act, with respect to the (lamping such Promissory or other Notes, in order to

issue the fame from Time to Time, or with respect to the ifliung, or negotiating, or cancelling such Notes,

after Payment thereof, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to the securing the Duties by this Act

imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the same had severally been enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVI. . And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Ule of his Ma-

jessy, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates or Duties following; that is to say, For and upon all Gold Plate

which shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the Kingdom of Great

Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional Duty

after the Rate of eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quan-

tity ; and for and upon all Silver Plate, which, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand leven

hundred and ninety-seven, shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the

Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great

Britain, an additional Duty after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ounce Troy; and so in Proportion for any

greater or less Quantity.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed on Gold and Silver Plate made or

wrought in Great Britain, shall be under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties;

and the fame shall be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and in and

by the like Means, Ways, and Methods, by which the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate wrought in Great

Britain, and granted by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, are

or may be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, and shall be subject and liable to all the like Rules, Regulations,

Methods, Reltridlions, Exemptions, and Penalties, as the said former Duties are subjectand liable to by any

Law in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed on Gold or Silver Plate imported or

brought into this Kingdom, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England

and Scotland respectively, and shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such and

the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Means, Ways, and Methods, by which the Duties of

Customs on Gold and Silver Wrought Plate imported, imposed by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty f, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and

paid; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with a Duty on

Importation, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions,

and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, were subject and liable by any Act or

Acts in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great

Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Yearly Sum o?Sixpence over

and above the Yearly Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence now payable for every Sum of one hundred Pounds,

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or

by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property,

from Loss by Fire. c- J

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said last mentioned Duties on Infurances hereby granted, shall

be under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and the fame shall be raised, levied,

recovered, answered, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and in and by the like Means, Ways, and

Methods, by which the said Duties of one Shilling and Sixpence, granted on the like Insurances by an Act

passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty J, are or may be raised, levied, re-

covered, and paid, and shall be subject and liable to all the like Rules, Regulations, Methods, Restrictions,

Exemptions, and Penalties, as the former Duties are subject and liable to by any Law in Force on and

immediately before the passing of this Act. - *1

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the several Duties herein-before men-

tioned, except those on Gold and Silver Plate imported, shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands

of

