186

C. no.

If such Carriage

be used for the

Conveyance of

Persons, and

shall have cost

more than 121.

or not con-

stru^ accord-

ing to this A&,

See. it shall be

charged with

the Duty of 31.

10s. which the

Surveyors shall

certify to the

Commissioners.

No Carriage

with ltfs than

four Wheels

ufsd wholly

for Husbandry,

or carrying

Goods, shall

be liable to

Duty for Persons

riding with their

Loads, or to

Church, or to

£lc£lions.

Duty hereby

granted to be

liableto 101.

per Cent, im-

port d by

31 Geo. III.

Cap. j.

Horses drawing

such Carts not

liable to Duty.

32 Geo. Ilf.

Cap. 43, recited.

If the Average

Price of Mufco-

vado Sugar shall,

at certain Pe-

riods, not ex-

ceed a certain

Price, tlieDraw-

hack to be al-

lowed.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

any of the Particulars above mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall have or keep any Carriage with

less than four Wheels, and shall at any Time use the fame for the Carriage or Conveyance of any Person

or Persons, and such Carriage shall in respeef of the first Pi ice thereof, or for any subsequent Addition or

Alteration, (Repairs excepted,) have been charged or valued, (the Proof of which Price shall lie on the

Own^r or Owners of such Carriage,) at any Sum exceeding twelve Pounds Sterling, or shall be built orcon-

structed in any Refpedf contrary to the Provisions herein-before mentioned, or shall not be so marked as afore-

said, or if such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse, upon Demand being made, to produce such Car-

riage so marked to the Assessor or Afteflors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspection or Inspectprs, of the said Rate

or Duty, or to the Commissioners as aforesaid for the Examination of them, or any or either of them, every

such Person or Persons shall be liable to and shall be charged with the said Rate or Duty of three Pounds

and ten Shillings, in respectc of such Carriage, by virtue of the said recited Acts; and the said Surveyor or

Surveyors upon Notice thereof shall certify the fame in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to any

two or more of the Commifnoners for putting this Act into Execution, in order to have such Carriage

charged at the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings in the Assessment made or to be made for that Year ;

and any two or more of the said Commissioners shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be redtified or made

according to such Certificate, and the said Rate and Duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who {hall keep any Car-

riage with less than four Wheels, which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Af-

fairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in thcCourfe of Trade, shall in respect thereof be charge-

able with the said Duty by this Act imposed, or with the Duties imposed by the herein-before recited Adk

of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, by Reason of any Person or Persons riding thereon

cr therein when returning from or going to any Place, to or from which any Load shall have been or shall

be to be carried in such Carriage in the Course of Husbandry, or for the Purpose of Trade, as aforesaid, or

for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to and from Divine Service on Sundays, or for carrying

Persons going to or returning from the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage

shall not have been used for any other Purpose of riding thereon or therein save as aforesaid.

* 4* * % v - *■'. r . . - , - T* - r , m k «*.*#*

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty of ten Shillings hereby granted

on Carriages with lets than four Wheels, shall be moreover subjedfc and liable to the additional Duty of ten

Pounds per Centum on the gross Amount thereof, granted by an Adf, made in the thirty-first Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AQfor granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties

under the Management of the CammijJioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned; and that such addi-

tional Duty often Pounds per Centum shall be raised, levied, cohered, and paid in the same Manner, and

under the same Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways, Aleans, and Methods, as the said

additional Duty is, by the said Act of the thirty-first: Year of his present Majesty aforesaid, directed to be

collected and paid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Horse drawing any Cart herein-before described,

on which the said Duty of ten Shillings is hereby imposed, shall not be subjedi or liable to any Duty what-

ever on Account of drawing any such Cart. f. , ,; .. '

CAP. CX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Pay-

ment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar \ and for permitting the Importation of

Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and for reducing

the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than Britishj Ships.

Si . . [26th June 1795. J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-second*Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, ou the Exportation of

4 Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in

4 Foreign Ships \ certain Restrictions are provided respecting the Allowance and Payment of Drawbacks oa

the Exportation of Raw Sugar, and of Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from Great

4 Britain: And whereas it is expedient that, in consequence of the present War with France, Pro-

4 visions should be made respecting the Periods at which the Average Prices of the Sugar shall be

4 taken, and also the Prices which shall regulate the Allowance and Payment of the Drawbacks

and Bounties on the Exportation of Raw and Refined SugarsMay it therefore please your Majesty

that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, y by and with th^

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia^

Tnent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, T hat if on the twenty-third Day of Augufty and the

twenty-third Day of October, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in the fame Man^

ner, on the twenty-third Day of February, the twenty-third Day of August, and the twenty-third Day of

Qttoher, in each and every Year, during the Continuance of the present War, the Average Price of Browr*

or Mufew ado Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said recited Act for the six Weeks preceding, fha|\

5 not

