A.. D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 97—too.

robe entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for such Person or Persons respectively,

and (itch Proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the Defendant or Defendants, in such Indictment or In-

formation, had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty, according to the usual Course of the said Court; and

that, if upon the 1 rial of such Indictment or Information, the Defendant or Defendants, so committed and

detained as aforesaid, shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon him, her, or them, it shall

be lawful for the Judge before whom such I rial shall be had, although he may not be one of the Judges

of the said Court of king’s Bench, to order that such Defendant or Defendants shall be forthwith dif-

charged out of Custody, as to his, her, or their Commitment, by virtue of the said recited A6^; and such

Defendantor Defendants shall be thereupon discharged accordingly j any Thing in the said recited Act to

the contrary notwithstanding. 1 ~ ‘

CAP. XCVII. '

An Act to declare that Hides and Skins tanned by a new Method shall be deemed

Tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of

Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain.—[i id June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late MajestyQueen Anne, for

laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed; for better avoiding all

4 Doubts and Controversies concerning the several Kinds of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and

4 Skins, chargeable by that Act, it was declared and enacted, that by Tanned Hides or Skins, or by Tanned

4 Pieces of Hides or Skins, were meant only such as were tanned in Wooze made of the Bark of Trees or

4 Shomack, or whereof the principal Ingredients should be such Bark or Shomack: And whereas, by an

4 Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year ol the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An At7 for allowing

the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of tanning Hides and Skins, the tanning of Hides and Skins by

4 a Method and with the Materials or Things described or ascertained in a certain Instrument, in Writing,

4 mentioned in the said Act, is authorized and permitted, and it is therefore expedient to declare and enadt,

that Hides and Skins tanned by such Method, or by any other Method or Process, or with any Materials

4 or Ingredients whatsoever, shall be deemed and taken to be such Hides and Skins as are herein-after men-

4 tioned :* Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Hides and Skins, and Pieces

of Hides and Skins, which shall be tanned by the said Method, and with the Materials or Things described

or ascertained in the said Instrument mentioned in the said last recited Act, or by any other Method or Pro-

cess, or with any Materials or Ingredients whatever, shall be deemed and taken to be Tanned Hides and

Skins, or Tanned Pieces of Hides and Skins, within the Meaning of the said Act made in the ninth Year

of the Reign aforesaid, and of the several other Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of

this Act, relating to the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain j any Thing in any Act now

in force contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVIII.

at m 41 m % i*^*"*« 1 ¥

AjU Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the

Hy} Judin Company before the first Day of April one thousand leven hundred and ninety-five.

v: [zzd June 1795.]

I

44 China Ware imported by the Lafl India Company before April i, 1795, if exported within five Vears,

44 entitled to Drawback.”

CAP. XCIX.

Act Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protefhmt Purchasers. —[z2d June 1795.]

44 Act 3 Geo. I- Cap. 18, recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, Iftc. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good

44 in Law, if inrolled before Sept. 1, 1795. This Act not to extend to Deeds,the Validity whereof has

44 been brought in Question before Jan. 1, 179$. Purchafcs made not to be avoided, on Account of the

44 Title-deeds not having been inrolled, iffe. I his Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Pre-

sentation to any Benehce, in Trust for any Papist.

- cap, c/

# ,

An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax

Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in

Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.—[22d June 1795.]

4 IX7HEREASby an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William

4 W and Queen Marx, (intituled, An Afil for the difeour aging the Importation of Thrown S/lky) amongst

4 other Things in the said Act contained, the bringing in of Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of

4 Italy, is prohibited, unless imported in such Ships or Vessels, and navigated in such Manner, as in and by

A a 2 4 an

£79

which may ac-

cordingly be

done $ and if

on Ttial the

Defendant shall

be acquitted,

the. Judge may

order hi» Dif-

charge.

9 Anne, Cap.

XI.

34.Geo.JII.-

Cap. 63.

Hides and Skint

tanned by any

Method what-

ever, to be

deemed within

the Meaning of

the Acts re-

lating to the

Duties on Hide*

and Skins.

2 Gul. & Mar,

Cap. 9.

