786 C.56, 57. Anno triceflmo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

licence* ap-

pointing Sti-

pendiary Cu-

rates, in which

the Amount of

the Stipend is

inserted, to be

exempted from

the Stamp Duty

of 15s. under*

37 Ceo. 3. c. yo.

35G^0. 3. c. 9a.

excited j

amd Premiums

granted to 26

Ships.

Premiums and

Conditions for

i2 Ships.

Premiums and

Conditions for

four olherS hips.

CAP. -LVI. t (i

An Act for repealing so much of an Aftf made in the last Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters

therein mentionedand for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by So-

licitors, Attornies, and others praRifing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain ; as

imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of

Curate in any Church or Chapel.—[21ft June 1798.]

4 \ T 7 HERE AS by an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh'Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Sum

4 VV of fifteen Shillings was imposed upon any Licence that should pal's the Seal of any Archbishopor

4 Bilhop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or any Lcclefiastical Court: And wnercas the said Duty has

4 been found inconvenient and burthensome to Stipendiary Curates appointed by Licence to perform the

4 Office of Curate in any Church or ChapelBe it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every such Li-

cence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual Amount of the Stipend shall be inserted, that

shall pais the Seal of any Arcphbilhop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court,

shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, freed and exempted from the said before-recited Stamp Duty,

and all other Stamp Duties whatsoever ; and such Licences shall and may be available, and be given in Kvi-

deuce, in any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever *, and every fuen Licence al-

ready granted since the passing of the above-recited Act, shall be available in like Manner, notwith (landing

that the Stamp Duty may not have been paid as imposed by the said Act. y

§1. Licence* already granted available although the Stamp Duty may not have teen paid.

I

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.—[21ft June 1798.]

€ TT WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s European Subjects in

VV the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Strei^his^ for the Purpose of taking

4 Whales, and other Creatures being in those Seas, by continuing certain Premiums granted by an Act,

4 passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encoura?-

4 inz and regulating the Southern IVhale Fisheries ^ and bellowing them in a different Manner:* Be it enacted

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

the several Premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed to twenty-six Ships or Vessels em-

ployed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations, Restrictions, and Regulations, expressed in the said Act,

and in this Act. >

II. And be it further enacted, That for twelve of such Ships or Vessels which {hall be so fitted and cleared

out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, and between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December in each of the

two succeeding Years, and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator and there carry on the Fishery, and

shall return before the first Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, tofome

Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred Pounds to each of the four Lien Ships

which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of

Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in each of such Ships or

Vessels, and being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas,

taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively ; and there shall be paid and allowed

two hundred Pounds to each of the four such Ships or Vessels which shall, in like Manner, fail and first ar-

rive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole

than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other

Creatures being in thdfe Seas, so taken as aforesaid ; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred Pounds

to each of the four such Ships or Vessels, and which shall, in like Manner, fail and first arrive with the next

greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty

Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of anyWhaleor Whales, or other Creatures being

in those Seas, so taken as aforesaid.^

III. And be it further enacted, That for four other of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted or clear-

out, and shall fail within the Times hereinbefore mentioned, and proceed to the Southward of the thirty-

sixth Degree of South Latitude, and shall there bond fide carry on the said Fishery, 'and shall not return till

after the Expiration of fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the

thirty-

