A.D. 179$.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 60.

^ ^ v

on such of the said Days as shall fall within the Period agreed upon for such Transfer: Provided also, That

any Person so contracting as aforesaid, may transfer the whole Stock so agreed to be transferred as the Con-

federation for such Contract, or any Part thereof, in advance, to the Comtoiflioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt; and that from and after the Transfer of any Stuck in advance, no Interest on Account of

such Stock so transferred in advance shall be paid, as hereinafter is directed : Provided always, That if the

Whole of the Stock so agreed to be transferred shall not be transferred at one Time, but by Instalinents,

and if a Division of the entire Quantity of Stock into equal Sums, to be paid determined by such Irftalments, would

cccasion a Fra&ion, less than the Fraction of one Penny, the fractional Part or Parts less than one Penny,

needfary to such equal Division, shall be taken from the prior Instalment and added to the last Instalment, so

as to avoid any FraCtion less than a Penny*

1

ir1

m

1

F

4J1 |JU11U1WU Ul x ' yji & Jvl vVJiLdlilv. 1 i 18 ^ WUV.IWOII cl 11 y JL^ciiVJ 1 u A

hereby made faleab?e shall be charged, to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any

Part thereof, notwithstanding any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statutes or Acts of Parliament to the

contrary ; and it shall be also lawiul for all Committees and Curators of Lunatics or of Idiots, and for all

Tutors and Guardians of Infants, and for all Persons having Authority to aCt for Infants, married Women,

and other Persons incapable of aCting (or themselves, to contract and agree on Behalf of such Lunatics,

Idiots, Infants, married Women, and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, for the Redemption

of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, iVlefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wherein

such Lunatics, Idiots, Infants, married Women, or other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, shall be

interested, or any Part thereof, in the same Manner as such Persons might have done if not under any inca-

acity ; and it shall also be lawful for all Trustees to contract and agree in< like Manner,on Behalf of the

_ erfons for whom they shall be Trustees, for the Purchase of any Land Tax charged on any Manors, M<jf-

fuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which they shall be Trustees.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politic and Corporate,

and Companies, and Persons before oeferihed, and all other Persons having any Estate or Interest in, or being

substitute Heirs of Entail entitled in their Order to succeed to any Manors, Mefi’uages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Fax hereby madefaleable shall be charged, (except Fen ants at Rack

Relit for any 'Form of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and except T enants holding under the

Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lan-

cafler, or under the Duke of Cornwall any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of

•Cornwall, for Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will,) to contract and agree with the said Commissioners

specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough,

Cinque Port, T own, or Place, where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

are htuate, for the Redemption of the said Land Tax charged thereon, or any Part thereof, upon the Terms

and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned, and that such Bodies Politic and

Corporate, Companies, and Persons having such Estate or Interest as aforesaid, shall be entitled so to con-

trad, in preference to all other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Persons whatsoever, provided they shall

contract on or before the twenty-hfth Day oi Marchy which will be in the Year one thousand seven hundred

.and ninety-nine.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all fitch Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Com-

panies, and all Persons who shall beintheadual Possession of or immediately entitled to the Rents and Pro-

fits of any such Manors, Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, whereon any Land

Tax hereby made saleable shall oe charged, (other than and except Tenants at Rack Relit for any Terms

cf Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and except Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or

Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Duke

of Cornwall any Lands or Tenements belonging to and parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, for any Tfcrm of

Years or from Year to Year, or at Will,) and such Committees, Curators, 'Tutors, Guardians, or

Trustees as aforesaid, on the Behalf of the Persons to whom they are such Committees, Curators, T utors. Guard-

ians or Trustees, shall be preferred in the Purchase of such Land 'Fax, or any Part thereof, to any Bodies,

Corporations, or Companies, or Persons having any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedi-

ency, or being substitute Heirs of Entail, in the fame Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments : Provided such Bodies Corporate, or Companies, and Persons so to be preferred, shall offer to

contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight; and in case no Contract! shall be entered into, by or in the Behalf of the

Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or Persons so in Possession, or immediately entitled as aforesaid, for the

Redemption of the said Land Tax, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, then the Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or the Person or Persons

having such Estates and Interestsin Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or the substitute Heirs of E11-

Xail called to succeed in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, T enements, or Hereditaments, or their re-

spedlive Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, shall be entitled to re-

10 deem

791

be transferred

at once, (when

no Inti rest shall

be payable ($r*

§ 91.) or by

(hotter lnft;.l-

ments, if f®

(lipulated.

Fiaflions less

than id. to be

avoided.

Corporations,

Trustees for

Charities, Arc.

Committees of

Lunatics,

Guardians and

privateTrustee*

(or incapaci-

tated Persons,

enabled to con-

tract for Re-

demption of the

Land l ax, on

their respeOivt

Trust Estates.

Such Corjx>ra-

t.ons and

Trustees, and

Persons in Pof-

Lflion or Re-

version, or hav-

ing any Interest

in the Land,

(except Te-

nants at Rack

Relit or Te-

nanuof Crown

Lands, &c.)

enabled to con-

trail, in Pre-

ference to all

others, till

March 2 c,

1799.

Corporations,

and Persons in

Possession, shall

be preferred to

those in Rcvcr-

fion, till Dec.

25,i79S, and

those in Revcf-

(ion shall be

preferred to all

having nolnte- -

red in the Land,

till March 25,

1799.

