A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 9*

27

they are hereby required, by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to certify the fame to

the tupcrimending Officer or Officers appointed for the District where such Port shall be situate; and every

such Instrument shall specify the Port where such Men were so raised, and the Names, Ages, Places of Birth,

or lawful Settlement, and Callings cf them'respectively, in such Manner as they shall respectively be described

in the Certificates of the Commissioners aforesaid, granted at the Time of inrolling such Men; and such

Officer or Officers shall, on Receipt thereof, forthwith cause the fame to be transmitted to the said Com-

missioners of the Admiralty, to be laid before his Majesty in Council.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners at every Port where

Men shall be raised in pursuance of this Act, shall cause to be entered an exact Copy of every Certificate

granted by them respectively on the Inrolment of such Men as shall have been raised, with the respective

Numbers thereof, as by this. Act directed, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose ; and shall, when thereunto

required by the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, cause to be made out and

delivered a true and exact Copy thereof, dating the Number of every such Certificate; ^nd such Collector

or other principal Officer shall forthwith, or within one Month at the farthed, transmit the fame to the Com-

inifiioners of his Majesty’s Cudoms in London and Edinburgh, under whom they respectively act, or a true

and exact Copy thereof, dating the Number of every Certificate so granted ; and that if any such Officer

or Officers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be brought on

board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War in pursuance of this Act, shall be rated therein after passing a Muf-

ter on board the fame ; and that, after being so rated, every such Person shall be and is hereby declared to be

entitled to Wages from the Day of his Inrolment in his Majesty’s Service, as here in-be fore is directed ; and

shall also, over and above the Bounty Money agreed upon at the 1 ime of his Inrolment, be entitled to

such other Bounty, Emoluments, and Advantages, as any other Person voluntarily entering himself to lerve

cn board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War is by Law entitled unto.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel of War or other Vessel, of what-

ever Built the fame may be, or under whatever Description the fame may fall, being the Property of his

Majesty or the Royal Family, or any of them, or any Lighters, Barges, Boats, or Vessels, of any Built

or Description whatever, uled solely in Rivers, or Inland Navigation.

Port, the Comw

missioneri shall

certify the fame

to the luperin-

tending Officer,

who shall trans-

mit the Certifi-

cate to the Ad-

miralty.

Commissioners

to enter Certifi-

cates in a Book,

and to give a

Copy when re-

quired by the

principal Officer

of the Customs,

who shall tranl-

mit it to the

Commissioners

of the Customs,

on Penalty of

1001.

Persons after be-

ing mustered on

board, to be en-

titled to Wage*

frein Day of In-

rolment, and to

all Emoluments,

as other Volun-

teers.

Act not to ex-

tend to VtfTcls

of his Majesty or

the Royal Fa-

mily, or ufid

solely in Rivers

or Inland Navigation.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Charge or Fee whatever shall be

demanded, paid, or received, by any Person or Persons, by reason of or on the Removal of the Embargo

hid on any Ship or Vessel during the Continuance of this Act; any Usage or Custom to the contrary

not with (landing.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords Commissioners of the

Treasury for the Time being, arc hereby authorized to issue and cause to be advanced all such Sums of\

Money to such respective Commissioners, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said respective

Commissioners, or any five or more of them if in London, or three or more of them if in any other Port, shall

by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time desire, out of any Part of the Duties ofCustomsthenin

me Hands of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Cudoms, or otherwise out of the first Monies

which shall afterwards come to the Hands of such Collector or other principal Officer of the said Duties ;

which Sums so to be advanced shall he employed for the Payment of such Allowances, and in defraying such

ncctflary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, as the said Lords Commissioners of

his Majesty’si reafury shall direct or allow, and which Money (o to be advanced shall not be subjectto any

Tax, Duty, Rate, or Allcflrnent whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament, but that an Account of

the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within two Months after the

Expiration of the Commission, if Parliament shall be then fitting ; and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then

within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any of the said Commissioners named in this Act, or elected

Commissioners by virtue thereof, shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers hereof, or having begun

to suft shall decline to act any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Adl,

it shall and may be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them, acting as aforesaid at

or for any such Port, or constituting a Board of Commissioners at such Port, by and with the Consent and

Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the

Time being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners at

such Port for the Pui poles aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners lo refusing to act,

or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of

them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Cale shall hap-

pen ; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, wfith such Consent

and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before

provided and directed, shall be invested with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by

tniN Act unto the said Commissioners named or constituted by this Adl respectively.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That this Adl, or any

Thing nerein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent, on any future Occasion, to di-

■ . HEt Ea minish

No Fee to be

paid on Removal

of Embargo.

Treasury to I flue

Money to the

Commissioners

out of the Duties

of Customs for

Payment of

Charges, an Ac-

count of which

shall he bid be-

fore Parliament

within two

Months if Sit-

ting, and il not,

within 14 Days

afterCommence-

mentef the next

Session.

Majority of

Commissioners,

with the Appro-

bation of the

Treasury, to

cleft Successors

to Commission-

ers declining to

aft, or dying.

This Act not to

beaPreccdcntlor

dimmiftungthc

