xix

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 Geo. III.

132. An Act for making and repairing the Roads from the

Bridge of Dee Southward through the County of Kin-

cardine, to or near to the Town of Stonehaven, and from

thence by Inverbervie and by Laurence Kirk, to the lower

and upper Bridges over the River Northejk; and for mak-

ing elfedtual the Statute Labour in the said County, and

levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain

Cafes, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing,

High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Kincar-

dine*

133. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fix-

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-

pairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Warwick,

and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter, and also several

other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts re-

late to the said Road from Coventry to Warwick, and from

Coventry to Martyn* s Gutter.

134. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and

the twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as re-

spedlsthe Road from North §hteensjerry, in the County of

Fife, to the Town of Perth, and more effectually making,

repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the

Landing Places at the Qucensferry.

133. An Act to continue the 'I'erm and Powers of an Act

passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and

keeping in Repair, the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Port/-

mouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road,

near Roplcy, in the County of Southampton.

136. An Act for making and maintaining a convenient

Carriage Road from Wearmouth Bridge to 'Tyne Bridge,

with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South

Shields, all in the County of Durham.

137. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Colne to Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster.

138. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of tnrec several Acts, passed in the

twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His

• late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the fame Acts

relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through

Harwood, to the South-weft Corner of the Inclosures

of Harrowgate, in the West Riding of the County of

York. *

1J9* An Act for amending and rendering more effedlua

two Acts, made in the twenty ninth and thirty-thin

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

certain Roads in the County of Perth.

140. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of thre<

Acts passed in the thirteenth Year of King George th<

First, the seventeenth Year of King George the Second

and the seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies ii

the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road Iron

Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langlem

Broom to Dachet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.

*41. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in thi

fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing th<

Road from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton

to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick.

142. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road

from the Turnpike Road in Little Yarmouth to the'Turn-

pike Road at Bfythburgh, and also the Road from Brampton

to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk.

143. An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading

from Crofsford Bridge within Stratford, in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County Palatine

of Chrjler.

144. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the sixteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market

Cross in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge in

the Town of Blackburne, in the County Palatine of Lan-

caster.

145. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

teveral Acts, passed in the twenty- sixth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Roads from Hen/halPs Smithy

upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knuts-

ford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklovu

Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine

of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington

in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow ///7/aforc-

said to Penny's Lane near Northwich in the said County

of Chester.

146. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the several Roads

in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so

far as relates to the Road leading from a Place called

Streetway in the County of Stafford, through Wolver-

hampton to Wordjley Green Gate, and other Roads therein

mentioned.

147. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of His

present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening fe-

veral Roads leading to and from the T owns of Bala and

Dclgelly, in the County of Merioneth;, and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Den-

bigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in

the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

148. An Act for altering, widening, improving, and keep-

ing in repair, the Road leading from Macclesfield, by

Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the County Palatine of

Chester.

149. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in

the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place,

near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and thence to the

Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of

Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Win-

wick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post

in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for mak-

ing more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the

said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Gol-

bourne Dale to Winwick.

150. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for repairingand widening the several

Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, South-

Well, Normanton,tfW Winkbourne, in the County of Not-

tingham, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

; v • * M

