562

C. 73-

, ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III, A.D. 1797-

Colleger, Ac.

entitled to 25.

6d- on Delivery

of Lifts, which

may be inspect-

td on Payment

Of 15.

No Seaman en-

tering on Board

any Vessel in

the Weil Indies

which failed

from England

after July r,

1797, to be en-

titled to greater

Wages than herein authorized.

Wages of dead

Men to be paid

to tho Receiver

of the 6d. Duty

for Greenwich

Hospital, on

Penalty of 50I.

and Double the

Wages.

from such Ship or Ships, or who has or have died during the Voyage \ and also a true Account of the:

Wages due to each Seaman, Mariner, or other Person so dying, at the Time of his Death; and all and

every Master and Masters omitting, neglecting, or refusing so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of fifty Pounds ; and for which said Lift and Account so delivered, such Collector or Comptroller shall

be entitled to demand and receive, from the Person so delivering the fame, the l*ee of two Shillings and Six-

pence, and no more; and it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Matter and Matters of any

Ship or Ships, or other Person or Persons, to infpc£l such Lift and Lifts, from Time to l ime, as he

or they may think proper ; for which Inspection the said Collector or Comptroller shall be entitled to de-

mand and receive from the Person making the same, the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Seaman, Mariner, or other Person,.

who shall, at any Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, hire or

engage himself to serve, or who shall in the said Colonies or Plantations enter on Board any Merchant Ship

or Vessel which shall fail from Great Britain after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, shall be entitled to, nor shall he sue for, recover, or receive, any greater or more Wages or

Hire, or other Gratuity or Advantage whatsoever, on account of or for such his Service, than such. Wages

or Hire as hereinbefore authorized or directed to be paid or received.

Disposition of

such Wages if

not demanded

of the Receiver

in three Years.

Disposition of

Penalties.

the

mens

Recovery of

Penalties.

not to ex-

tend to Seamen

producing Cer-

tificates of Dif-

charge.

Marters to grant

such Certificates

on Penalty of

2d.

VII. And be it further ena£led, 7'hat all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due for

Wages to any Seaman, Mariner, or other Person hired or engaged on Board any British Merchant Ship

for any Voyage from any Port or Ports in Great Britain to any Port or Ports in the said Colonies or Plan-

tations, and who has or have died on Board during the Voyage, shall, within three Calendar Months after

the Arrival of such Merchant Ship in any Port or Ports in Great Britain, be paid to the Receiver of the

Sixpenny Duty for Greenwich Hospital for the Time being, to the Use of the Executor or Executors, Admi-

nistrator or Administrators, of the Seamen, Mariner, or other Person (o dying ; and if.any Matter of any

such Merchant Ship shall neglect or refuse to pay over, or tender to the said Receiver, all and every such Sunv

and Sums of Money within the Time hereinbefore limited, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence*

the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money so due to any Sea-

man, Mariner, or other Person, for Wages, as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such Suiti and Sums of Money which

shall not be lawfully demanded of the said Receiver within the Term of three Years after Payment thereof to

him in Manner aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall go and be paid to the Use of the Seamen's Hospital of

the Port to which such Ship belongs ; but in case there shall be no Seamen’s Hospital at the Port to which

such Ship belongs, then to and for the Use and Benefit of the old and disabled Seamen of the fame Port, and

their Families, to be distributed at the Discretion of the Magistrates for the County where such Port shall be

situate, or any two or more of them.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures given

Act shall be paid and applied in Manner following ; that is to say, one third Part thereof for and towards

Support of Greenwich Hospital; one other third Part thereof for and towards the Support of the Sea-

Hospital at the Port to which the Ship or Vessel in respectof which the Forfeiture shall arise belongs ;

but in case there shall be no Seamen’s Hospital at the Port to which such Ship or Vefiel belongs, then

to and for the Use and Benefit of the old and disabled Seamen of the fame Port and their Families, to be

distributed at the Discretion of the Persons having the Direction of the Merchants Seamen’s Fund at such

Port, or in case there shall be no such Establishment there, by the Magistrates or Overseer of the Poor

of such Port; and the other third Part thereof to and for the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for

the fame; and that such Penalty shall be recovered by Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster\ or such of them as do not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, upon Inform-

ation, on the Oath of one or more Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty’s Justice or Justices of

the Peace in any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, who shall not reside more than ten Miles from the

Place of Abode of the Person or Persons complained of, which Justice and Justices is and are hereby

authorized and required to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants, to bring before him or them every.

Person charged with any Offence under this Act; and in case he or they shall refuse or neglect to pay such

Penalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, to issue his or their Warrantor Warrants to levy the same by Distress

and Sale of the Offenders Goods, and in case no Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders

to the Common Gaol of the City, Town, or Place within the Jurisdiction of such respective Justice or

Justices, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until he or they shall pay the lame.

X. Provided neverthelefe, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Contract or Agreement which shall or may be made with any Seaman, Mariner, or other

Person hired or engaged to serve on Board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, at any Port or Place within his

Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, who shall, at the Time of such Hiring, or.Engagement*,

produce and deliver to the Matter and Commander of such Merchant Ship or Vefiel a Certificate, under the

Hand of the Master or Commander of the Ship or Vessel on Board of which such Seaman, Mariner, or

other Person had then last served, signed in the Presence of one or more Witness or Witnesses, dating their

usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby declaring or certifying that such Seaman, Mariner, or other Person,

had been duly discharged from the Ship or Vessel on Board of which he had so last served ; and which Certi-

ficate the said Master or Commander shall grant within three Days next after Application made to him bjr

