A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 36—39.

such Day had not been a Market Day; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof not-

withstanding. 1 -

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in re-

cruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of

their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are herein-before provided in re-

gard to Troops upon the March j but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the

Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate herein-

before prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered : Provided also neverthe-

less, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Sta-

tien, and after a l ime shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so returning,

shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such two Days as aforesaid, unless the

Period between the Time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded

twenty-eight Days. ,

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the twenty-fourth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven. '

CAP. XXXVII. I

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Ati for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands ad-

jacent.—[7th March 1796.]

“ 33 Geo. 3. Cap. 76. recited and continued till June to, 1797, and to the End of the then next Session of

41 Parliament.” \

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for -rendering effectual an Act of the thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Re-

lief and Employment of the Poor of the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the Places united therewith^ in

the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.—[7th March 1796.J

CAP. XXXIX.

M 1 W* ♦ I ^ w 7 ' t -' f *

*v. p x ‘ . r ' r. •

An Act to amend an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better Preservaiion of the Game in that Part of Great Britain

called England.—[24th March 1796.] . -

4 \ T 7 HERE AS an Act was passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

4 V V Att for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part 0/ Great Britain called England, whereby

4 it is among other Things enabled. That no Person or Persons, after the first Day of June one thousand

4 seven hundred and sixty-two, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or

4 have in his, her, or their Possession or Use, any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the

4 first Day of September in any Year, under the Penalty by the said Abl laid and imposed; And whereas

4 the searching for, taking, and killing of Partridges so early in the Year as the first Day of September, has

4 been found very prejudicial to the Corn then growing or uncut, Or cut and not carried : May it therefore

4 please your Majesty that it may be enabled p and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, so

much of the said Act as relates to the taking, killing, destroying, using» or having, any Partridge before the

first Day of September in any Year, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, on

any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, (ell, buy, or have in his, her, or their Possession or

Ule, any Partridge between the twelfth Day of February and the fourteenth Day of September in any Year;

and if any Person or Persons shall transgrcfs this Act in the Cafe aforesaid, every such Person shall be

liable to the fame Penalty as by the said Act is laid and imposed on any Person or Persons transgressing the

i-me ; such Penalty to be imposed, inflidlcd,-recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the fame Man-

ner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as in and by the said Act is pro-

dded anddircbled, with respect to the Penalty thereby imposed on Persons transgressing the said Act.

36 Geo. III.

P

CAP.

287

Regulations re-

(pelting Re-

cruiting Parties

and Recruits on

their March,

Continu nee of

A&.

2 Geo. III.

Cap. 19 recited,

and so much as

relates to killing

Partridges be-

fore Sept. 1$

repealed.

No Partridge to

be kil.,

between Feb.

tsand Sept. 14.

