A.D. 1797.

tricesimo sept

C. 31

35

525

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act

Public Act *, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

15 Geo. ITT.

Cap. 51.

17 Geo. lir.

Cap. 30. re*

cited: and fuf-

pended, so far

as they reiate

to making void

Notes under 5I.

payable on Dc.

mand to Bearer*

till May 1,1797:

[by Cap. 61.

till gfuly 8: and

by Cap. 120. till

c a p. xxxir. . - ;■:

An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and

seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reflra'vning the Negotiation of

Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of

Great Britain called England.—[loth March 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Ex-

‘ change, under a limited Sum, within that Part s/*Great Britain called England :*And whereas another Act

4 was passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further re-

4 framing the Negotiation cf Promissory Notesy and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that

4 Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it is expedient, that the said Acts should be suspended

4 for a certain Time, so far as the fame may relate to any Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings, made pay-

4 able on DemandBe it therefore enacted'by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the making void of Pro-

miflory Notes, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any

Sum of Money less than the Sum of five Pounds in the Whole; and also to restrain the publishing or utter-

ing and negotiating of any such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings as aforesaid, shall, from and after the

second Day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the fame is hereby declared to jfxTretks after

be, to all Intents and Purposes, suspended until the first Day of May next. commencement of the ensuing Session. J

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act maybeal-

Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. tered or repealed this Session. Sec Cap. 6r, j*o.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person liable to the Payment of any

of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, as may be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall neglect

or fail to make full Payment in Money of the Sum or Sums for which such Notes, Draughts, or Under-

takings in Writing, shall be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof as shall be or remain due thereon

respectively, by the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by the Holder or Holders of such Notes,

Draughts or Undertakings in Writing, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Division, or Place, where the Person or Persons rc-

foeclively so refusing to pay any of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, as la(l aforesaid,

shall or may happen to be or reside, and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required, upon Complaint

made by the Holder or Holders thereof, to summon the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall

be made, and after his, her, or their Appearance, or in Default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath, (and

which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to administer,) of such Summons or

Warning having been given, such Justice or Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint,

and award such Sum to be paid by the Person or Persons. respectively liable to the Payment of every such

Note, Draught, or Undertaking in Writing, to the Holder or Holders thereof, as shall appear to such Justice

or Justices to be due thereon, together whh such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shil-

lings, as to such Justice or Justices shall leem meet; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to

pay or satisfy such Sum of Money as upon such Complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged, upon the fame be-

ing demanded, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

Seals, cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party so neglecting or refilling as

aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if

any, to the Owner. -

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. -fSre port. Cap.

LH < fc [ roth March 1797-J 4T, J

CAP. XXXIV. '

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.—[24th March 1757.]

%

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for appointing Com misti owners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Set vice of

the 1 ear one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fveru—[24th March 1797. J

If Notes are

not paid with*

in three Days

after Demand,

a Jurtice may

order Payment

with Costs;

and on Neglotf

may cause the

fame to be le-

vied by Distref

(Extended to

Ji-vtn Days,

Cap. 61.J

0

9

CAP.

