240

60.000 1. and

• 13,0001.

Interest to be

paid Half-year-

ly, and Surplus

of the Fund to

be applied in

Discharge of the

Principal.

On the Demise

of the Crown in

the Prince’s

Life, the

60.000 1. to be

charged on the

Hereditary Re-

venue of the

Crown.

If the Prince

should die before

the Debts are

paid, the

6o,oco 1. to be

set apart from

the Consolidated

Fund till they

are discharged.

No Claims to be

received after

Sept. 1, 1795,

nor Security

granted, unless

Claims be made

before that Day,

and the Creditor

submits to be

examined.

Commissioners

may enlarge

Time for deli-

vering in Claims.

If Security be

- accepted, the

Debt to merge

therein.

Creditors to de-

clare on Oath

the Nature of

former Securi-

ties, and deliver

them up, unless

it appears they

cannot be; in

which Cafe they

shall be held in

Trust for the

Prince.

The Payment of

Debts, where

Securities are

not given up,

may be post-

poned.

Treasury may

- order 500 L to

be issued an-

nually, for de-

fraying the Ex-

pcnces of exe-

C. 1 29.

Anno tricesimo quinto G eorgii III, A.D. 1795.

be paid as aforesaid : and the said Monies severally arifingas aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared and

established to be Funds for those respective Purposes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Half Year the said Commissioners shall pay

and satisfy all the Interest then due on the said Securities to be granted by the said Corpmissioners as afore-

said ; and the Remainder of the said Annual Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, and of the said Sum of thirteen

thousand Pounds, or such Sum as shall be paid to the said Corn mi (boners by the Receiver General to whom

the Receipt of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall {hall belong, out of the Revenues of the said Duchy,

shall go and be by them applied towards satisfying and discharging the principal Debt due on the said Secu-

rities, and remaining unsatisfied, in such Manner and at such 'Timesas they shall diredh

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in the Event of the Demise of the Crown during the Life-

time of his Royal Highness, the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds shall from thenceforth, during the Life of

his Royal Highness, or until the said Debts, or such Part of them as dial) remain due, shall be discharged, be

charged upon, and the fame are hereby accordingly charged upon, the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown

during the Life of his said Royal Highness, and shall not from thenceforth be paid out of the Consolidated

Fund, but shall be issued and paid out of the said Hereditary Revenues, in like Manner, and for the like

Purposes, and at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the fame are herein-before directed to be issuing

and paid out of the Consolidated F und.

X VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Decease of his said Royal High-

nefs before the Payment and Discharge of all the Debts of his said Royal Highness, which the said Commis-

sioners are authorized to adjust and settle by virtue of this Act, and of all Interest that may grow due on any

Securities to be granted by the said Commissioners, the said Annual Sum of sixty thousand Pounds shall

continue to be set apart out df the said Consolidated Fund, and shall be issued to the said Commissioneis

Quarterly, in even Portions, and by them applied to the Diminution of the said Principal Debts, and In-

tcreft thereupon, until all such Debts and Interest be finally satisfied and discharged.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim or Demand of any Creditor or Creditors of his said

Royal Highness shall be received by the said Commissioners afterthe first Day of September one thousand fe-

ven hundred and ninety-five ; nor shall any Security, by way of Debenture as aforesaid, be granted by the

said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, to any Creditor or Creditors of his said Royal Highness, on Ac-

count of any Debt; nor shall any Creditor be entitled to any Part or Share of the F unds hereby established

for Payment of the said Debts of his said Royal Highness, or either of them, unless a Claim shall be made by

such Creditor or Creditors, and an Account in Writing of such Debt be delivered to the said Commissioners,

on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and unless such

Creditor or Creditors shall submit to be examined touching the said Debt or Debts as is herein-before di-

rc£led, if the Commissioners shall fee Cause to require him or them so to be; Provided always, that the said

Commissioners shall have Power to enlarge the Time for delivering in such Claims and Accounts, if they fee

reasonable Cause for so doing.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Security shall be granted by the said Commissioners, on

Account of any Debt or Debts due from his said Royal Highness, as principal Debtor to any Creditor or

Creditors, and shall be accepted by such Creditor or Creditors, the said Debt or Debts shall be and is hereby

dedared to be utterly from thenceforth merged therein, and shall not, on any Pretence whatever, be set up

against his said Royal Highness, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may be joined with him as

Security for the fame ; but that his said Royal Highness, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and

every Person or Persons who shall or may be Security for the fame, and his and their Lands, Tenements,

Goods, and Chattels, shall from thenceforth be wholly exonerated and discharged therefrom, and from all

Securities whatever which shall have been given or entered into on Account of his said Royal Highness.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Creditor or Creditors shall be entitled

to any Security by way of Debenture, to be granted by the said Commissioners by virtue of this in

Satisfaction of any Debt or Debts, the said Creditor or Creditors shall be required to declare, on his or her

Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, the Nature and Kind of the former

Securities (if any) which he, she, or they, or any others in Trust for him, her, or them, hold for the said

Debt or Debts; and every Security, of what Nature or Kind soever the fame shall be, shall and is hereby

required to be first delivered up to the said Commissioners, to be cancelled, unless it shall appear, to the Sa-

tisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the fame cannot be delivered up by such Creditor or Creditors;

and if any such Creditor or Creditors shall obtain from the said Commissioners any Security by virtue of

this ACt, on Account of any Debt or Debts, without delivering up all former Securities for the fame, or

any Part thereof, every such former Security shall, for the Purpose of securing such Debt or Debts to such

Creditor or Creditors, be of no Avail, but shall, to the Extent of the Interest of such Creditor or Creditors,

be held in Trust for his Royal Highness, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct ; and it shall

be lawful for the said Commissioners to dire£I the Payment of the Debt or Debts of any Creditor or Creditors

who shall not deliver up such former Security or Securities, to be postponed until all other Debts of his said

Royal Highness which shall be fully disclosed (and the Securities for which shall have been delivered to the

said Commissioners) shall be paid oft'and satisfied, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall

deem reasonable and nccellary.

XXL And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the

Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, aretiereby directed and authorized to issue and cause to be issued

all such bum or Sums of Money, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall authorize to

receive the same, by any Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, not exceeding five

hundred Pounds in any one Year, out of any Part of the Public Money remaining in the Receipt of the

• Exchequer,

