12

C. 5. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. *795*^

Disqualified

Persons not to

be inrolled ;

tut no such

t\*rfon ifinrcll-

shall be dif-

charged, unltTf

Notice of his

Disqualification

be given to the

Officer before

his entering on

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

received or inrolled in his Majesty’s Service, by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Re-

gulating Officer or Officers, such an able-bodied Man as is tit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Rup-

tures, and every other Dittemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to per-

form his Duty in the Navy; or who, in the Opinion of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under

the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of forty-five Years; nor any Person being an articled Cleric*

or Apprentice, nor Persons serving under Articles in the Coal Trade, until the Expiration of the said Ar-

ticles (unless with the Consent of the Matter of such Clerk or Apprentice, or of the Matter of such other

Persons as aforesaid) ; nor any Person enlitted in any of his Majesty’s Forces, whether Military or Marine,

or who has defer ted therefrom, or who is already entered in his Majesty’s Navy; nor aity poor Man (not

being a Sea-faring Man) who has more than two Children born in YVedloclc: Provided, that no Person.

inrolled by virtue of this Act shall, by reason of any such Disqualification as aforesaid, be liable to be dis-

charged from his Majesty’s Service, or taken out of the fame, unless Notice in Writing of such Disqualifi-

cation shall be given to the Officer or Officers under whose Command such Person shall be, before the Time

of his entering on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War as a Sailor, and before the Bounty, hereby

authorized to be paid to Men raised by virtue of this Act, shall have been paid or satisfied to him; any Thing

before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

board, or receiving his Bounty.

Term for which

Persons inrolled

shall be liable to

serve.

Penalty for De-

fertion, lifting

in the Military

or Marine

Forces, striking

ordisobeying an

Officer, &c.

•onstables, Ac.

may cause fuf-

petted Deserters

to be appre-

hended, and if

Magistrates

find them to

have been in-

rolled they shall

commit them,

and transmit an

Account to the

Admiralty.

Gaolers to re-

ceive Subsist-

tnce of Desert-

ers, but no Fee.

Justices to order

aos. out of the

Land Tax Mo-

ney, to the Ap-

prehender of a

Deserter.

Penalty for con-

cealing Desert-

trt«

YYIV And be it further enaoled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person inrolled by virtue of

Peon's shall £rvc shall ta in any of the Ports of Gwi Britain, or otherwise for the Space of three Calendar

MXXV "Tndte' ftTu rth tt e n a£tccT b y the' A u c ho r?ty aforesaid,. That if any Person, being inrolled hr his-

XXV. And DC it Turuici ry. • A r> fu-11 desert such Service, or, being actually entered in such

Majesty’sNaval Serv^ce,J>y ny Comity,Trooper Regiment in his Majesty’s Military or Marine Forces*.

Service,shall lilt Discharee in Writing from the said Commissioners of the Admiralty, or such Of-

without first having a L) l 1 b horiied A them for that purpose, or (half strike or use any Violence

ficer or °ffi(cc)rJ aS ^Officers under whose Command he shall be put, (such Officer or Officers being in the

against any Officer or um difobev any lawful Command of such Officer or Officers, all and

Execution of his.an:h«r Duty J or Ihaiuuo*y any i aforesaid, shall suffer Death,

P.,10,.r.tofobar,afg?BS, »dM,»«P«jon.,bang:.ppre.r

! Custody for such Offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of h.s Majesty s Ships ot

hended or mCuiway ports of thj$ Kingdom, and there detained and tried for such Offence, it*

fochrManneTTnd byVuch Court, as if such Offence had been committed on board, or from on board such

Sh'^ y vY2 a nd it is hereby further enatled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Head-

XX\1. Alls,!l-' _hMarX0f the Town or Place where any Person inrolled by virtue o( this A&, who may-

borough, or r^ng M Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended,

be realonably liifpeUed to before any Tuftice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place,

and to caulc tuch 1 crion = , examine such Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony

who is hereby . Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it (hill

of one or more Wttnefs w W,nell« inr’Ued in his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act*

fPeh‘YufticeeXe Peai shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where

such J-uttiee or the i cac Corredion, or other public Prison, in such Town or Place where such

n XrYhaX apprehended, or to The Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities

Defetter shall te appr » adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Ad-

o( London oxlveftmij , J person may be proceeded against according to Law ; and tha

miralty for the Time being, » receive the full Sublistence of such Deserter

Keeper of such Gaol. for the Maintenance of such Deserter, bur shall not be

-j&t feeJoiof of »> <«o» Dofamt , », L.W, Uf.go, or

ClXXV l“ SXte & »«—of “» “• <* * “ po" f“? Dhf

ft further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Just.ce of the Peace shall also .(Tuc h.s

h,nd or cause o be apprehended any such Deserter from h.s Majesty’s Service, the Sum of twenty ShiU

hend or cauie to m any j apprehended and committed ; which Sum of twenty Shillings

BtefSd by such Colleaor or ColledorYto whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon

hiXXVHIAAndnte it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any Deserter

frrrm his Majesty’s said Naval Service, knowing him to be such, every such Person so offending shall for-

from his Alajeity s f fi Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more

m oi* or mote of to UW J*™ of

