796 C. 60. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

shall give ten

Days* Notice

thereof.

Tenants for

Lives or Years,

where a Fine

was paid, not to

fell without

Con fen t of the

Rcvcrlioner.

thereof, or some Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, and such Commissioners shall cause

Notice to be publiftied in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place,

where such Property intended to be sold shall be situate, of such Sale, at least ten Days before the fame

shall take place. . * >. •_«* '/

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

extend to enable any Tenant for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, or for Years absolute, though

not at Rack Relit, to fell any Part of the Tenement demised, in any Cafe of a Demi(e for which any Fine

or Premium was paid, without the Consent of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled

to the immediate Estate in Reversion upon such Demise.

Heirs of Entail

in Possession in

Scotland, their

Tutors, &c.

shall apply by

Petition to the

Court of Session,

in all Cafes of

intended Sales,

for the Purpose

ot‘redeeming the

Land Tax; the

said Court shall

proceed sum-

marily to autho*

rize such Sale,

and the Extract

of their Decree

shall authorize

tbeCommission-

ers to fell.

In Cafes ofbor.

rowing Money

by such Heir,&c.

in Scotland, and

granting herita-

ble Security for

the fame, like

Application to

be made to, and

Proceedings had

the Court of

Session.

Such Sales in

Scotland and he*

shall be valid to

all Intents ; but

the entailed Ef-

tate shall never

be adjudged for

Money lent on

interest.

Previous to any

Sale, Mortgage,

or Grant, under

this Act, a Sche-

dule shall be pro-

duced to the

Commissioners

by the Seller,Sec.

stating the Par-

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate

in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or where he or she is an Idiot or Lunatic, his or her Curator

or Curators, mean to fell Part of the said Estate to purchase the Land Tax of the Estate, in Terms of this

Act, it shall be competent and requiiite for him, her, or them, to apply by Petition to the Court of

Session, dating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the said Estate, what Part of the Estate it

is proposed to fell, and the Relit or annual Value of that Part of the Estate, and praying the Court, upon

the Allegations on these Points being proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, and it being shewn that the

Sale of the Parc of the Estate proposed to be sold will not materially injure the Residue of the Estate re-

maining unfold, and that the Part so proposed to be sold is proper (considering all Circumstances) to be

fold for the Purpose aforesaid, to authorize such Sale to proceed in Manner hereinafter enabled; and the

Judge* of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated upon

the Walls of the outer and inner House of the said Court in common Form, for ten Sederunt Days, which

Intimation shall be a valid and effectual Intimation and Service, to all Intents and Purposes, as much as

if the said Petitions had been personally intimated to or served upon all Persons having or pretending to

have any Interest with regard to the said Estate, as substitute Heirs of Entail, Creditors on the said Estate,

or in any other Way or Character whatever, and such Intimation being duly made, the Court shall proceed

summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Sale of that Part of the Estate which the Petitioner or

Petitioners are willing to fell, which the Court thinks ought to be sold for the Purpose above mentioned,

and against the Sale of which no sufficient Reason is stated by any Person having Interest; and the Extralfc

of the Decree of the Court authorizing the Sale, shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners ap-

pointed by this Act to carry on the Sale in the Manner hereinafter directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate

in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or wherejie or (he is an Idiot or Lunatic, his or her Curator

or Curators, mean to burthen the said Estate with a Sum of Money to be borrowed, to enable him, her,

or them, to purchase the Land Tax of the said Estate, it shall be competent and necessary for him, her, or

them, to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, dating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of

the Estate, the Sum proposed to be borrowed, and whether it is proposed to grant the heritable Security

over the Whole or Part of the Estate, and if over Part of the Estate what Part, and praying the Court to

authorize him, her, or them, to borrow such Sum as the Court shall think proper for the Purposes of this

Act, and to grant heritable Security in common Form for that Sum over the whole Estate, or Part thereof,

as the Cafe may be, and the Judges of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such

Petitions to be intimated in the same Manner as Petitions praying for Authority under this Act to fell

Part of entailed Estates are by this Act ordered to be intimated, and the Effect of such Intimation shall be

the fame in both Cafes ; and such Intimation being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the

Matter, and shall authorize the Petitioner or Petitioners to grant heritable Security over the Whole of the

entailed Estate, or Part thereof, provided no sufficient Reason is stated to the contrary by any Person

having Interest.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Part of an entailed Estate in Scotland is fold for

the Purposes of this Act in the Manner hereinbefore directed, and where any heritable Security is granted

upon any entailed Estate also in the Manner hereinbefore directed, such Sale and heritable Security shall be

as valid and effectual, to all Intents and PurposeSt as if the Estate, Part of which is so fold, or upon which

the heritable Security is granted, had been held by the Seller and Grantor of the heritable Security in Fee

Simple unfettered by any Entail; and the Person to whom such heritable Security is granted, his Heirs,

Executors, and Assignees, shall have and be entitled to use all the Powers, Remedies, and Means known

in Law, to recover either the Interest due upon the Money lent or the Principal Sum : Provided always.

That it shall not be. competent to adjudge all or any Part of the entailed Estate, either for the Interest or

Principal Sum of the Money so lent.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant as

aforesaid shall be made by virtue of this Act, the Person or Persons desirous of making the same shall pro-

duce to the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the County, Riding,

Stewartry, or Place, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, intended to

be fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situate, a Schedule, in Writing, declaring the Quantity or Duration

of the Estate or Estates which he, (he, or they shall have in the Manors, Meil'uages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, whereon the Land "Lax proposed to be redeemed shall be charged \ and if the lame dull

' 1 . not

