199

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 114.

Officer that he may weigh the fame, according to the Directions of this A&, every such Maker or Makers

of Glass shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such

Declaration as first aforesaid, shall, front Time to Time, and at all Times, keep all Common Glass Bottles,

and all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession,

(and which shall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act,)

separate and apart from all Common Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Met al,

which (h dl have been weighed, and from all other Glass Wares whatsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting for

every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker or Makers of Common

Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Decl iration

as first aforesaid, shall, for the annealing of any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of

Common Bottle Metal, make use of any private or concealed Annealing Arch, Oven, Utensil, or Place

whatever, other than his, her, or their known Annealing Arch or Arches entered for that Purpose, or if

any such Maker or-Makers shall fraudulently remove or convey away any Common Gldfs Bottles, or other

Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, before the fame shall have been weighed by the proper Oificer

or Officers of Excise, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or

Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, each and every such Maker and Makers so offending shall, for each

and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Common

Glass Bottles, or cf other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such Declaration

as first aforesaid, shall make or manufacture, within the same Glass House or Building, by him, her, or

them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Common Glass Bottles, or in any Glass House

or Building adjoining thereto, any Pnials, or any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares whatever,

except Common Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, which Vessels and

Utensils shall be such only as were, immediately before the passing of this Act, usually made of Common

Bottle Metal; and if any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils

of Common Bottle Metal, shall make or manufacture, within the same Glass House or Building, by him,

her, or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Common Glass Bottles, or in any

Glass House or Building adjoining thereto, any Pnials, or any other Sort or Species of Glass or Glass

Wares, except Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal as aforesaid, every

such Maker or Makers respectively shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lole the Sum of two

hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise

shall have caule to suspect, that any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common

Bottle Metal, which have been fraudulently removed or conveyed away before the fame shall have been

weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be de-

posited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places wiiatsoever, then and in such Cafe, if such

Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or IVcJbninfler, or within the Limits of the Chief

Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Cormnissioners of Ex-

cife in England for the Time being, or any two or more of them; or in case such Place shall be in any

other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or

Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divilion, or Place, where such Officer or Officers (lull suspect:

yfr | 4^ Ilf | % t 1 / # / / \ I I |

lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices

of the Peace respectively, (as the Cafe may require,) before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he

shall judge it reaibnable, by special Warrant or Warrants, under his and their respective Hands and Seals,

to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night-time in the

Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or

Places where he or they shall so suspect such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Com-

mon Bottle Metal, to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to (eize and carry away all such Common

CjLis Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, which he or they shall then and there

find so depofued, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let,

cbilrudl, or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Per-

rons acting in his or their Aid or Afiiftance, in the Execution of such Warrant, from entering any such

Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels

or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or car-

ry’.. ig away the fame, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person or Persons to offending,.

(hi.i for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Athority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct

or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excile in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him

or them given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Glass, the Person or

Peitons (ooftendn g therein shall, for each and every such Oflence, (other than those for which any Penalty

taicm-before specially imposed or provided,) severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXVI. Pro-

Bottles weighed

and not weighed

to be kept fe-

parate, on Pe-

nalty of 501.

Penalty of 5001,

for using private

Annealing

Arches, or re-

moving Bottles

not weighed,

or concealing

them.

No Phials, &c.

to be made in

any Building

entered for

making Com-

mon Glass

Bottles, or in

any adjoining

Bu»lding, on

Penal y of 2001.

On Oath of

Ground of Suf-

picion that any

Bottles have

been removed

before being

weighed. Offi-

cers may by.

Warrant search

suspected

Places, and

seize the Bottles,

Arc*

and Persons

obstructing

them to forfeit

200I.

Penalty of 2001.

on Persons ob-

struling Offi-

cers in any Part

of their Duty.

