jio

General Ifluc;

Treble Costa.

The Person* inverted with the

Authority of borrowing Money

for di (charging Debts incur-

red by building or repairing

Churches, Gaols, &c. may pro-

long the Time for Payment,

not exceeding three Years be-

yond the subsisting Term, with

the Consent of the Creditors.

A & may be altered, or repealed

this Session.

C. 16.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter

in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue

his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (lull have appeared, or if upon

Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defend-

ants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in any

other Cafes to recover Cods by Law. t .

CVI.4 And whereasmany Counties, Cities, Towns, and other Places, are burthened with Rates for

« the Purpose of discharging the Debts incurred by the building or repairing of Churches, Gaols, Houses

x of Correction, Poor Houses, and other Works of a public Nature, which Debts are required by

« divers Acts of Parliament to be wholly discharged within certain limited Times: And whereas it

would tend to facilitate the Collection of the Tax imposed by this A£J, and would be a reasonable

‘ Relief to the Persons liable to the said Rates, if such Times were permitted to be prolonged without

4 Prejudice to any Creditors Be it therefore enacted, That in all the several Cafes aforesaid, it

shall be lawful for the Magidrates or other Persons inveded with the Authority of borrowing Money,

and imposing Rates for the Purposes aforesaid, to prolong the Time for completing the Dischargeof

the Monies borrowed or otherwise due, for any Term not exceeding three Years beyond the now

substding Term: Provided always, that such Order be made with the Consent in Writing of the

respective Creditors, or of so many of them as shall be affected thereby.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, orre-

nealtd hv any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

1

5k II,

The /SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

RULES for estimating the Income of Persons appealing against any Assessment to be made

under the Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

ift T7REEHOLD,

CASE. J/ Cudomary,

or Copyhold Land, usually

in the Occupation of the

Owners.

THE Cafes of Appellants deriving their Income, or any Part thereof, from or out of Land:

In such Cafe the Income of the Owner shall be taken at the true annual

Value, according to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, but in no Cafelels

than the Relit of one Year and the Half of a Year, at which Lands of the like

Quality and Quantity are worth to be let by the Year in that Neighbourhood,

and according as the fame may be subject to, or free from Tythe, or according

to the Rale of Composition or Modus payable for the fame, after deducing

such Payments as the fame may be subject to, and which are allowed to be dc-

ducted by these Rules from Income arising out of Land.

In the Cafe of Lands de mi fed at Rack Relit* the Income of the Owner shall

be taken at the full Amount of the Relit reserved for one Year, after deducting

as aforesaid. - J J V

In the Cafe of Lands demised in Consideration of a Fine paid, and a Relit

reserved, the said Income shall be taken at the Amount of the fa?d Relit for one

Year, and of such further Sum in respect of the Fine, as in the Judgment of

the Owner will amount to a Sum equal to the Receipts of one Year, on a fair

Average. . ^ . L i’ -W

In the Cafe of Lands demised in Consideration of a Fine only, the like Ave-

rage as aforesaid shall be taken.

Casual and uncertain Profits arising out of Lands shall be estimated according

to the best of the Owner’s Judgment and Belief, on the Amount of a Sum equal

to the Receipts of one Year, on a fair Average.

2d CASE.—Assessment

©n the Owner of Lands

demised to a Tenant.

3d CASE.—Afteflment

on the Owners of Lands

in respect of uncertain

Profits.

4th CASE.—By the

Tenant of Lands demised.

5th CASE.—Lefties in

Consideration of Fines.

In the Cafe of a Demise at Rack Relit, the Income of the Occupier of Lands

under the Relit of one hundred Pounds per Annum, shall be taken at notlefs than

Three-fourths of such Relit for one Year.

If of one hundred Pounds per Annum, or upwards, then at not less than the

full Amount of such Relit for one Year.

In the Cafe of Lessees of Lands in Consideration of Fines, whether with or

without a Renueferved, the Incouve of the Lessee shall be taken at not less than

1 1 I

