A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 13.

265

For such To-

bacco in Ware-

hotTe, on Dec.

7, 1795, and

deli\t;

for Home Cor.fumption, $d. per 1U.

For such Snuff

not warehoused

before Dec. 7,

a 79 5, i s. per lb.

For such Snuff

in Warehouse

on Dec. 7,1795,

m Delivery

or

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, as last aforesaid, which, on the said seventh Day of De-

cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the fame had been de-

puted, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath

been or {hall be delivered out cf such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, four

Pence; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand:

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants For Snuffim-

trading to the East Indies, on or after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and P°JC<1 l*ie

ninety-five, or to be imported into Great Britain by the said United Company, one Shilling: Company! on

r ' or after Dec. 7,1795, is. per lb.

For every Pound Weight of the like SnulF, imported into Great Britain before the said seventh Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been deposited,

lodged, and secured before the said seventh Day of December one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, in

any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, which, on the said seventh Day o{ December one thousand

{even hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the fame had been deposited, lodged, and

secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath been or {hall be de-

livered out of such Warehouse, one Shilling; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand: thereout, is. per lb.

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, For Snuff im-

from the Spanish West Indies, on or after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred Al^r-Ca

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, as last aforesaid, imported into Great Britain before the said For such Snuff

seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which {hall not actually have been

deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said seventh Day ot December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions ol the said Acts, or either of them, six Pence:

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, as last aforesaid, which, on the said seventh Day of December

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the fame had been deposited,

lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, and which hath been or

shall be delivered out of such Warehouse, six Pence; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other Place, on or after the said For Snuff im-

seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported into Great Britain

from any other Place, seven Pence: orafter Dec. " ? “"”b.

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, as last aforesaid, imported into Great Britain before the said

seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have been

deposited, lodged, arid secured, before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said Acts, or either of them, feveu Pence:

For every Pound Weight of the like Snuff, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand fe-

ven hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the fame had been deposited, lodged, and fe-

cured, according to the Directions of the said ACts, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be deli-

vered out of such Warehouse, seven Pence; to be paid by the Importer upon Demand,

and ninety-five, or to be imported therefrom, six Pence:

rot warehoused

before Dec. 7,

>79S» 6d-

per lb.

For such Snuff

in Warehouse

on Dec. 7,179s*

on Delivery

thervout, 6d. per lb*

t:.ci

w ^ 1 . a a

II. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this ACt imposed, as

shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners

of Extife in Englani for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arile in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, {hall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties by this Act im-

fed, for or in respect of Tobacco and Snuff respectively imported, {hall be paid by Fuch Persons, in Inch

anner, at such Times, and under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Provificns as the former

Excise Duties on Tobacco and Snuff* respectively ini|)orted, are now payable by Law.

IV. ‘ And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of Tobacco and Snuff'respectively, for or

in respect whereof the said Duties are by this ACt imposed be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

Caid* That in all Cafes where any Tobacco or Snuff* whereon any of the respective Duties by this ACt im-

shall be charged, shall be delivered in purfuar.ee of such ContraCls or Sales, it shall be lawful for die

_ erion or Persons delivering the fame, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this

Act imposed for or in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of the fame, and such Perfoit or Persons shall

be entitled by virtue of this ACt to demand and be paid for the fame accordingly.

V. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any Short Cut

Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, respectively manufactured from Tobacco for

whkh the Duties by this ACt imposed shall have been paid, which shall be delivered for Home Trade, Con-

fumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame shall be deposited,

lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of an ACt, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign ot

his present Majesty, (intituled, ftn Act for repealing the Duties on 'Tobacco and Snr/jf, and for granting new

Djitin in lieu thereof \) and exported as Merchandize, under 2n^l subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restric-

110ns, and Provisions contained, provided, settled, or establitiicd in or by the said ACt, made in the twei ry-

, i Mm2 nmtii

For such Snuff

not warchouftd

before Dec. 7,

1795, yd.

per lb.

For such Snuff

in Wartl.ouse

on Dec. 7,279$,

on Deiivciy

tour, 7 d. per ft>.

Duties to+e*

under the Ma-

nagement cf lb*

Commissioncn

ot Fxcifc.

Additional

Dur'es to he

paid as former

Duties.

On Cor.tracts

additional Du-

t.es to be added

to t!»e Pr.cc s

agreed lor.

On Exportation

of Short Cut

Tobacco, Ac.

niamifadlvr.d

from 'I of ac co

.dclivcrud from

any Warehouse

for Horn* Con-

fun-ption, the

fodowing ,.ddi-

