A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto G eor g 11 III.

C. 92.

391

1 9 . ^ . * * . Jg — S

XLIX. And in order that the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia may have the Relief herein-

after directed, be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of each

of the said Wards, or the major Part of them, shall divide the Quota of Men raised in each Ward, whether

the fame shall have been raised by the said Aldermen, Deputy, or Common Councilmen, or the major Part

of them, or by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, amongst the Parishes within such Wards, and

specify for which Parish each Man serves, in order that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such

Parish may be resorted to for defraying the Expences of providing for the Families of such Persons serving

in the Militia as may become entitled to Relief, in Manner as by this AiEl directed; and in case the Aider-

men,. or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of either or any of the said Wards, or the major Part of them,

shall omit or neglect to divide the said Quotas of Men among the Parishes in such respective Wards, in

Mannerherein-before directed, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required,- authorized, and em-

powered, to make such Division for such Ward or Wards, and to order the Parish or Parishes for which such

JFVrfon or Persons {hall be allotted to serve, to be entered upon the Roll herein-before directed to be provided

for the Inrclment of the said Militia Men, in order that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such

Parish or Parishes.may be resorted to for defraying the Expences of providing for the Families of such Per-

fons, serving in the said Militia, as may become entitled to Relief, in Manner as by this Act is directed; and

the Cleric of the said Commissioners is hereby required to deliver to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the

Parishes and Liberties of the said City, from Time to Time, Lilts of the said Men that are allotted to such

Parishes and Liberties as aforesaid. * ‘ -

L. 4 Whereas the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia, when embodied and called into actual

c Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Parishcs or Liberties whereunto they are al-

4 lotted, by the Regulation of this Act, and the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers,

4 serving theiein, when embodied and called into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become

* chargeable to the Parish to which they belong, and it is necessary Provision should be made for such Fa-

€ milies-,’ be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person serving in the said Militia,

or any Person serving in the Room or Place of any Man originally inrolled to serve therein, or any Serjeant,

Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, serving therein, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service,

and ordered to march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor

of the Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where the Family of such Militia Man shall dwell, shall, by

the Order of fomc one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Li-

berty, Tything, orTownship, pay to such Family such weekly Allowance as to such Justice shall seem ex-

pedient, not exceeding the ordinary Price of one Day’s Labour, for each and every Child born in Wedlock,

anti under the' Age of ten Years, and for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether she shall or shall not have

any Child or Children, and provided she does not follow the Regiment; and in every Parish, Liberty,

Tything, or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purposes

aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose ; and in case any

such Militia Man shall not be allotted to the Parish or Liberty where his Family shall dwell, or the Family

of any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, shall not belong to the Parish, Liberty, Tything, or

Township, where such Family shall dwell at the Time of marching as aforesaid, then every such Weekly

Allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, Liberty, Tything, or

Township, by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, on his or their producing and leaving with the

said Treasurer a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such Relief, which Certificate the said Juf-

tice is hereby required to grant accordingly. ^ ■-

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cafes in which the said Treasurer shall reimburseto

any Overseex or Overseers of the Poor oi any Parish, Liberty, Tything, Township, or Vill, any Sum or

Sums of Money, paid in pursuance of the Directions of this A&, on Account of the Weekly Allowance

to the Family of any of the Persons aforesaid, serving in the said Militia, who shall not be allotted or belong

to the Parish or Liberty where such Family shall dwell, the Money so reimbursed by the said Treasurer

shall be repaid him by the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Liberty to which such Militia Man shall

be allotted or belong, and the said Treasurer shall lay an Account of the Monies so paid by him before the

Justices of the Peace for the said City, at their next General or Quarter Sessions, for their Allowance there-

of, and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required to allow the fame accordingly, and forthwith to

make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Liberty to which such Militia Man shall bealr

lotted or belong, to make good the fame to the said Treasurer out of the Poor’s Rates of such Parish* or Li-

berty •, and all Payments so made by such Overseer or Overseers, in pursuance of such Order or Orders of

such Justice or Justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective Accounts.

Lll. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand

made in pursuance of any Order of any justice or Justices of the Peace, to be granted in either Cafe

as aforesaid, for the Payment of any Sum of Mpney, and after the producing of the said Order to him, re-

fuse or negleift, to pay arid satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid in or by such Order, every

such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for

every such Neglect, forfeit and pay any Sum nor exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, upon

the Oath of one or more credible Witnefsor Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accuied, before

ihejustice making such Order, or any other Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the

Offence shall be committed, which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information ex-

hibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter

*-36 Geo. Ill, 3 E 1 ^ of

The Alderman,

tcc. to divide

the Quota cf

Men amon^ft

the Parishes,

and specify for

which each

serve*, that die

Parish Officer*

may be resorted

to for defraying

the Expences t i

their families.

Arc.

If Non-com-

milfioned Offi-

cers, Drum-

mers, or Pri-

vates, when or-

dered to march,

shall leave Fa-

milies behind

them, the Over-

seers, by Order

of a Justice, to

reJievr them

weekly out of

the Poor Kates.

Treasurer to

the Commis-

sioners to re-

imburse Parish

Officers, if the

Men are not al-

lotted to the

Parish where

the Family

dwells, &c.

Treasurer to le

reimbursed by

the Parish to

which the Men

are allotted.

i -

Penalty of xol.

on'Parish Of-

ficers frr not '

paying Money

ordered by Jul'-*

tiecs, which

may be levied

by Distress.

