202

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 13, re-

cited }

and the addi-

tional Duties

thereby imposed

on Cocoa Nuts

and Coffee de-

livered out of

Warehouses for

Home Con-

fumption, to

extend as well

to what was

imported, and

so delivered, on

or before Feb.

23> J795> and

for which the

Duties were not

then paid, as to

Cocoa Nuts and

Coffte import-

, and so de-

livered since

that Day,

t

35 hVf. Ilf.

Cap. re-

cited.

Additional Du-

ties of ic d. and

1 s. 8d. per Gal-

lon on Brandy,

and S d. and *s.

4 d. per Gallon

on Spirits of the

Entish Colonies,

impefed by re-

cited Att, 10

extend, as well

to those import-

, and for

which Duty was

not paid, on or

before Feb. 23,

1795, as to

C. 516. Anno tricedmo quin to G eorgii III. A.D. 1795.

since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after

the passing of this Act shall be, so produced for the Purpose aforesaid.

II. 4 And whereas by another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

4 granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Feci, Cojfee, and Cocoa Nuts, it was enacted, that

4 there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

4 celTors, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things therein-after mentioned, over and above all

4 Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of

4 Excise therein-afeer mentioned : And whereas Doubts may also arise respecting the true Construction of

4 the said last mentioned Act:’ Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare the true In-

tent and Meaning of the said last mentioned Act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, the further Duty of six Pence

Halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame

shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Pound

Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in

America, which was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and which was delivered out of the Warehouse in which the fame

had been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable there-

on for Honfte Consumption, on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-five, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties

payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Pound Weight of the like Cocoa Nuts which, since the

said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the pall-

ing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such Warehouse

for Home Consumption ; and that the said further Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence, mentioned in the

said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have

been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the

Growth or Produce of any other Place, which was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-

third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and^ ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the

Warehouse in which the fame had been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for secur-

ing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, on or before the find twenty-third Day of February

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for

which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Pound Weight of the like Cocoa Nuts

which, since the said twenty-third of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or

after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such

Warehouse for Home Consumption ; and that the said further Duty of six Pence Halfpenny, mentioned in

the said*last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to

have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee which was

imported into Great Britain on or befote the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the Warehouse in which the fame had been lodged

under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Con-

fumption, on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not

paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for

and in respectof every Pound Weight of Coffee, which since the said twenty-third Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act {hall be, imported into

Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

III. 4 And whereas, by another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 for

4 granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits, it was enabled, that there should be

4 raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and

4 in respect of the several Matters and Things therein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already

4 imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise therein-

4 after mentioned : And whereas Doubts may also arise respecting the true Construction of the said last men-

4 tioned Act:* Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare the true Intent and Meaning of

the said last mentioned Act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, under and

by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, the further Duty often Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned

Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame {hall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed as

well for and in respect of every Gallon of Single Brandy which was imported into Great Britain, and Yor

which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Single Brandy

which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been

or after the passing of this Act fhrdl be, imported into Great Britain; and that the further Duty of one Shil-

ling and eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame lhalt

be deimcd and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon o! Brandy

above Proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were

not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Brandy above Proof, which, since the said twenty-third Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be,

- imported

