A.D. 1795* ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 7 i-

CVIII. And, in order to enable the fa id Inspe£Iors effectually to prevent the dealing by or with unlawful

Balances, Weights, or Measures, within the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone ; be it enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, 1 hat the said Inspedtors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, and

Itri&ly required, once in every Month at lead, at seasonable Times in the Day Time, not being less than

four in Number, to enter into all and every Shop. House. Brewhouse. Warehouse, Inn, or Victualling

Houses belonging to any

res, and if the said Infpcc-

,__________,__________ , Kilderkin, or Firkin, bs-

longing to any Brewer or Brewers, which shall not contain and hold such Number of Gallons as the fame

hilft the fame shall be un-

nry the Eighth, intituled,

• , - , , —...................._.7 ,...jr Cask or Vessel import-

*ng to be a Moiety of any other certain Part of such Barrel, Kilderkin, or Firkin, which shall not contain

and hold as many Gallons, Quarts, or Pints, as the fame shall import to contain and hold, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Inspectprs, and they are hereby directed and required to break and destroy the

fame, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons in whose Custody or Pof-

session the fame shall be found, the Sum of ten Shillings for the first Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings for

the second Offence, and the Sum of forty Shillin

may be lawful to and for the said V eftrymen, and they are hereby required, within one Calendar Month

next after such Person or Persons is, are, or shall be convicted of such second and every subsequent Offence,

tocaufehis, her, or their Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, and Addition or Additions, together

with the Nature of his, her, or their Offence, to be inserted in any Newspaper printed and circulated in

the County of Middlesex, and the Proprietor or Proprietors, Printer and Printers, or any other Person or

Persons concerned therein, are hereby authorized and required to print the fame within three Days next after

he, she, or they, is or are required lb to do by or by Order of the said Vestrymen, and he, she, or they, is

and are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Prosecutions for inserting or causing the fame to be in-

serted in such Newspaper by and from any Person or Persons whomsoever j any Law, Statute, or Usage, to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be no-

minated and appointed, and shall serve the said Office of an Inspector within the said Parish, shall be again

summoned or appointed to serve the said Office in less than seven Years after the End of such former

Service. . * v

CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person within the said Parish shall

be liable to or compelled to serve the said Office of an Inspector who is of the Age of fixly Years or up-

wards ; any I hing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept at

the Court House in the said Parish, a common Balance, and common Weights and Measures, sealed accord-

ing to the Standard of the Exchequer, not to be removed from the said Court House, and a Duplicate or

Duplicates thereof, to be used by the said Inspedfors, in the Execution of their Duty, which said Balances,

Weights, and Measures, shall be paid for out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the said Treasurer or

Treassurers to the said V eftrymen for the Time being.

CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Vestrymen, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to appoint one or more

Person or Persons to attend at the said Court Iloufc to mark all Balances, Weights*, and Measures, accord-

ing to the Directions of this Act, of what Nature or Kind soever, in Manner herein-after directed.

CXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted. That such Vestrymen shall and may,

and tncy are hereby authorized and empowered to remove such Person or Persons so to be appointed as afore -

find, when and as often as they shall judge necessary; or if such Officer or Officers shall die, or remove from

the said Parish, such Vestrymen shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or

Stead, so being removed or dying as aforesaid. { * v

CXIV. And be it further enacted, I hat the said Officer or Officers shall attend at the said Court House

in the said Parish every Monday, or oltener if needful, in each and every Week, to size, leal, mark, or

{lamp, all Balances, Weights, and Measures, that may be brought by any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the

fold Parish, according to the Directions of this AdE

CXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, I hat every Balance, Weight, or Measure, sealed, marked,

or stamped, according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, shall be and be deemed to be as lawful as it they or any of them had been icaled, marked, or

stamped, according to the Directions of this Act.

CXV I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Officer or Officers so to be ap-

pointed as aforesaid E and are hereby required, upon Application to him or them made, to size and seal,

and also mark or a‘l Balances, Weights, and Measures, which shall be brought to him for that Pur-

pose, and which lhaj. be agreeable to the Standard of the Exchequer aforesaid ; and the said Officer or Of-

ficers (bah demand arid receive, for each Balance, Weight, and Measure, so by him or them sealed and

marked as aforesaid, lur his or their Pains and I rouble therein, the Fees following, and no more; (that

is to say,) J ‘

For every Bushel, the Sum of four Pence :

For every Half Bushel, the sum of two Pei

35 Geo. III.

T

For

137

Inspectprs to

inspect into

Weights, Sec.

Penalty on Per-

fons tiling short

Weights, See.

Names, See. of

Persons guilty

of subsequent

Offence to be

inserted in the

Newspaper*.

Inspectorsnot

to serve twice

in seven Yeari.

Persons above

sixty not to

serve.

Standards of

Weights, Sec.

to be kept at

the Court

House, Sec.

Vestrymen may

appoint Person*:

to mark

Weights, tec. 1

and remove

them, and ap-

point others.

Weights to be

stamped.

Pa lances, Sec.

already (tamp#

cd, good.

Officers to mark

Weights, &c.

Fees for the

fame.

