A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

C. 89.

*99

been delivered on Bond, and the Names of the Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel in which the fame was shipped,

and of the M after or Commander thereof: Provided also, That no such Applications shall be sustained

or proceeded upon, nor shall any such Warrant be granted, unless it shall appear upon the Face of the Ap-

plication, and be proved upon Oath, that the Storm or Accident, by which the Loss of the Salt, or Rock

Salt, was occasioned, happened within six Months immediately preceding, nor unless Notice in Writing

of the Time and Place of hearing and determining the Matter shall be given to the Commissioners of Ex-

cife, if the Matter of such Application be to be heard in Londont or to the Collector of Excise of the Col-

lection nearest to where the Quarter Sessions shall be held, if the Matter-of such Application be to be heard

‘ in the Country, atleaft fix Days before the Day appointed for such Hearing.

CXVI. And be it further enaCted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Glass, in

Great Britain, to take Rock Salt from any Warehouse belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine or Pit, or

to take any Brine or Sea Water for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, upon Bond

or Security being given in double the Duty on such Rock Salt, Brine, or SeaWater, that all such Rock

Salt, Brine, and Sea Water, shall be really and truly employed, spent, and consumed, in the making of

Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass; such Bond or Security to be discharged upon the Proprietor or Manu-

facturer, or his Agent, making Oath before the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which the Alkali

Works shall be situated, (which Oath such ColleCtcr is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,)

that all the said Rock Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for which such Bond or Security was given, was made

use of in making such Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and for no other Purpose whatsoever, and the Su-

pervisor or Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Mineral Alkali shall then be,

at the fame Time certifying his Belief of the Truth of the Matters sworn to by such Maker or Makers of

Glass, or his or their Agent: Provided, That no Maker or Makers of Glass whatsoever shall obtain, re-

ceive, or have, any such Rock Salt, Brine, or SeaWater, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or

Flux for Glass, therefrom, unless such Maker or Makers of Glass shall have first made such Entry as herein-

after mentioned.

hereinafter mentioned shall

Glass Makers

may take Rock

Salt from Ware-

houses, or Brme

or Sea Water,

for making Mi-

neral Alkali, or

Flux for Gast,

upon Hond that

it shall be so

used.

f *

How such

Bonds shall be

discharged.

Mo Glass Maker

to receive Rock

Salt, Sec. till

such Entry as

have been made.

CXVII. And be it further enaCted, That all and every Person and Persons, before he, (lie, or they shall

presume to begin to make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, shall from Time to Time

make'true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and

other Place, and also of every Utensil and Vessel by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use

of, in or for the making or keeping Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or any Materials proper to be

made into Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, at the Office of Excisev within the Compass or Limits where-

of such Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place respectively shall be situate; and if

any such Person or Persons shall begin to make any Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, without first making

such Entry, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to-

gether with all the Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and all the Materials proper to be made into Mineral

Alkali, or Flux for Glass, together with all the Utensils and Vessels used in making the same, which shall at

any Time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, or other Place used in or for the

making or keeping of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, whereof no such Entry shall be made.

CXYHII. 4 And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, certain Licences are authorized to be granted for making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and

4 for or in respect of each such Licence a Duty of five Pounds is by the said Act imnofed : And whereas it

1 inexpedient to repeal the said Duty ;* be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day

of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said Duty of five Pounds, by the said Aftim-

posed for or in respect of each such Licence, shall cease and determine, and no such Licence shall hereafter

be granted. # 1 “

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Rock Salt shall be delivered out of or from any

Warehouse belonging to any Mine or Pit, from which the fame shall be raised or taken, for the Purpose or

under any Pretext of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or shall be afterwards delivered at such

Work or Works, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, or stored or deposited in

any Warehouse, Storehouse, or Place, belonging thereto, or used therewith, but in the Presence of the

proper Officer of Excise, who shall make and keep an Entry in Writing, containing the true and real

Weight or Quantity of the Salt so delivered at such Salt Mine or Pit, and brought in or delivered to or at such

Alkali Works as aforesaid, together with the Day on which the fame shall be brought into or delivered at

such Alkali Work or Works respectively as aforesaid ; and which Entry so to be made at such Salt Mine or Pit

as aforesaid, shall also contain the Name of the Maker or Makers of Glass respectively to whom the Rock

Salt therein mentioned was delivered, and for the Die of what Work or Works for the making of Mineral

Alkali, or Flux for Glass, and to whom belonging. ' V

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Rock Salt so brought in to be used, stored, or depo-

sited, at any such Work or Works, for the making of such Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, shall be of

less Weight or Quantity than that specified in the Permit which shall accompany the fame, the Maker or

Makers of Mineral Alkali, to whose Use or on whose Account the said Salt was so delivered at such Salt

Mine or Pit as aforesaid, shall be answerable for the fame.

Before mpking

Mineral Alkali,

or Flux for

blafs, an Entry

to be made of

"Workhouses,

Sec. at the Ex-

cife Office of the

Distri&, on

Penalty of tool,

with the Mate-

rials and Utcii-

fils.

Duty imposed

on Licences for

making Mineral

Alkali, or Flux

for Glass, by.

2zCeo. 3. c. 39.

to cease from

Ott. 10,1798.

No Rock Salt to

be delivered for

making Mineral

Alkali, or Flux

for Glass, or

stored, but jn

Presence of an

Officer, who

fh all make an

Entry of the*

Quantity, dec.

sz

If Rock Salt

bi ought to any

Work for

making Mine,

ral Alkali, or

Flux for Glass,

be less than specified in the Permit, the Maker shall be answerable.

CXXI. And

