430

9

If the Number

of Men for any

Sub-division

shall not be en-

rolled at the

appointed

Meeting, the

Deputy Lieute-

nants xnay pro*

coed to a fresh

Ballot.

A Deputy Lieu-

tenant or JustiCe

may adrmnifter

the Oath to Per-

fons who are to

serve, and shall

direct the Clerk

This Act not to

delay levying

Men to com-

plete the embo-

died Milith.

Persons chosen

by ballot (not

being Quakers)

not appearing,

&c. to forfeit

15 1. and to be

liable to serve

again at the

next Ballot;

and if the Pe-

nalty be not

paid, shall be

compelled to

serve.

The Powers of

the firil recited

Act with respect

to Quakers, to

extend to this

Act.

‘Certain Persons

exempted from

Service in the

Supplementary

Militia.

C. 3, Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Poor, in such Manner as they may reimburse themselves, or be reimbursed for any Monies by them ex-

pended in Matters relating to the Poor.

XIV. And be it further enacted, 'That if, through the Neglect or Miftakeof any chief Constables, Con-

stables, or other Officers, or from any other Caule, the full Number of Men appointed for any Sub-divi-

iion should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, as before directed, then the De-

puty Lieutenants at their said Meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they arc hereby required,

immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meet-

ing, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for

carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any one Deputy

Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, to administer the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Persons to

serve in the said Supplementary Militia to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer, un-

der the Directions of this Act, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute, and such Deputy

Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, is hereby authorized to direct and require the Cleik of the Sub-division

for which every such Person, by whom the said Oath has been before him taken, is to serve, to enroll the

Name of every such Person, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered

to him, in the Roll of such Sub-division.

>fthe Sub-division to enrol the Persons sworn.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be conftrtied in any Manner to im-

pede or delay the levying of Men who ought to be raised trom Time to Time to complete the Militia now

embodied, or to vary the Manner of proceeding therein according to the Directions of the said Ad of the

twentyrfixth Year aforesaid; but that all such Levies shall be effected in like Manner as if this Act had not

been passed. , ^:; [

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of

this Act, to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, (not being one of the People called §>gtakers,) shall re-

fufc or neglect to appear, and take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be

approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every

such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and whenever any

Ballot shall take place in the same Parish or Place, under the Authority of this Act, be liable to serve again,

or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects

whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be de-

livered over to some proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, for which he was

ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve in like Manner as any other Person who should be then ballotted

for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the fame Punishments for afterwards absconding or

deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and*been duly sworn and enrolled as a

Militia Man. ? 'T f I ' ^-iJJ

XVII. Provided always, That the Powers contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid,

with respect to the People called uakers, shall be carried into Execution in the levying of Men to be raised

by virtue of this Act, as fully and amply as if the fame had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this

ACT . , - I

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall serve as a Commissioned

Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in his Majesty’s other Forces, or Militia now embodied,

or in any Corps of Volunteers raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall

voluntarily enroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coajls, or for the general Defence of

the Kingdom, during the present War, and who shall have been duly entered therein, on or before the twen-

tieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or in any one of his Majesty’s Castles or

Ports, nor any Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces,

or Militia, or in any such Volunteer Corps as aforesaid, or who shall have offered themselves and been ac-

cepted to serve upon Vacancies which shall have happened on or before the said twentieth Day of Ofiober

or.e thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, nor any Person being a resident Member of either of the Univer-

fities, nor any Clergyman, nor any licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, nor any Constable, or

other Peace Officer, nor any Person being and having been, on or before the twentieth Day of Ofiober one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an Articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Scafaiing Man, nor

any Person mustered, trained, and doing Duty, or employed in any of his Majesty’s Docks or Dock Yards,

for the Service thereof, or employed and mustered in his Majesty’s Service in the Tower of London, Wool-

wich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other

Store Houses belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person be-

ing free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any Poor Man havii g more than three

Children born in lawful Wedlock, under ten Years of Age, or infirm, nor any Gamekeeper who shall caule

himself to be enrolled to serve according to the Directions of any Ad to be passed i*n this Session of Parlia-

ment, nor any Person who has served personally or by Substitute in the Militia raised by virtue of the Lid

former Acts,*shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia, to be raised by

virtue of this Act; but no Person who has served in any of his Majesty’s Forces, or in any Volunteer Corps

