762

\

A& may be re-,

peaied or altered

this Session.

Commencement

ci Att.

Sp much of

% Ann*, c. 6,

as grants Pro-

tections, and

.13 Geo. a. c. 17,

and so much of

aCto. 3. c. 15,

C. 45, 46. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

extend, to the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and to every Part thereof respectively,

and to all and every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who

shall during the said War exertife, the Powers of Government in the said United Provinces and Switzerland

respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, and to all Persons residing or being, or who shall

during the said War reside or be, within the same respectively, or within any of the Territories or Places

aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Govern-

ment within the said United Provinces or Switzerland respectively, or any of them, or any of the Territo-

ries or Places aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said United

Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and every Part thereof, and the Territories, Places, and Persons

aforesaid, and every of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said Act, and all and every the Provisions

in the said Act contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and the said United Provinces and

Switzerland respectively, and every Part thereof, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, had

in all Parts of the said Act been mentioned together with France, and the Territories, Persons, and Places

described in the said Act; and that all and every the Acts thereby prohibited to be done by Persons residing

or being in Great Britain with respect to France, or the Persons exercising, or who during the said War

might exercise, the Powers of Government in France, or Persons residing or being within any of the Do-

minions of France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government

of the Persons exercising, w who might exercise* the Powers of Government in France, shall be deemed

and taken to be, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, Provihons, and Restrictions, prohibited

with respect to the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively, and every Part thereof, and all and

every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the

said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the said United Provinces and Switzerland respectively,

or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and to all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said

War reside or be, within the same respectively, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and

to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the

said United Provinces or Switzerland respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, or any of the

Territories or Places aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to repeal, amend, alter, or vary this Act, or any

Part thereof, during the present Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall take place and have Commencement as to the present

Matters hereinbefore contained, from the End of one Week after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts

which shall be done by any Person whatsoever in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any Parts out

of Great Britain, by any Person who shall have been in Great Britain at any T ime after the passing of this

Act, and during the Continuance of this Act, , and shall take place and have Commencement one Calendar

Month after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of Europe, other than

Great Britain, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act

and one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act; and shall take place and have Commencement three

Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall b'e done in any Parts of the World

out of Europe and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great

Britain between the passing of this Act and the End of three Calendar Months after the passing of this

Act; and shall take place and have Commencement six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act,

as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of the World beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person

who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act and the End of six Calendar

Months after the passing of this Act*

CAP. XL VI. ' L' 9

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty’s Navy. ,

[26th May 1798.J

* WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament, Persons under certain Descriptions areproteded from

4 VV being impressed into his Majesty’s Service at Sea: And whereas it is expedient, for the Public De-

* fence, that such rrotedions should be suspended for a limited Timebe it therefore enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an

Ad, passed in the second Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Ann*, intituled, An Act for the Increase of

Seamefiy and better Encouragement of Navigation and Security of the Coal Tradey as grants any Exemption

or Protection to any Apprentice or other Person from being impressed, or permitted or suffered to lift on

enter into his Majesty’s bea Service; and also one Ad, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Shipsy or other trading

Ships or Vessels'y and alfofo much of an Act, passed in the second Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act for the betterSupplying the Cities London and Westminster with Fish> and to reduce the present exorbitant

Price thereof and to protest and encourage Fishermen, as grants any Protection to the Persons therein de-

feribed, from being impressed into his Majesty’s Service at Sea 3 and also so much of an Act, passed in the

