3S8

C. 83.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

it Anne, Stat.

z. Cap. ix.

Bilhop or Ordi-

nary may ap-

point a Stipend

to Curates, of

751. per An-

num, with the

Use of the Par-

fonage House in

a certain Cafe,

or an Allowance

for it.

The Grant of

the House may

be revoked.

Penalty on not

delivering it up.

1 Geo. I. Stat.

2. Cap. 10.

Churches aug-

mented by

Queen Anne’s

Bounty, to be

deemed Bene-

fices presenta-

tive, and the of-

ficiating Curate

may have a like

Stipend.

Benefices held

with augmented

Cures to be

held by the pre-

sent Incum-

bents.

w

CAP. LXXXIII.

#>

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Eng-

landy and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of such Curates,

and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne's Bounty, with re-

spedt to the Avoidance of other Benefices.—[14th May 1796.]

1 _

HF.REAS, in and by a Statute passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Antic, it isena£lcd,

That if any Rector or Vicar, having Cure of Souls, should, after the twenty-ninth of Sep-

tember one thousand seven hundred and fourteen* nominate and present any Curate to the Bishop or Ordi-

nary, to be licensed or admitted to serve the Cure of such Rector or Vicar in his Absence, the said Bishop

or Ordinary, having Regard to the Greatness of the Cure, and the Value of the Ecclehaflical Benefices

of such Rector or Vicar, should, on or before the granting such Licence, appoint, by Writing under his

Hand and Seal, a sufficient certain Stipend or Allowance, not exceeding fifty Pounds per Annum nor less

than twenty Pounds per Annum, to be paid or answered at such Times as he should think fit, by such Rec-

for or Vicar to such Curate, for his Support and Maintenance ; and if it should appear to the Bishop or

Ordinary, upon Complaint or otherwise, that any Curate of such Rector or Vicar, licensed or admitted

before the twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, had not a sufficient Main-

tenance, it should be lawful for the said Bishop or Ordinary to appoint him a certain Stipend or Allowance

in like Manner as before mentioned ; and in case any Difference shall arise between any Rector or Vicar

and his Curate, touching such Stipend or Allowance, or the Payment thereof, the Bishop or Ordinary, on

Complaint to him made, should summarily hear and determine the fame; and in case of Neglect or Refusal

to pay such Stipend or Allowance, might fequefler the Profits of such Benefice for and until Payment

thereof: And whereas in many Places the Provision made, in and by the saidStatute, for the Support and

Maintenance of such Curate, is now become inefficientbe it enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent Ma-

jessy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for

the Bishop or Ordinary to appoint, under his Hand and Seal, any Stipend or Allowance for any Curate

heretofore nominated or employed, or hereafter to be nominated or employed, not exceeding seventy-five

Pounds per Annum, over and besides, on Livings where the Rector or Vicar does not personally reside four

Months in the Year at least, the Use of the Redlory or Vicarage House, and the Garden and Stable thereunto

belonging, such Use to be granted to the said Curate for the Space of twelve Calendar Months by the Autho-

rity of the Bishop or Ordinary, under his Hand and Seal, with Power in the said Bishop or Ordinary to re-

new the Grant from Time to Time, or a further Sum not exceeding fifteen Pounds per Annum, in lieu of

such House, Garden, and Stable, in case there shall be none such, or it shall appear to the Bishop or Ordi-

nary not to be convenient to allot and assign the fame to such Curate; which said Stipend or Stipends shall be

paid and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Stipend payable under and by virtue of the said re-

cited Act: Provided always. That the said House, Garden, and Stable shall be for the Use of the said Curate

and his Family only during his actual Residence in the said Redlory and Vicarage House.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Bishop or Ordinary shall have Power, at any Time,

under his Hand and Seal, to revoke the Grant to the said Curate of the said House, Garden, and Stable,

or any of them ; and also to insert in such Grant such Terms and Conditions to be observed on the Part of

the Curate as he shall think reasonable ; and also that the Curate shall peaceably deliver up the Possession of

the Premises granted to him at the Expiration or other sooner Determination of the Grant thereof; and in

case he shall refuse foto do, he shall forfeit and lose to the Rector or Vicar all such Parts of his Stipend as

{hall then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due, and also the Sum of fifty Pounds to such Rector or

Vicar, 3nd which shall be recoverable in an Action of Debt.

in. 4 And whereasbyan Act, passed in the first Year of his late mofl gracious Majesty King George the

4 First, it was enacted, That all Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, which should be' augmented by the Go-

4 vernors of the late Queen Anne's Bounty, should be from thenceforth perpetual Cures and Benefices: And

4 whereas it is expedient that such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels should be subjected to the

4 same Rules as Benefices, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices be it further enacted, That

such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels shall be considered in Law as Benefices presentative, so

as that the Licence thereto shall operate in the same Manner as Institution to such Benefices, and shall render

voidable other Livings, in like Manner as Institution to the said Benefices; and that it shall be lawful for the

Bishop or Ordinary, within whose Jurisdiction such augmented Church, Curacy, or Chapel shall lie, to ap-

point, under his Hand and Seal, any Stipend or Allowance for the officiating Curate to be nominated or em-

ployed by the perpetual Curate or Incumbent thereof, not exceeding seventy-five Pounds per Annum, for

which Payment the said Curate shall have the fame and like Remedies as are herein-before given to the Cu-

rates of Redlors and Vicars. - f

IV. 4 And whereas Doubts have been lately entertained, whether the Acceptance of such augmented

4 Churches, Curacies, and Chapels has rendered voidable in Law such other Benefices as the Incumbents

4 possessed before their Acceptance of the fame: And whereas it is fit that many Incumbents who have ac-

4 cepted such Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, should be quieted in the Possession of the Benefices they

4 enjoyed before the Acceptance of the fame it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Bendicesas

were

