582

Affidavit re-

quired to be

made by 12

Geo. 1. c. 29 ;

mutt also add

that there had

been no Offer to

pay in Bank

Notes;

otherwise Pro-

ceedings to be

had as if no

Affidavit had

been made to

hold to Special

Bail.

If any Person

having offered

to pay in Bank

Notes cannot,

by Reason of

this Act, be

held to Special

Bail, the Court

may order him

to deposit Bank

Notes to answer

the D.mand,

and if not done

he may be ar- -

retted and held

to Special Bail.

[&eC. 45. § 9.]

Collectors of

the Public Re-

venue to ac.

eept it in Notes.

f /trbatim from

§ 10. of Cap. 45. J

The Bank may

issue Cash, on

previous Notice

to the Speaker

of the House of

Commons.

Publication of

Notice.

Continuance of

Act.

Act may be

repealed or al-

tered this Sef-

fion.

C. 91,92,93. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, unless the Affidavit which shall be made

for that Purpose according to the Provisions in the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall not only contain the several

Matters required by the said Act, but also that no Offer has been made to pay the Sum of Money in such

Affidavit mentioned, and therein (worn to, for the Purpose of holding any Person to Special Bail, in Notes

of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand (fradtional Parts of the Sum of

twenty Shillings only excepted); and if any Process shall be issued against any Person upon which such

Person might have been held to Special Bail before the passing of the said Act of the present Session of Par-

liament, and no Affidavit shall be made as aforesaid, that no such Offer of Payment in Notes of the Governor

and Company had been made as aforesaid, such Person shall not be arrested on such Process, but Proceed-

ings shall be had against such Person in the same Manner as if no Affidavit had been made for the Purpose of

holding such Person to Special Bail under the Provisions of the said Act of hisrfaid late Majesty King George

the First; and all Provisions in such Act, or in any other Act of Parliament, for preventing frivolous and

vexatious Arrests, shall be applied to the Provisions in this Act contained, so far as the same are capable of

being so applied: Provided always, that if Affidavit shall be made upon which any Person might have been

held to Special Bail upon any such Process as aforesaid, before the passing of the said recited Act of the

present Session of Parliament, and it shall be likewise sworn in such Affidavit that such Offer of Payment has

been made as aforesaid, so that the Person who might have been arrested and held to Special Bail upon

fuchTrocefs, this Act had not been made, cannot, by reason of such Offer and of the Provisions in this

Act contained, be so arrested and held to Special Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court out of which such

Process shall issue, or fo/ any Judge of such Court, in a summary Way, to order the Defendant in the Action

in which such Process shall i(Iue, and who might have been so held to Special Bail as aforesaid if this Act had

not been made, to cause Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, to

the Amount of the Sum of Money for which such Person might have been so held to Special Bail if this Act

had not been made, to be deposited in such Manner as such Court or such Judge shall direct, to answer the

Demands of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action; and if such Deposit shall not be made within the Time

limited by such Order after such Notice thereof as shall thereby bediredted to be given, it shall be lawlul, upon

Affidavit duly made and filed that such Deposit has not been made according to such Order, to arrest such

Defendant, and hold him or her to Special Bail, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not

been made. ;

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Restric-

tien on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, by this Act imposed, all Sums of Money

which now are or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, shall be accepted by the Col-

ledtors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue, authorized to receive the same, in Notes of the said

Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, if offered to be so paid (fractional Parts of

the Sum of twenty Shillings only excepted).

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of this Act, to issue Cash, out of any Cash which shall

be at their Disposal, in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever, or of any Part or Proportion of any

Debt or Demand whatever, upon their giving five Days Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of

Commons of their Intention so to do, specifying the Description of such Debt or Demand; any Thing in

this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; which Notice the Speaker of the House of

Commons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force and have Con-

tinuance, so far as the fame restrains the said Governor and Company from issuing Cash in Payments, until

one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or

Thing herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any Manner whatsoever, during the present

Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCII. -; , 11

An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations refbefling Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident

therein, in certain Cafes.—[zidyune 1797.] H'&T-

4< Act 33 Geo*. 3. 4. continued till July i, 1799.”

CAP. XCIIL

-15 Geo. 3. c. 80.

recited.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrol-

ment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.—[22d June 1797.]

4 \\7 HEREAS many Persons who by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out

4 by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, traflifing in certain Courts ofjuflict in Great Britain; and certain other

4 Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein men-

9 4 tioned.

