A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 6, 7.

such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act in his Defence, and the Pur-

fucr shall not insist on his Action; or if Judgment shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defendant shall and

may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Su t.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case his Mnjifty, at any

Time or Times alter the passing of this Act, shall, in his Royal Discretion, judge it to be most for the Benefit

and Advantage of this Kingdom to permit the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes,

Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, that then it shall and may be lawful

to and for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of

his Privy Councilor by his Majesty’s Order in Council, to be published in the London G izette, from Time

to Time to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but 11U any parti-

cular Person or Persons,) at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to make Stanch from Wheat,

Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take

Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is

hereby di reded or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and shall be and remain in

Force until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

255

Defender may

plead this A&,

ScC.

His Majesty

may permit

the making of

Srarch from

Wheat, Sec.

t

I

I

Commencement

and Continu-

alice of Att.

CAP. VII.

%

An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty’s Person and Government against

treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts.—[i 8th December x795-]

4 I Y 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

* W mons, of Great Britain, in this present Parliament assembled, duly considering the daring Outrages

4 offered to your Majesty’s mod Sacred Person, in your Passage to and from your Parliament at the Open-

4 ing of this present Session, and also the continued Attempts of wicked and evil-disposed Persons to dii-

4 turb the Tranquillity of this your Majesty’s Kingdom, particularly by the Multitude of seditious Pam-

4 phlets and Speeches daily printed, published, and dilperfed, with unremitted Indudry, and w tlia transeendant

4 Boldness, in Contempt of your Majesty’s Royal Person and Dignity, and tending to tt.e Overthrow of the

4 Laws, Government, and happy Conditution of these Realms, have judged that it is become necessary to

4 provide a further Remedy against all such treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts: We, therefore,

4 calling to Mind the good and wholesome Provisions which have at diderent Times been made by the Wif-

4 dom of Parliament lor the averting such Dangers, and more especially for the Security and Preservation of

4 the Persons of the Sovereigns of these Realms, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be en-

4 acted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the Day of the passing of this Act, during

the natural Lile of our most Gracious Sovereign Lord the King, (whom Almighty God preserve and bless

with a long and prosperous Reign,) and until the End of the next Section of Parliament after a Dcmife of the

Crown, (hall, within the Realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise, or intend Death or Deflrudion,

or any bodily Harm tending to Death or Destruction, Maim or Wounding, Imprisonment or Restraint, of

the Person of the fame our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Suecefiors, or to deprive or depose him or

them from the Style, Honour, or Kingly Nam£ of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, or of any other of his

Majtdy’s Dominions or Countries; or to levy War against his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, within this

Realm, in order, by Force or Condraint, to compel him or them to change his or their Mcafurcsor Coun-

ts, or in order to put any Force or Conllraint upon, or to intimidate, or overawe, both Houses, or cither

House of Parliament • or to move or dir any Foreigner or Stranger with Force to invade this Realm, or any

other his Majesty’s Dominions or Countries, under the Obeisance of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suecefiors

and such CompaiTings, Imaginations, Inventions, Devices, or Intentions, or any of them, shall express,

utter, or declare, by publ filing any Printing or Writing, or by any overt Ad or Deed ; being legally con-

vtded thereof, upon the Oaths of two lawful and credible Witnesses, upon Trial, or othervyiic convicted or

attainted by due Course of Law, then every such Person and Per ions, so as aforesaid offending, shall be

deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a Traitor and 'Traitors, and shall fulfer Pains of Death, and also lose

and forfeit as in Cafes of High Treason.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within that Part

of Great Britain culled England* at any Time from and after the Day of the passing of this Act, during

three Years from the Day’of passing this Act, and until the End of the then next hellion of Parliament,

shall maliciously and advisedly, by Writing, Printing, Preaching, or other Speaking, express, piiblish, utter,

or declare any Words or Sentences to incite or dir up the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of

his Majesty, his Heirs or Suecefiors, or the Government and Conditution of this Realm, as by Law efta-

blished, then e/ery such Person and Persons, being thereof legally convicted, shall be liable to such Punishment

any by Law be inflicted in Cafes of High Misdemeanors *, and if any Person or Persons shall, after being

•j convidleJ, offend a ficond "Time, and be thereupon convicted, before any Commission of Oyer and 1 cr-

nuocr, or Gaol Delivery, or in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, such Person or Persons may, on such

fccon l Convict'on, be adjudged, at the Discretion of the Court, either to suffer such Punishment as may now

by Law be inflicted in Cafes of High Misdemeanors, or to be banifbed this Realm, or to be tran (ported to

36 Geo. HI. LI* . such

Persons wTTo

shall compass,

devise, Ax. tli«

Death, Re-

straint, tec. of

his Majesty or

lus Heirs, or

to depose them,

or to hvy War

to compel a

Change of Mea-

sures, Arc. to te

deemed'f iai:ors.

Persons, in

England, who

rtinll, by Writ-

es , Arc. incite

to Hatred or

Contempt of hit

Majesty or the

Govern ir.c»fr

Scc. shall be

guilty cf High

Mifdtmsanor*;

and for a second

Oftervce may he

f/unifh<d as lor

a High Mifdca.*

mca&or, ot

