A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. C. 28—31.

thority of the fame, That all Promiftory Notes, and other Notes for Payment of Money, which, since the

second Day of Afarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have been, or which hereafter shall be

blued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, payable to Bearer, notwithstanding the fame

shall have been, or shall be, made and issued for the Payment of any Sum of Money under the Sum of five

Pounds, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if the fame had

been made and iilued for the Sum of five Pounds, or upwards; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding. *'« J £7 - ' '• ; f

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person concerned, or who has acted in, or who shall or may he

concerned or act in,* the making, uttering, publishing, or negociating, such Notes, shall be subject or liable to

any Penalty or forfeiture whatl’oever in respect thereof. x

III- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter, vary, or repeal, this Act, or any Part

thereof, in this present Session of Parliament.

‘ ' .CAP. XXIX. -

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breach, in

the County of Cornwall, to Dunmecr Bridge, in the Parish of Bodmin, in the said County; and also

a certain Collateral Cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthcrn Bridge, in the said Parish of Bodmin.

IfJ fr '» > f [$d March 17971]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grantham Canal Navigation, to finish and complete

the fame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the Ad\ of Parliament,

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty •, for making and maintaining the said

Canal and Collateral Cut.—[3d Alarch 1797.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to enable the Left India Company to

Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions

of the Company to the said increased Stock.

raise Money by further increasing their

now exilling rrfpefting the present Stock

[7th March 1797.]

4 XT WHEREAS the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

4 VV require a permanent Advance of a considerable Sum of Money beyond what the said Company

4 can raise under the Powers now vetted in them by Law; and it is expedient that such Money should be

4 raised by an Increase of their Capital Stock :* May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, and they are

hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury for the 7'ime being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the I ime

being, from Time to Time, and at any Time or 'Limes hereafter, to open Books and receive Subscriptions

from an^ Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for enlarging their

present Capital Stock or Fund of six Millions of Pounds to any Sum or Sums, not exceeding the further

Sum of two Millions Capital Stock, so that their whole Capital Stock shall not exceed the Capital Sum of

eight Millions ; which said additional Capital Stock shall from Time to 'Lime be subscribed and paid for at

such Rate for every one hundred Pounds of such Stock as the Court of Directors of the said United Company,

with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the 'Lime, being, or

any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct ; which said Subscrip-

tiens shall be made, and the Money for the said additional Stock shall, from l ime to Time, be paid, in uch

Manner and Form, and by such Instalments and Proportions, as the said Court of Directors, with^such Con-

tent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; and the Capital Stock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from

and after the I ime of such Payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a Part of the Capital

Stock of the said Company ; and the said Subscribers, fron\ and after the Time of making full Payment for

the said additional Stock, and their respective Executors or Administrators and Assigns, shall at all Times be

deemed and rejujted to be Members of the said United Company, and incorporated therewith, and shall

be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the Profits, Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and

Immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the Regulations, Rules, and Orders, where to the

iu Stockholders and Members of the said United Company, in respect of the Stock held by and belong-

to them, are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto by any Act or Acts of Parliament^ Charier, or

. e-Lw, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional Stock shall be transferrable and alTignable in the

like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof shall hold their respective Shares of the said nddi ional

Stock in like Manner, as the respective present Stockholders of the said Company now do, and hereafter

M hold and enjoy the respective Sums now belonging to them in the present Capital Stock ol the said

dCompany, and the fame shall in all Respects be consolidaicd and united as one Joint Stock.

37 Geo. 111. L II. And

521

All NotesifTued

by the I ank af.

t r March z,

1797, I or Sums

under 51. shall

be valid.

No Person mak-

ing or negotiat-

ing such Notes

liable to Penal-

ty-

Ad may be al-

tered 0« repealed

this Session.

• Cap. 94-

The Company,

with Cor tent of

the I rca%ry

may acd

z,coc,0 cl.

to th-.ir Cup.

tal Stcck.

Subscribers to

be incorporated

with the Com-

pany.

