The Duties

in Schedule

A. to be paid

on Importation,

and in Schedule

B. on Exporta-

tien of certain

Goods, and the

Drawbacks in

A. allowed.

Duties to be

under the

Management

of the Customs.

Duties and

Drawbacks to

be levied and

allowed agree-

ably to 27 Ceo.

Ill, Cap. 13,

&c.

C. 20. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 17 95-

shall be thought necessary, it shall be lawful for the several and respective Justices of the Peace, having

Authority to act in the Execution of the said Act, or any two or more of them, by their Order in Writing,

under their Hands and Seals, to appoint and constitute a Place or Places of Rendezvous for the Reception of

Men inrolled by virtue of the said Act.

:: . cap. xx. '

An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil,

Waste Sill;, and Timber, and on the Exportation of British Rock Salt, and Coal.

[27th March 1795.]

c Most Gracious Sovereign, x

\X7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising by the roost easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's

*■ Public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

t Duties of Customs hereinafter mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tha Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready

Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation into the Kingdom of Great Britain from

Parts beyond the Seas, of the several and respective Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,^ enumerated and de-

feribed in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked A. and also upon the Exportation from the

Kingdom of Great Britain, of the several and respective Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, enumerated and

described in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked B. the several Duties of Customs as the fame

are respectively inserted and set forth in Figures, in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed re-

spectively, marked A. B. and so in that Proportion for any greater or lester Quantity; all which* Duties

shall be, over and above all other Duties which are now due and payable by any Law on any of the said

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively (other than the Duties on Waste Silk, and on Masts of

twelve Inches or upwards Diameter, herein-after repealed); and that there shall be paid and allowed the

several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs so imposed by this Act, as the fame are also respectively

inserted, described, and set forth, in Figures, in the said Schedule and Table marked A. and in the like

Proportion as aforesaid. ? ' .; VW

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties of Customs by this

Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of

the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs

in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of Money so

respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule and Tables marked A. and B. as the

Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, upon, for, or in respect of the several

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, inserted therein, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained,

raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in or by.

any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs and the Drawbacks

thereof imposed and allowed on the like Goods, by an Act, pasted in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign,

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Ex rife, and granting

other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the

Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or

Adanufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain

unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the

National Debt, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, reco-

vered, and allowed; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act respectively made

liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Customs, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of

Customs as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed,

marked A. and B. upon Importation thereof into or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any

other Account whatever, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the

Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before

the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever

committed against, or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the

passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement

thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed

and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in

respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, hereby respectively charged

and allowed, (as far as the fame are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and

Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines,.

Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. Provided:

