»iT/#y A

THE

P ^ *T

f-.nsv

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo sexto.

\ JL T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno

4 JJh Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

4 -a JL our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, “

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-ninth Day of October one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-five; being the sixth Session of the seventeenth Parliament oi Great Britain/

4 " | 40 fc i, A j j 1 . I » m 1 «

1 CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry*

for the Service of the Year one thouknd seven hundred and ninety-six.—[23d November 1795.]

0 \ I * «* « ‘ ^ ^ ^ ^ 14 m\ j* I j > f ^ ^ Af

. CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six. [4.1. in the£.J [13d November 1795.]

. t j v i ' f

CAP. III. '

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit

the Importation of Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time* in any

Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty,—[23d November 1795.J

4 \ T WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to prohibit generally the Exportation

of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, and of other Articles made thereof, and of Potatoes, from any

4 Part of this Kingdom, and to permit generally the Importation of the fame into any Part of this Kingdom,

in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty,

4 ind navigated in any Manner whatever, and to permit the Ume to be taken out of Warehouse without

4 Payment of any Duty whatever :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaSed; and be

it enaSed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That,

from and after the passing of this AS, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of

the next Session of Parliament, it {hall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, from any Part of

this Kingdom, any British or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any

Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or any Potatoes, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or

Meal, or Flour made thereof; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import, into any Part

of this Kingdom, any Foreign Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, in any British Ship or Vefl'el, or in any

other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navi-

gated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also to take out of Warehouse,

for Home Consumption, any such Foreign Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, without Payment of any

Duty whatsoever; any AS or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person shall

exoort, or shall load or lay on board any Ship or other Vessel with Intent to export, any Corn or other Ar-

ticta as aforesaid, the Person so exporting, or loading or laying on board with Intent to export the fame,

shall be liable and fubjcS to the like Forfeitures and Penalties: and the said Corn or other Articles, and the

36 Geo. III. Kk Ship

No Wheat, ict.

to be exported

for a limittd

Time.

Foreign Com,

&c. may be im-

ported, Duty

free;

and taken out

of Warehouses

for Home Con*

fumption.

Persons export-

ing Corn, fcc.

liable to Penal-

ties of

