A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 92.

159

CAP. XCII.

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

[22d June 1795-]

TX/HEREAS it is proper'to encourage the Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s European Subjectsin

the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for the Purpose of taking

Whales and other Creatures found in those Seas, by continuing the present Premiums, and bellowing them

V in a different Manner: And whereas it is of Importance that immediate Effect should be given to the said

‘ Premiums, for which Reason it is necessary to repeal the Laws by which the present Premiums are granted

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this A61, an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern IVhale Fishery\ and

also an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the

Southern IVhale Fishery; and for making further Provisions for that Purpose; and also every Act, and Part of

an Act, repealed by the said Acts, or either of them, shall be, and are Hereby repealed, except so far as re-

fards Ships or Vessels which have been or may be fitted and cleared out for the Purpose of carrying on such

ilhery before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under the Encourage-

ments given by the said Acts. . . ' -

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Premiums hereafter mentioned

shall be paid and allowed for three Years, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six, to twenty-eight Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations and

Restrictionsherein-after expressed; that is to say, every such Ship or Vessel shall appear by her Register to

be British-built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands

of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his Majesty’s Subjects usually redding in any of

the Dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein-after directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for fifteen of such Ships or Vessels

which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of Decern-

the Year fublequentto that in which they cleared out, to some Port of Great Britain, there shall be paid and

allowed three hundred Pounds to each of the five such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive

within the 'Limes herein-before mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken to-

gether, being not less in the Whole than twenty Lons in each of such Ships or Vessels, and being the Pro-

duce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, taken and killed by the Crews

of every such Ship or Vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred Pounds to each of

the five such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity

of such Oil or Head Matter taken together,being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship

or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as

aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred Pounds to each of the five such Ships or Vessels

and which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Mat-

ter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the

Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for five other of such Ships or Vessels,

which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the Times herein-before mentioned, and proceed

to trie Southward of the thirty-sixth Degiee of South Latitude, and shall there bond fide carry on the said

Fishery, and shall not return till after the Expiration of fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which

they cleared out, but before the thirty-first Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, to

Lmc Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or

Vessels which shall so fail and arrive, withfo the 'l imes herein-before last mentioned, with the greatest Quan-

tity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the

Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew

of such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That for eight other of such Ships or Vessels which shall be fitted and

cleared out, and shall fail within the 'Limes herein-before mentioned, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass

through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of four

Ifontns, to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, in those Seas, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain till

the Expiration of sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-

f.'ft Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed six hundred

Pounds to any one of such last mentioned Ships or Vessels, which shall so fail and arrive within the Times

herein la it-mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in

the Whole than thirty 'Lons, and beingthe Produce of any Whale or Whales, or-other Creatures living in

» taken and k,llccl ky the CVew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or

i and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred Pounds to each seven of such Ships or Vessels

! last

a 6 Geo. IU.

Cap. 50, and

28 Gto. 111.

Cap. 20, See.

repealed, ex-

cept as toVef-

fels cleared

out before

Nov. 1, 1795.

Premiums

granted for

three Years to

28 Ships fitted

out for the

Fishery s

Premiums ard

Conditions for

15 Ships *.

Premiums and

Conditions for

five other

Ships.

Premiums and

Conditions for

eight other

Ships.

\

