720

From April 5,

1798, (during

the present

War,) Salt, the

Produce of Por-

tugal, may be

imported in any

neutral Vessel,

on the likeCon-

ditions as for

Salt imported in

Ships belonging

to Portugal.

37 GEO. 3. c. 35.

38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

recited.

The Persons

hereinafter

named to be

additional

Commissioners

for putting in

Execution the

Land Tax A#s

of the last and

present Session.

r&e port. Cap.

48 J

Commissioners

for executing

former Land

Tax Acts,

omitted, or

others impro-

perly named

in 37 Geo. 3.

c. 35, who may

Jfavc a£Ld in

Execution of

the Land 'l ax

A£>s of thelall

and present

Srflion, shall be

indemnified.

c. a.

+ = 35*

C. 25, 26. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

§ - , V n

c limited Time, that the Importation of foreign Salt from Portugal should be permitted in any neutral

‘ Ships whatsoever Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andCoo-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, for and during the Continuance of the present War, it {hall and may be lawful to and for any Person

or Persons to import, or bring into this Kingdom, from Portugal, any Salt, ihe Produce or Manufadturc of

Portugal, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, that shall belong to the Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity

with his Majesty; and such Salt shall be imported upon Payment of the like Duties, and shall be subject to

the like Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Salt imported in Ships of the Built, or be-

longing to any of the Subjects of the Kingdom of Portugal \ any Thing in the before-mentioned Act, or

any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding. ' «

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed

by an Act, made in the last: Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made

in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land

Tax> to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named

in the fii ft-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament,

for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britaint for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight and for indem-

nifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for

granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land T ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.—[9th March 1798.]

4 f

WHEREAS several Mistakes were made in the naming of Commissioners appointed by an Act,made

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Ext-

4 cut ion an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, “ An Act for fronting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

44 Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven

4 which, if not rectified, may prejudice and obstruct the Public Service; and there may be Occfiaon toap-

4 point other Persons, together with those named in the said Act, to put in Execution the said Act of the

4 last Session of Parliament, and also an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting

4 an Aid to his Majesty by a Land 7ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety-eight be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Conlentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons hereinafter named shall

and may, and are hereby empowered and authorized, to put in Execution the said Acts, passed in the last

and this Session of Parliament, for granting Aids to his Majesty by a Land Tax; and all the Clauses,

Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in and for

the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, and Places of Great Britain, hereinafter (everajly

and respectively mentioned and expressed, as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the

said Act of the last Session of Parliament; the said Persons nevertheless having the Qualifications, and being

subject and liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said Act appointed and required; that is to say,

[Here follows the Lift of Names.] '

II. And whereas several Persons, named as Commissioners for executing former Acts for granting an Aid

4 to his Majesty by a Land Tax, may have been omitted to be named as Commissioners for executing the

4 said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

4 Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thoujandseven hundred and ninety-

4 seven, by the said other Act, made in the same Session f, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for

4 putting in Execution an Act of this Sejfionof Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for granting an Aid to his Aid*

4‘ jesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

44 and ninety -seven,” and others may have been improperly named therein: And whereas such Persons may

4 have acted, or may aft, as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Acts of the last and this Session of Par-

4 li ament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax: And it is expedient that such Persons fliou!d

4 be indemnified for such acting, and that all Acts by them done should be confirmed and made valid;’ be

it thereiore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts by them done shall be, and are hereby declared

to be valid, and that all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Proceedings what-

soever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason

of such acting, shall be made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted

or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such acting, such Person or Persons may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence.

2SL And

