A.D. 1798.’ Anno tricesimo o&av© Georgii III. C. 16.

in every Year, bveven and equal Portions; the first of the said Instalments to be paid within ten

Days from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the said

respective Commissioners shall issue out and deliver their Warrants to the respective Collectors for the

present Year, seven Days at lead before the first of the said Payments shall be due, for the collecting

and levying so much of the Rates and Duties as will become payable within ten Days from the

fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the said Commissioners {hall,

after the said fifth Day of Aprils yearly, during the Term herein mentioned, ifftie out and deliver to

the respective Collectors for the Time being, their Warrants for the speedy colleChng and levying the

said Rates and Duties as they shall become payable by Instalments within each Year, according to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, T hat the County, Parish, or Place for which any Persons shall

be employed to collect the additional Rates and Duties hereby granted, {hall be answerable for their

punctually paying unto the Receiver General, now, or for the Time being, such Money as they the

said Collectors {hall be charged with under this Act.

LXXV I. And be it further enacted, That such Persons as shall be nominated to be Collectors of

the said Duties now payable, shall, if required by the Churchwardens, or Overseers, or Guardians of

the Poor of any Description, or any two or more of them, or the Select Vestry, or any seven or more

of them, where a Select Vestry shall be authorized toad for any Parish or Parishes*, give good and

sufficient Security, equal to the Amount of one Instalmentof the whole Rate to be collected in each

District, for their duly paying to the Receiver General such Monies as {hall come to their Hands, at

such Times as are directed by this Act ; which Security the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Guar-

dians, or Vestry, respectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to take; and on Failure of the

Persons so named to be Collectors as before directed giving such Security, if required, the Commis-

sioners for executing this Act, or any two or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and are hereby au-

thorized to appoint any other two or more sufficient Persons, who can give such Security as aforesaid,

residing within the Limits and Bounds of the Parishes, Townships, Constablewicks, and Places,

where they shall be chargeable, to be named by such Churchwardens, Overseers, Guardians, or Vestry

as aforesaid, to be Collectors of the said additional Rates and Duties:. Provided always, that if no

Persons can be found within the several Pariflbes, TownQiips, Constablewicks, or Places respectively,

who are willing or able to give such Security, then and in such Cafe the Persons who were first named

by the said Commissioners shall be Collectors of the said additional Rates and Duties : Provided also,

that no Security or Receipt to be given in pursuance of this Act shall be charged or chargeable with

any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of the said additional Rates or

Duties hereby granted {hall, within seven Days after the respective Times hereby appointed for Pay-

ment of the several Instalments of the said additional Rates or Duties, pay into the Hands of the

Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, all the Monies then received on Account of those

respective Instalments, and {hall also from Time to Time pay any Arrears of the said respectiveL

Instalments, which he or they shall receive after the respective Times hereby appointed, to the said

Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, at such Times as the said Receiver General shall

appoint; and that the said several Collectors, paying the whole Sums by them collected within the

Times hereby appointed, shall have and receive, for their Pains in collecting and paying the Money,

such Sums as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Approbation of the Commissioners

of the Treasury, (due Regard being had to the Size of the District, and the Circumstances attending

the fame, together with the Amount of the Sums collected,) shall think fit, not in any Cafe exceeding

Three-pence in the Pound, which the said Collectors are hereby empowered to detain out of the last

Payment of their several and respective Payments in relped of each Instalment.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Affiffant Commissioners for

any Parish or Place, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing this Act within the

lame Division, or any two or more of them, such Approbation being testified by Writing under their

Hands and Seals, to employ a fit Person to be their Clerk, whose Duty shall be to receive and file all

Declarations delivered to the said Assistant Commissioners upon any Appeal under this Act, in order

that the fame may be returned to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and to enter the Names

of the Appellants in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, in the Order in which the

Appeals shall be made, and also to enter whether the Appellants respectively were sworn before the

said Commissioners, or prosecuted their Appeals by Affidavit, or by any other Person in their Behalf;,

and that the Commissioners for executing this Act within the same Division shall, on Receipt of such

Books with the due Entries therein, and the Declarations of all Appellants named therein, (which

Declarations, and also all Declarations received by the Commissioners for executing this Act, where

the said Commissioners shall act as Affiffant Commissioners, shall be carefully kept by the Clerks to

the said Commissioners for executing this Act,) make out a Certificate directed to the Commissioners

for the Affairs of Taxes, containing the Number of Appeals entered in such Books, and the Number

of Days such Clerk has been employed in his Attendance on the Affiffant Commissioners; and the said

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes {ball, on Receipt of such Certificates, settle and allow what Sums

should be paid to such Clerks for their Pains in writing and transcribing the said Books, and in keeping and

1 returning

7P3

Commissioners to issue War*

rants annually to the Collectors

to levy them.

Places for which Collectors are

employed to be answerable for

them.

Collectors, if required, to give

Security, or others may be ap-

pointed.

Sic 44.

If no Persons can be found to

give Security, those first named

by the Commissioners to be Col-

ledors

No Security or Rectipt to bt

chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Collectors to pay Duties re-

ceived to the Receivers General

within seven Days after each

Instalment is due; and Arrears

at-the Times appointed by the

Receiver: And on paying the

Whole collected, to have an

Allowance not exceeding 3d. iu

the £. to be deducted out of the

last Payment.

AlTiftanr Commissioners, with

Approbation of the Commis-

sioners, may employ a Clerk to-

make Entries in Books.

The Commissioners to certify

the Number of Appeals, and of.*i

Days the Clerk has been em-

ployed.

0

Commissioners for Taxes to set-

tle the Allowance to such

Clrrk, which the Receiver Gc*

rural shall pay.

