602

C. 102.

tricesimo sept

i

III.

A.D. 1797.

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer, and carried

to the Consoli-

dated Fund.

Application of

the Duties.

Duties, with

others granted

for the fame

Pujpofe, to be

kept separate.

Licences grant-

between

Dec. 1, 17961

and July 5,

1797, to cease

from the latter

Day, and on be-

ing delivered up

by 25 Juiy, a

Proportion of

the Duties to be

retumtd, if the

full Quantity of

Spirits specified

in recited Act

{hall not have

been distilled.

Stills within

certain Limits

to be licensed

for a Year, from

July 5,1797» on

Payment of 4I.

additional Duty;

Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or any other

Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force concerning Distilleries in Scotland, is directed or piescribed; and

that all the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and

Directions, mentioned and contained in the said Act or Acts respectively, (except as aforesaid,) shall be

practised and put in Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, securing, or paying, the Duties by this

Act imposed in Manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes* as

if the fame were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the

necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said

Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Dunes,

or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased

Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts

pafl', or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Conti-

nuance of this Act, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and

apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office

of the Auditor of the said Receipt a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties,

and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties

granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be

entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

upon any Account whatever. \ ' V

V. And be it further enacted, That all Licences granted fi nee the first Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, for the credting, keeping, and working Stills, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cease and determine, in and throughout all the Counties, and

Parts of Counties and Districts, in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

particularly described and specified as the Highlands of Scotland, save and except as to any Arrears of the said

Duties which may, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain in

Arrear and unuaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before that Day; and

all and every Person or PersonsTo licensed, who shall deliver up such Licence to be vacated before or on the

Expiration of twenty Days after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

(provided such Distiller or Distillers shall not have distilled the full Quantity of Spirits specified in the said

Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,) shall, upon the Delivery of such Licence

as aforesaid, be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty paid thereupon for the present Year, in propor-

tien to the Period of the Year then unexpired.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Stills so to be licensed to be set up in the Counties, Parts of

Counties, and Places, hereinafter mentioned and described, that is to say. In any Place which lies to the

Westward or Northward of a certain Line or Boundary, beginning at the East Point of Loch Crinan, and

proceeding from thence to Loch Gilpin; from thence along the great Road on the Weft Side of Loch

Fine, to Inverary, and to the Head oi Loch Fine*, from thence along the high Road to Arrochar, in the

County of Dunbarton, and from thence to Tarbet\ from Far bet in a supposed straight Line East ward, on

the North Side of the Mountain called Bcnlomond, to the Village of Callendar of Monteiih, in the County of

Perth; from thence North-eastward to Cricjf\ from thence Northward, along the Road by Amblerce and

Inver, to Dunkeld; from thence along the Foot and South Side of the Grampion Hills to Fetter Cairn, in the*

County of Kincardine; and from thence Northward, along the Road, by Cutties, Hillock, Kincardine,

O' Ned, Quit, Hunt'ey, and Keith, to Fochabars\ and from thence Westward, by jElgin and Forres, to

the Boat on the River Findhorn; and from thence down the kid River to the Sea of Findhorn, and any

Place in or Part of the County of Elgin, which lies to the Southward of the said Line from Fochabars to the

Sea at Findhorn, shall be licensed for the Term of one whole Year, from the said fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payment of the Composition or Licence Duty, at and after

the Rate oi four Pounds, in Addition to the Duties already imposed thereon by any Act or Acts in Force

on and immediately before the passing of this Act, for each Gallon Fnglish Wine Measure of the Content

or Capacity of such Still; and all Stills so to be licensed to be set up in any other Part of the said Highlands

of Scotland, as described in the said Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, except

the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall be

licensed for the like Term as aforesaid, on Payment of the Composition or Licence Duty, at and after the

Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings, in Addition to the said Duties already imposed thereon as afore-

said.

and within any

other Part 01 the

Highlands, de-

feribed in-

35Geo. j-c. 6r.

on Payment of

61 addi- u I I I I

tional Duty, for each Gallon of their Content?,

If Act thall not

continue in

Force a Year, a

Proportion of

the Duty to be

returned, tc.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if this Act shall not continue in Force during the

whole Period of the Y ear for which such Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, every Distiller so to be

licensed, shall be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty paid thereupon, in Proportion to the unexpired

Period of the Year for which such Licences shall be granted, remaining at the Expiration of this Act, pro-

vided such Distiller shall not have distilled the full Quantity of Spirits specified in this Act for which such Li-

cence Duty is hereby declared to be a Composition,

£ J > J. VIII. Provided

I

