686 C. io, ii, 12. ving Annoying tricesimo octavoGeorgii III. A.D. 1797*

Port in Grfat

Brita.n by Dec.

3l» .1797*

be imported

Duty free, if

proved to have

been ready for

seven hundred and ninety-seven, and it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs, or any three of them, that the lame had been completely laden and ready for Sea, if at any

Port in the Baltic Sea, on or before the twenty- first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, and if at any Port not in the Baltic Sea, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, then the fame may be imported without Payment of any Duty,

whatsoever. J

Sea at certain Periods.

During the Re-

ccfs of Parlia-

ment, his Ma-

jesty may fuf-

pend the Pro-

visions of this

Act

Act maybe al-

tered or repeal-

this Session.

Continuance of

Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty, at any Time during the Recess of Parliament,

shall judge it to be most for the benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom to suspend all or any of the Pro-

visions of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his

or their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty’s

Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, so to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to

be made in this present Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall continue in Force until the Expiration of six Weeks

from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. ’ • ■* ‘i&faBnH

• ' CAP. XL

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His

present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the

several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time ; and for re-

gulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.—[30th December 1797.]

CAP. XII.

37 C«o 3.

c. 103. recited.

• § 16.

Where the first

Meeting of

* Lieutenancy,

was not held on

the Day ap-

pointed by the

recited Act, it

may be held not

later than

March 1,1798.

• § T5* T7*

ftts Majesty, in

Council, may

An Act to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging, the Powers of an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raije and embody a Militia Force

in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.—[30th December 1797.]

* ¥ T 7 HERE AS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a

4 W Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the first MeetingLof his

1 Majesty’s Lieutenants and the Deputy Lieutenants of each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for carrying

* into Execution the said Act, was thereby • directed to be held on the first Day of August, in the Year one

* thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas his Majesty’s Lieutenants and Deputy Lieu-

4 tenants of certain Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places, in Scotland, have not met on the said first

4 Day of August, to carry the said Act into Execution, byreason whereof the said Militia have not yet been

f raised in ScotlandMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in every

County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in Scotland, where the first Meeting of Lieutenants and Deputy Lieu-

tenants was not held on the Day appointed by the said Act, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenants and Deputy

Lieutenants of the said Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places respectively, and they are hereby re-

quired to meet on the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to carry the

said Act into Execution; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, who shall attend such

Meeting, are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed -in the Execution of the said Act, in the like

Manner as they were directed to do, and might have done, on the said first Day of August one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven: Provided always, that if it shall happen that the Lieutenants and

Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which the said Act hath not been

carried into Execution, shall not hold their hrft Meeting on the said twelfth Day of February one'thou-

sand (even hundred and ninety eight, it shall be lawful for the said respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieu-

tenants to meet at any other Time afterwards, not later than the first Day of March one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-eight, and they are hereby respectively required, in case of such Failure, to meet at such

Time as they conveniently can, and so as the said Meeting be not unnecessarily postponed or later than

the said first Day ot March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and that the first Meeting to be

held on any of the Days before mentioned, and all other subsequent Meetings to be held in pursuance there-

of, and also all Proceedings and Acts to be had or done at the said several Meetings, or any of them, or in

pursuance o( Orders given at such Meeting, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the fame Meetings

had been held on the Days mentioned in the said Act, or authorized thereby, and the fame Proceedings and

Acts had been done at such Meetings, or in pursuance of Orders given at the fame.

II. 4 And whereas it is enacted by the said Act *, that the Number o( Private Men to be raised by the said

4 Act should be apportioned and divided over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, as his

14 1 Majesty,

