m\

i

If

I

f*

k m

i*

P

I

A.D. .1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 65.

Lamb, the Lid Mark in the Ear of which shall have been by him or her so cut out, altered, or destroyed,

and such Owner or Owners, for each and every Sheep and Lamb, not having the said Mark or Marks oh-

the Side or Sides thereof, immediately renewed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, on Conviction, any Sum

not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than two Shillings; and the Justice or Justices before whom such

Conviction be had, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause every such Mark so cut out,

altered, defaced, obliterated, or destroyed, to be immediately renewed, and the Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or

Lamb, to be detained and impounded until every such Mark shall have been renewed.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That if such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, so detained or im-

pounded, shall not be demanded and taken away by the Owner or Owners thereof within five Days after

the fame shall have been so marked as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or justices

of the Peace of the County, District, or Place, in which such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb, shall have

been so detained or impounded, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal*, to direct

the fame to be (old, and the Money arising by such Sale, after deducing the Costs, Charges, and Expences

of taking, driving, keeping, detaining, impounding, and marking the fame, shall be paid to the Overseer

or Overseers of the Poor of th£ Parish, Hamlet, or Place where such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep or Lamb,

shall have been so detained or impounded; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Sheep or Lambs, Sheep

or Lamb, shall not claim such Money within twelve Calendar Months after such Payment, the fame shall be

applied in Aid of the Poor Rate of such Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence

against the fame, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Of-

fence shall be committed, rendering the Overplus of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale (if any)

upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making

such Distress and Sale; which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Con-

viction of the Offender or Offenders, by Confession or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness

or Witnesses; and one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid to the In-

former, and the other Moiety to the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Township where the Offence

shall be committed, to be applied by him or them in Aid of the Poor Rate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence

or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Adjudication for the

marking of Sheep or Lambs made, the Form of Conviction, and the Form of Adjudication for the markihg

of any Sheep or Lambs, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

. . t>E it remembered. That on this Day of

to wit. > -O Qf the Reign of A. B. is convicted before

of the Peace for the

of

in the ' Year

of his Majesty’s Justices

by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty eighth Year

I 1 1 r f / i v 0 % m I i f t j%

827

If Sheep be not

demanded with-

in five Days

after they are

marked, they

may be fold, and-

the Produce

paid to the

Overfetrs of the

Poor, and if not

claimed in ia

Months,applied'

in Aid of the

Poor Rate.

Penalties may

be levied by.

Penalties, Half

to Informer and

Half to

Forms of

k.

A

r

'i

ii

*1

(0 I

uu ttAJjUUgv. IIIU* v 9 tiiviu j avis IVJ ly iv/i vi iv iuuiv *«aw wuiaj

4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

my

the Peace for the of

in the Parish of

The FORM of ADJUDICATION.

this Day of

unto of his Majesty’s Justices of

respecting certain Sheep [and Lambs] detained [$r, impounded] in

in the said County, by virtue of a Warrant under our Hands and Seals

JTjPON the Report upon the Oath [or> Oaths] of

in the Year of our Lord made un

ar, my Hand and Seal] do hereby adjudge that such Sheep [and Lambs] belonging to A. B.

. or* the Owner or Owners thereof being unknown] appearing to me [$r, us] to be infected with the Scab

or Mange [or, having within the Space of Months, immediately previous to the Date hereof, been

infected with the Scab or Mange] be marked forthwith according to the Directions of an Act, made in

the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here Jet forth the Title of the A&\%

Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person dr Persons shall think himself, herself, or

themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done by or in pursuance of this A cl, such Person or Persons may ap-

peal to the Justices of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place

where such Matter of Appeal shall arile, next after the Expiration of four Calendar Months-from the Time

such Matter of Appeal mail have arisen, and the Justices in such Sessions are hereby authorized and required

to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination

therein, and to award such Costs as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding,

and conclusive to all Parties, and to all Intents ana Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to

be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the

5O2 . Summons,

Adjudication;.

Persons -ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

<£uanerSession:i

Distress r.ot

deemed unlaw.

ful on account

of Want of

Form in Pro-

ceedings, &C.

9

