, f

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 127—134.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Demise of any such his

Majesty’s Heir or Successor within the said Period of six Months, limited for the Duration of the said last

preceding Parliament, and before the fame shall have been dissolved by such his Majesty’s Heir or Stic-

cessor, or after the fame shall have been so dissolved, and before a new Parliament shall have met in the

Manner hereinafter provided, then, and in every such Cafe, the said last preceding Parliament shall imme-

diately convene and fit, and continue to be a Parliament, to all Intents and Purposes, for and during fix

Months longer, to be computed from and immediately after such Jaft-mentioned Demise, but subject to be

sooner prorogued or dissolved by the Person who shall then succeed as aforesaid to the Crown of this Realm

of Great Britain, and so as often as any such Demise shall happen before a new Parliament shall have met in

Manner hereinafter provided. shall have been dissolved, and before a new one

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Demise of his Majesty, his

Heirs or Succtflbrs, on the Day appointed by the Writs of Summons for calling and assembling a new Par-

liament, or at any Time after such Day so appointed, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat

such new Parliament shall, immediately after such Demise, convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parlia-

ment, to all Intents and Purposes, to continue for and during the Term of six Months, and no longer, but

subject to be sooner prorogued or dissolved as aforesaid. . *■«-». — «-•-—

663

and so In case

of the Demise

of a Successor

to the Crown

Within fix

Months after

his Succtflion,

without his

having dissolved

the Parliament,

or after the fame

shall have met;

In case of the

King’s Demise

on or after the

Day appointed

for the aflem-

bling a new

Parliament, such new Parliament to meet and fit.

M A

tt

U

SET' cap. cxxviii.

n Act for assessing the Commissioners of the Tax Office, and their Officers, to the Land Tax, in the

District called Offices executed in Westminster Hall\ notwithstanding the Removal of the said Tax Office

into Somerset Place.—[191(1^1797.]

Land Tax Act of this Session (c. 2.) recited. Commissioners and Officers of the Tax Office to be assessed

in the District of Westminster Hall. Proportionate Part to be paid to the Collectors of the Duchy Li-

berty. Previous Assessmen*" u~n —a ^ ’ r .

<c deemed invalid.

yj r r ^ v vi viiv uvii v

Assessments in the District of Westminster Hall, and those made in the Duchy Liberty,

This Act shall not make any Person assessable who was not so before. Public Act.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in

the County of Dorset, with Water.—[19th July 1797.]

fcKaRl c A P* cxxx-

An Act for discontinuir]g the New Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts

relating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a Debt accrued on account thereof; and for

making Reparation for certain Lolles; and for the Improvement of the Old Harbour of Rye.

. . [‘9th July 1797-]

CAP. CXXXI.

7 Geo. t. c. 9.

9 Geo. 1. c. 30.

‘loGeo. 1. c. 7.

ji Geo. 2. c. 7.

Geo. 85.

4 Geo. 3. c. 72. 18Geo. 3. c. 32. all repealed.

An Act

Southamp

p he ivioerties or the i own anu bounty

thence to TitchfieLd in the said County of Southampton.

within

'hi

e Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the said Bridge, and from-

.............................. “['9^ .797*3

Hk#' CAP. cXXXII.

An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats in the County of

dyr-—[19th July 1797.]

CAP. CXXXIII. 1" '

' _ f I

An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited at

his Gallery, in Fleet Street, by way of Chance.—[19th July 1797.]

J a i

Irl t cap. cxxxi

1 *

An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Horles kept and used

for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[20th July 1797.]

I A

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

a mumbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, and

making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto

your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do rnoft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

t Authority

