644

carter, to ex-

tend to his

Deputies.

Frtarcs of

Debtors, t!io*

not inftrted in

Schedule#, to

he verted in the

C.'trk of the

P c<i»c*

Hoi lers of Se-

curities, w,ih-

out Consider-

ation given, not

entitled to any

Bt refit.

Estates to vert

» the Clerk of

the Peace and

ins Succcllors.

No Suit in

Equity to be

commenced

v^thout Con-

, sent of the Ma-

jority in Value

of Creditors.

Schedules to be

produced by

Clerks of the

Peace to Cre-

ditor? ,

/and figrcd

Copies to be

Evidence.

"Clerk of the

Peace refuting

to produce

Schedules, dec.

to forfeit lol.

with Treble

Celts#

Application of

she Penalty.

_ • _

C. 112# Anno triedimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797*

4 of Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster being held by Letters Patent from his Majesty, with

4 the Power of executing the fame by Deputy or Deputies) ;* be it further enacted and declared. That all Con-

veyances and Alignments of the Effate and EfFedls of any Debtor or Debtors, and all other Acts, Deeds,

Matters, and Things, which shall be done, exercised, or performed, in the Execution of this Act, by any

Deputy or Deputies of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lanca/ler, or by the Person or

Persons who, for the Time being, shall exercise and perform the Trulls and Duties of the said Office within

and for the said County Palatine, shall be of the fame Force, Validity# and EfTe£t, in the Law, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if the fame had been done, executed, and performed, by the Clerk of the Peace for the said

County Palatine of Lnncaster for the Time being. u

XV. 4 And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omif-

4 fion in the Schedule not containing the Whole of the Efface, Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who.

4 shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this A£T,’ be it enacted, l^hat all the Effate,

whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor oibDebtors, and of whicl^he, she, or they (hah

be actually possessed or entitled unto at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be

Part of the Effate contained in such Schedule, though not inferred therein, and shall in like Manner become

veffed in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as such, to all Intents and Purposes, ar

if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had bsen delivered into the Court according to the Di-

rections of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it ervacled. That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such

Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Effate of

such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justices at

some General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the fame bond

fide and for good or valuable Consideration.

XV JI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Cleric of the

Peace, T*own Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Effate, Right,.

Title, Intercff, or Truss, of any Debtor or Debtors shall have, veffed by the Authority of this-Avfl, every

such Effate, Right, Title, Interest, and Truss, shall become veffed in the Successor or Successors to every

such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respective-

ly, as the Cafe may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this A&.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any

Assignee or Assignecs of any such Debtor's Effate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in

Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given, at lead ten

Days before such Meeting, in the London Gazette, or other Newspaper which shall be publishedin the Neigh-

bourhood of the I aft Residence of such Debtor or Debtors, for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer a£tine as Clerk the Peace, for every respective County, City, and County Town, and

County Riding, Divihon, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedule of the Effates of any

Insolvent Debtor or Debtors shall be left, and his Successors, Clerics of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other

Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Cre-

ditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or

Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day Time, the Schedule of the Effate of any such Insolvent Debtor

or Debtors, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting

as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such

Schedule paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the

Peace, in whose Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble

in searching for and looking out such Schedule, and attending whilst the fame shall be perused by the Party

requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame; and that a true Copy of every such Schedule,

ligned by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose

Custody the fame shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the fame to be a true Copy of such .Schedule, without

being wrote on stamjied Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet,

each Sheet containing (eventy-two Words, and so in proportion for a lets Number of Words, shall, at all

Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the fame ; and if any Clerk of the Peace,

or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer a£ling as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as

aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their

Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the fame to be inspectcd as aforesaid in the

Day Time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him, or shall ask or take mora

than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in pro-

portion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any

such Schedule on beinj* requested as aforesaid so to make the fame, and having the Money tendered to him

for Payment of such Copy after the Rate aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of ten Pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at

Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall

prosecute for the fame, and one Moiety of which Sum forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who

prosecuted for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall

be committed#

5* XX. Provided

