xxxiv The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

# 24. An Act fcr naturalizing Bagelmann, John Siffken,

ami George Lewis Christian Tatter.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Pafiurc, and all other

unenclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sway-

'field, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open

Land called The Inter common, within, or belonging to,

the said Parish of Sway fields and to the Parish of Corby, in

the said County.

26. An-Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Walle Lands, and

Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campton cum

Shefford, in the County of Bedford.

27. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open Fields,

and Meadow and Pnlture Ground, and several Moois or

Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in

the County of York.

28. An Act for naturalizing Henry IVienholt-

29. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puriton, in

the County of Someifet.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Conunonable Lands and fields, within the Parish of

Huish Fpifcopi, in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act fcr dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and im-

proving, the Open and Commonable Arable La rids,

within the Parish of Othery, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act to enable Denny Alartin, Doctor in Divinity,

to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Fairfax,

Eurfuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Thomas

,ord Fairfax, deceased.

-34. An Act for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquifi.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish

of Tring, in the County of Hertford.

.36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Earning-

ham, in the County of Suffolk.

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Arable

Lands,, Intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Acte, in the County of

Norfolk.

38. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of

Hitcham, in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his

Glebe Lands there for other Lands, in the same Parish,

belonging to the Right Honourable William IVyndham

Lord Grenville.

39. An Act to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, to

make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act

of the third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle

and Manor of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and cer-

tain other Estates in the said Act mentioned.

40. An Act for the Enfranchifcment of Copyhold and

Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel\ and

other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the

third of Charles the P'irft, and for the Sale of Tythes, also

entailed by the said Act.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

JMoors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Town-

ships of Sawley and JVinkfiey, in the Parish of Rip on, in

the County of York*

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon and Waste Lands, within the Parish of IV'ing, in the

County of Buckingham.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain

Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waite Ground,

called Halton Moor, within and Pared of the Manor of

Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine cf

Lancaster. '

44. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Tradlsor

Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within

and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the

County Palatine of Lancaster.

45. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open

Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ft wall, in the

County of Derby.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining to, the

Township or Parish of Cheivton Mend ip, in the County of

Somerset.

47. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Tract or

Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, called

Over Kellct Aloor, within and Parcel of the Manor or

Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the

• Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields

and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the

several Parishes of Rotherham and Thrybsrgh, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pa-

rifli of Thornborough, in the County of Buckingham.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Comrpou

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands

and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tythings

of Allcannings and Aldington, in the County of llrilts.

5r. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Whole

Year Lands, Common Fields, Ha f Year or Shack Lands,

Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and

other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish

of Saham Tone, in the County of Norfolk.

32. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of IVingravc with Roiufham, in

the County of Buckingham•

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Alary, in the Town

of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

54. An Act for dividing and %enclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-

rifhes of U’gejball, Frcfienden, and South Cove, in tile

County of Suffolk.

55. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa-

ri flies of Softerly, Henflead with Hulvcrjircet, and lVren~

tham, in the County of Suffolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of

Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com-

»’• ( mon

2

