A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 106, 107.

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present

Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of

railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his

Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the said Duties,

or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose

of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or

Acts passed in this Section of Parliament *, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next

ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue ;

and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Pe-

riod of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into the

said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted or to be

granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be

entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

upon any Account whatever*

CAP. CVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Male Servants;

‘ [19th July 1797.]

‘ Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

c VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily relolved to give and grant unto

your Majesty the additional Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that

€ it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain^ the several Duties following 3 that is to

fey> N

That every Person who shall retain or employ two Male Servants, and no more, within the Kingdom of

Great Britain, fox or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is payable by virtue of an Act passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be charged with an additional yearly Duty of

7 ten Shillings for each of such Servants:

That every Person who shall retain or employ three such Male Servants, or four Male Servants,

and no more, shall be charged with an additional yearly Duty of fifteen Shillings for each such Ser-

vant:

That every. Person who shall retain or employ more than four such Male Servants, shall be charged with

an additional yearly Duty of one Pound for each such Servant.

II. And be it enacted, That the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall be paid over and

above and in addition to the Rates and Duties on Male Servants granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in Force on and immediately before the

parting of this Act. < A

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties by this Act imposed shall respectively be

(ubjeft and liable to an additional Duty, after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the

Produce and Amount contained in any Assessment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better asserting, levying, collecting, and paying, the said act-

ditional Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be

appointed, for putting in Execution the several Acts relative to the present Duties on Male Servants, or any

other Duties placed Under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Com-

missioners for executing this present Act with relation to the aforesaid Duties, and the-Powers herein con-

tained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque

Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Survey-

ors, Inspectprs, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed, shall be Sur-

veyors, Inspectprs, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act,.according to the respective

Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commis-

(Ioners and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts

as before mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necef-

fary for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the

like and in as lull and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the

several Acts relative to the several Rates and Duties on Male Servants, or any Matters or Things therein

respectively contained*

I - V.And

621

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

Duties, which,

for ten Years,

shall,with other*

granted for the

fame Purpose,

be kept separate

from all other.

Monies.

Additional Du»

ties to be paid

for Male Ser-

vants chargeable

under*5 Geo. 3*

c. 43.:

For two, 1 os.

each}

For three or

four, 15s. cachs

For more than

four, tl. each.

Duties to be in

Addition to

former Duties,

and liable to 20I.

perCent. on the

Amount.

Commissioners

for Taxes,

to put this Act

in Execution.

