A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 60.

815

,1

U

I?

i

k

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties imposed on Malt, by an Act made in the

twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; on Sugar, by three Acts of the twenty-seventh,

thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise on

’Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall

continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of Adarch one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and

no longer, but {hall from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to Arrears due, or to grow due, unless

the fame shall be specially continued by Parliament. , _ r _ , ^

' 3 1 of Excise on Tobacco, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. to determine from March 25, 1799.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money arising from the Produce of the Duty ProduceofLand

by this Act made perpetual as aforesaid, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in any Year

alter the said. twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall from Time to

Time be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Duties on Malt

by 27 Geo. 3.

c. 13; on Sugar

by 27 Geo. 3.

c.13. 34 Geo. j«

c. 4. and 37

Geo. 3. c. 15.

and the Duties

CX. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into with the said Commissioners specially to

be appointed by virtue of this Act, nor any Certificate or Receipt given under and by virtue of this Act, nor

any Alignment thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

under

Tax after March

a5» *799*

make Part of

theConfolidaicd-

Fund.

No Con traits,

Receipts, Cer-

tificates, or

Assignments,

Alt, liable to Stamp Dut/^.

CXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Notice, required to be given by Notices under

this Act, cannot be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom such Notice is directed, it shall be sufficient !^‘s A<a ma/

for the Party obliged to give such Notice, to leave the fame at the last most usual Place of Abode of the Per- p u B r

son or Persons to whom such Notice is to be given, if such Person shall be in Great Britain 3 or if such Per- Cr if they°areS

son shall be beyond the Seas, then to publish the fame in the London Gazette. abroad, pub-

in the Gazette*

Lands fold un-

der this Alt,

exempted iron*.

Duty on

A unions.

Treasury may

pay Salaries and

Expences under

this Alt out of

annualSupplies,

not exceeding

3d. in the

Pound to Com

missioners, on

Land Tax fold.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the Manors, Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which shall be sold by Audlion according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be exempt from any Duty pay-

able on Sales by Audlions. . ii-

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to

order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted, or

to be granted, by Parliament for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the

Payment of Salaries to Commissioners. Clerks, and Officers, and for discharging such incidental Expences

as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners, or

any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, {hall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable

in that Behalf: Provided always, That no greater Sum {hall be paid to the Commissioners specially to be

appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for any County, Rtding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port,.

Town, or Place, than after the Rate of Three-pence in the Pound on the Amount of the Land Tax sold by

them, to be applied and paid to and amongst them in equal Proportions: Provided also, That an Account

of all such Expences {hall be annually laid before Parliament: Provided also, That such Expences shall not

be liable to account, otherwise than before the said Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High

Treasurer. . # r'

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two of the Commissioners

for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things

which by this Act the Commissioners for the Redudlioaof the National Debt are required and empowered

to do.

Account of

Expences to be

laid before Par-

liament.

Two Commis-

sioners for re-

ducing the Na-

tional Debt,

sufficient for

Execution of this Alt.

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission from his Ma-

jesty in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax, in any County, Riding, Stew-

artry, City, Borough, Cinque Port* Towns or Place, shall not vacate the Seat of any Person returned to

serve in Parliament, nor {hall the Election of any Person who shall have accepted such Commission, be in

any Manner impeached thereby or made void; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding. ",

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be sued for by the Party ag-

grieved by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for by Action of Debt or on the Cafe in any of his Ma-

n O______-T T —... I M L I* ,] o h/\l rl 1 n cr Pl^ic t r% fho A m r\i mr nf fArfrtr Ckillinnc

other than to the Party aggrieved, shall, if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time

of such Penalties 01 Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty,. his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons* who shall inform or sue for the same

within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at

lyeflminster, for Offendes committed in England, or in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland for

Offences committed in Scotland, by Adlionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pro-

3> traoa*

Acceptance of

Commissions

under this Alt

not to vacate

Seats in Parliament.

Penalties

Parties ag-

grieved, where

to be sued for.

Costs to Plain-

tiffs.

Other Penaltier

to be sued for in.

six Months,

Half to the

Crown, and

Half to the In*.

former.

9

