A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 63.

Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barretry of the Matter and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lottes,

and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and

Merchandizes, or any Part thereof: And in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the

Attureds, their Factors, Servants, and Attigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence,

Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, or any Part thereof, without Prejudice to

this Insurance, to the Charges whereof we the Atturers will contribute each one according to the Rate and

Quantity of his Sum herein allured : And it is agreed by us the Insurers, that this Writing or Policy of

Atturance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing or Policy of Atturance heretofore made

in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London : And so we the Atturers are con-

tented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own Part, our Heirs, Executors, and

Goods, to the Attureds, their Executors, Administrators, and Attigns, for the true Performance of the

Premiles, confessing ourselves paid the Consideration due unto us for this Atturance by the Allured

at ana after the Rate of In Witness whereof we the

Atturers have subscribed our Names and Sums assured in London.

LL B. Corn, Fish, Salt, Fruit, Flour, and Seed, are warranted free from Average, unless general,

or the Ship be ttranded ;—Sugar, Tobacco, Hemp, Flax, Hides, and Skins, are warranted

free from Average under five Pounds per Cent.; and all other Goods free from Average under

three Pounds per Cent. unless general, or the Ship be ttranded.

Dajof

COO Ir \

S.G. I *N the Name of God, Amen. as well in

> own Name, as for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Person or Persons to

Jwhom the fame doth, may, or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Atturance, and

cause and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not

loft, at and from upon any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes, and also upon the

Body, 7'ackle, Apparel, .Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, and other Furniture, of and in the good

Ship or V’eflel called The whereof is Matter, under God, for this present Voyage

or whosoever else shall go for Matter in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame

Ship, or the Matter thereof, is or shall be named or called : Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods

and Merchandizes from the loading thereof aboard the said Ship upon the said Ship, etc.

and so shall continue and endure during her Abode there, upon the said Ship, etc.; and

further, until the said Ship, with all her Ordnance, Tackle, Apparel, etc. and Goods and Merchandizes

whatsoever, shall be arrived at uoon the said Ship, etc. until (he hath moored

at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety, and upon the Goods and Merchandizes until the fame be

there discharged and safely landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship, etc. in this Voyage, to proceed

and fail to and touch and stay at any Ports or Places whatsoever without Preju-

dice to this Insurance; the said Ship, etc. Goods and Merchandizes, etc. for so much as concerns the

Attureds, by Agreement between the Attureds and Atturers, in this Policy, are and shall be valued at

Touching the Adventures and Perils which we the Atturers are contented

to bear and do take upon us in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Mem of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates,

Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests,

Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality

soever, Barretry of the Matter and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lottes, and Misfortunes, that have

or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. or

any Part thereof; and in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Attureds, their Fadtors,

Servants, and Attigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about,the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery,

of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship, etc. or any Part thereof, without Prejudice to this Infuranre,

to the Charges whereof we the Atturers will contribute each one according to the Rate and Quantity of his

Sum herein allured: And it is agreed by us the Insurers that this Writing or Policy of Atturance shall be of

as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing or Policy of Atturance heretofore made in Lombard' Street,

or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London : And so we the^ Atturers are contented, and do hereby

promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own Part, our Heirs, Executors, and Goods, to the Attureds,

their Executors, Administrators, and Attigns, for the,true Performance of the Premiles, confessing our-

selves paid the Consideration due unto us for this Atturance by the Assured - at and

after the Rate of In Witness whereof wc the Atturers have subscribed

our Names and Sums assured in London.

k, Flour, and Seed, are warranted free from Average, unless general,

or the Ship be ttranded :—Sugar, Tobacco, Hemp, Flax, Hides, and Skins, are warranted free

1 ^ ^ v x ® / ^ ' « 11 1 1 1 r ft p 1 f * • 1

t, arc

randed.

•jg

ur

