88

6 Geo. in.

Cap. z3, so far

as relates to

prohibiting the

Importation of

Foreign

Wrought Silks

and Velvets,

continued to

June 14, 1802,

£cc.

26 Geo. III.

Cap. 89, ex-

tending to other

Tools and

Uterrfils 25

Geo. III. Cap.

€7, made per-

petual.

C. 39—44. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation cf Foreign Wrought Sills and

Velvets for a limited "Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk

Manufacture \ which was to continue in force for the Term of five Years, from the fourteenth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament j and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign

of his present Majesty, was further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act, so

far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was, by two Acts,

made in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued

until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the

fourteenth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament. ?

IV. And whereas an Act was made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and UtenJ'tls, an Act made in the twenty-fifth

4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of

4 Tools and Utensils made u[e of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the

4 Jeducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas j” which

4 was to continue in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by

4 several Acts of Parliament passed in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first,

4 thirty-second, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts,

the said Act was continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Ad has

4 been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual Be it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act shall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works, in

the County of Pembroke.—[28th April 1795*] ,

*4 Drawback to be allowed of Duties paid for Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works. Drawback

u not to exceed i,oooo/. in one Year.” A '«*

3 ’; CAP. XL.

An Acto enable His Majesty to grant to the Right Honourable John Earl of Upper OJfory in the Kingdom

of Ireland, Baron Upper OJfory, of Ampthill, in the County of Beaford, his Heirs and Assigns , in Fee

Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining m His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or

Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Re-

version of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton, to which

the said Earl of Upper OJj'ory is entitled for three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty, upon a

full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame. [28th April 1795.]

V . CAP. XLI. > ' J

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious,

the Harbour of Aberdeen for eroding New Piers and Qiays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels

trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour. [28th April 1795. J

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the First, in the seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth

Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, vended or sold within the Town of Montrose

and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with Ffefh Water, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned. .* , , [28th April 1795.3

CAP. XLIII. '* '

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Precind of Noriuood, in the

County of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said County. [28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLIV. , 1

An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present

Navigation in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Pen-

nington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County. [28th April 1795.]

CAP

