69

A.D. 1795. Anno tficefimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 29.

For the County of TWzioun, forty-nine.

For the Burgh of IViztoun, two.

For the Burgh of JVhitehorn, one.

For the Burgh of New Gallaway, one:

For the Burgh of Stranraer, four.

And

II. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Com-

missioners for executing the Office of Lord H gh Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, and thdy

are hereby required to constitute and appoint so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied

under the Authority of this A<Sl for his Majesty's Service, as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary,

who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish convenient Places of Rendezvous for the Reception of

such Men; and every Man so to be levied shall, before his Inrolment, be examined by one such Regulating

Officer at the Icaff, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer shall have the full Power

of approving or of rejecting any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul

and Superintendanee as by this Act is particularly directed.

III. And be it ejiadlcd by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Peace of the said several Coun-

ties and Stevvartries in Scotland (excepting the Counties of Invernrfs, Ro/s, Cromarty, Sutherland, and

Caithness, and the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland) shall, within fifteen Days after the Daffing of this Act,

and the Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties of Inverness, Refs, Cromarty, Sutherland^ and Caithness,

and of the said Stewartry of Oikney and Zetland, shall, within twenty-five Days after the passing of this

Act, or sooner if it can be done, cause an Advertisement to be published in Tome one Newspaper published

or usualiy circulated within the County, funvnoning the Justices of the Peace of the said different Counties

and Stewar.ries to meet in General Session upon a Day to be mentioned in such Advertisement, and at the

usual Place where the Justices^of each County severally are accustomed to meet; and the Justices, when

ailembled at such Meeting, shall proceed todiffmguish and ascertain the valued Relit of the different Parishes

within the County or Stewartry, and apportion the Number of Men to be raised for each County or

Stewartry upon the several Fanllies, according to the Proportion which the Valuation of such Parish bears

to the total Valuation of the County; ants the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn till the Duty in-

cumbent on them by this Act is fully discharged, (0 as such Adjournment shall only be from Day to D

Sundays excepted. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after making such Apportionment in each Shire or

Stewartry, the Justices of the Peace in and for the fame shall cause their Clerk to transmit to the Ministers of

prehended within the Royal Burghs

P ......  ‘

Qi

vice after receiving the fafhe, requiring the Heritors of the Parish to meet, by themselves or Agents, with n

five Days from the Time of the intimation being so made at the Parish Church or Manse of the said Parish ;

and the Heritors, or their said Agents, shall meet accordingly, and at such Meeting shall direct such Measures

to be taken as to them shall seem most expedient to procure the Number of Men apportioned on the Parish,

by the Payment of Bounty Money, and to have the Men procured delivered over to the Regulating Officer

appointed to pass and receive them, within ten Days after the Meeting; and in case the said Number of Days

shall elapse withouc the Quota of \Ien apportioned upon the Parish being produced, delivered over, and pall-

, then the Heritors of such Parish shall be liable, in the fuss Inffance, to pay unto the Collector of the Cess

for the County or Stewartry within which the Parish is situated,a Sum of Money equal to twenty-five Pounds

Sterling for each Man of the Quota required from the Parish deficient, such Deficiency being certified under

the Hand of the Regulating Officer of the Diffiicl, and Conies of his Certificate delivered to the Minister of

the Parish, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry in which the Parish is situated; and in

case the said Heritors shall fail to make such Payment within the Time above mentioned, then the Justices of

tnc Peace of the County or Stewartry shall immediately assess the Parish in the Sum due for its Deficiency

at the Rate aforesaid, according to the valued Relit of the Parish, ascertained by them in Manner aforesaid,

and shall order the Collector of the Land Tax for such County or Stewartry, and he is hereby authorized

and required, without Loss of l ime; to recover the fame from the Heritors of such Parish, in the fame Man-

ner, and by the fame Means, as he is empowered by Law to recover and render the Land 'Pax effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounty Monies to Men procured by the He-

ritors of the several Parishes shall, in the lirff Place, be provided and paid by the said Heritors, and an Account

kept thereof, and at the Elapse of the Time before mentioned, when the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each

Man then deficient is appointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray the Expence of the

Bounties to be given to the said Men, it shall be lawful to the Heritors in the said Parishes, or such of them

as have advanced the Bouqty Monies, or to any Person authorized by them, to raise a Sum eciual to the

Whole of the Money so ad>anced and paid by them upon the Parish, agreeably to the Act of the Parliament

of Scotland which was passed in the Reign of Charles the Second, in the Year one thousand six hundred and

fivty-three. Chapter sixteen, and the Proclamations of the Privy Council of Scotland in the Reign of King

IVuliam, ratified by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the fame Reign, first Sep-

tember one thousand six hundred and ninety eight. Chapter twenty-first.

VJ. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Cafe aforesaid of the Number of Men al-

lotted to any Parish not being raised and delivered over as above directed within the Time before limited, and

the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each deficient Man being raised from the Heritors as before directed,

then the Heritors paying shall be, ayd they are hereby authorized to assess the Tenants, Inhabitants, and

^ Pofiefiors

Admiralty to

appoint Ofiicen

to regulate the

Adiniflion of

Men.

Clerks of the

Peace to fumr

mon a General

Strflion of the

Justices.

Session to as-

certain the

Rem of Pa-

rilhes, and ap-

portion the

Number of Men

to be raised lor

each County.

Justices to

cause their

Clerks to

transmit to MI-

nirters an In-

timation to be

read from the

Pulpit, requi-

ring Heritors

to meet to di-

red Measures

for procuring

Men, &c.

Heritors to pay

25 I. for each

Man deficient

oCQuota, Sec.;

and if not paid,

the Justices to

assess the Pariftu

for De ficien-

cies, Sec

Bounties to be

p tid by the

Heritors, who

ma/ raise the

Amount on

the Parishes

agreeable to-

Act 1663, Cap.

16, Sec.

Heritors paying

for deficient

Men ma/ assess

Inhabitants, Arc,

in a Moiety of

tho Sum.

