C. io

29

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

4 quired by the said Ac* to be raised to serve in his Majesty’s Navy at the said Port of

4 do, by this our Instru nent, certify the fame to be in Discharge of the several Ships or Vessels belong-

4 ing to the said Port of

Numbers of the Certificates. Names of Men. Ages Callings* Places of Birth, or lawful Settlement. Capacities, whether as Seamen or Landmen. • Bounty settled by Commissioners.

Sum paid 1 Sum due. on Inrol- 1 ment. 1 Total.

A

4 For the Port of

1 (No* ) . ..

4 In pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, [Here

4Jet forth the Title of the We the underwritten, being of the Commissioners

4 ailing under the Authority of the said Act, do certify, that the Person herein-after described hath vo-

4 luntarily agreed to enter into his Majesty’s Navy.

Name of the Man in rolled. Age. Calling. Place of Birth, or lawful Settlement. Capacity, whether Seaman or Landman.

4 And we do further certity, That the Amount of the Bounty settled by us to be given to the Person

4 before described is of lawful Money of Great Britain \ [and if any Sum is to be Paid

4 to him on InrolmenU and as follows] and we do hereby direct, that the Sum of Part

4 thereof, shall be paid to the said far, to the Wife, Child, Father, or Mother, at his

4 Requeff\ at the Time of his Inrolment, for which Sum we have directed our Draft [Bill or Order]

4 to the Collector [or other principal Officer] of the Customs at the Port of

4 Dated this Day of

} Commissioners,

CAP. X.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and

Sweets.—[16th March 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

^laflembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charges

occ-fioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Pur-

ple to be passed in ,this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

n unto

