C. 75—80. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

c a p. lxxv. ' ' . . s

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets,

Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for

removing and preventing Nui&nces, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

v % [19th May 1795.]

.'CAP. LXXVI.

\M -

An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and

other Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Royalty there-

of; for the better (applying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all

Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Royalty.—[19th May 1795. J

CAP. LXXVIL

w I

An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens,

called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoin-

ing or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the fame to Sea, by the Har-

bour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River

Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Pafifh of JViggenhall Saint Mary, in the said

County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the

several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.—[19th May 1795*J v

CAP- LXXV III.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdicy, in the County of Worcester, and for open-

ing convenient Avenues thereto.—[19th May 1795.J

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for building a Bridge aver the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the

County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the High Street and

the Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuifances\

‘ Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, so far as the fame relates to widening some Part of the

High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing

Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town.—[19th May 1795.J

CAP. LXXX.

% m — J % M $4 1 # V w ft + I ' f ./ w m

An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom

to take the Benefit of His Majesty’s Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty-first

Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and to provide for the

Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in* or brought into, the Ports of this

Kingdom.—[22d May 1795.] Y-*

4 \ /[/PEREAS by an Act, oaffed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rendering

4 Vy effectual his Majesty's Orders in Council of the sixteenth and twenty first Days of January one thou-

4 fandseven hundred and ninety five, respecting the Adniifjton of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the

1 Ports of this Country to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have aft' in consequence of

4 such Orders; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Per-

4 fons to import or bring into any of the Ports of this Kingdom any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize and

4 Effects whatsoever, belonging to any of the Subjects of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, be-

4 fore the nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any

4 Subject of his Majesty, or to any Subject of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, coming from any

4 Part of thz United Provinces, and also any like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, from any

4 Part of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, m Amity with his Majesty, in Vessels belonging to any Sub-

4 ieft of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the ninteenth Day of January last, were In-

4 habitants of the said United Provinces, or to any Subject of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with

4 his Majesty, and bound to any Port of the United Provinces; and that the fame shall and may be landed

in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs, and secured in Warehouses under the joint Locks

4 of his Majesty and of the Proprietors thereof, at the Rilk and Expence of the said Proprietors, such Ware-

4 houses to be approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more of them, in

that Part of Great Britain called England, and by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in that

4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or by the principal Of-

4 ficers of the Port where such Goods shall be imported; and the said Commissioners respectively are there-

4 by authorized and required to make such Regulations, and to give such Directions as they might deem

, !\ 4 necessary

