A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimoo&avo Georgii III.

C. 74.

837'

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, shall wilfully omit

or neglect to insert in any such Lift the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, every such

Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer, shall forfeit and Iofe, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty

Pounds. , . ,: : . _ , ' 1 *1 '

XI. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Special Wardens to collect and amend

the said Lifts, and discover whether all the Names have been inserted which ought to have been inserted

therein, the said Special Deputy Wardens shall, if they shall think fit, issue their Precept to the Chief Captain

a j 1 a / 111 # t T 1" O 1* FT C t P L lf # r #

Penalty of 20I.

fer omitting

Names in lifts.

sy,

they shall fee fit, a true Lift of all the working Miners employed in or about the Hufinefs of such Mine,

Blowing House, or Smelting House, and deferihing their Occupations as Miners, and where they respect-

ively dwell; and if any such Captain or Agent (hill wilfully omit or neglectto insert in such Lift the Name

of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, such Captain or Agent shall forfeit and lose the Sum of

fifty Pounds.

Special War-

dens may re-

quire Chic*

Captains of

Mines,or Agents

of Blowing

Houses, to re-

turn Lifts of the

Miners em-

ployed, See.

Penalty of 50I.

for omitting

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such Return shall have been made, and such Lifts amended

and made complete as aforesaid, the said Special Deputy Wardens, within their refne&ive Subdivisions,

shall, at Subdivision Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Men shall serve for

each Subdivision, that is to say, one Man in seven for all the-Men contained in the amended Lifts for such

Subdivision; and shall further proceed to appoint what Number of Menfo to be appointed to serve for such

Subdivision shall serve for each Parish and Place within such Subdivision, in Proportion to the Numbers ap-

pointed to serve for such Subdivision; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within the same

ubdivision, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks from the Day of the prior Meeting,

and shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds and Places

within such Subdivisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer

of every Parish or Place within their respective Hundreds and Places, of the 7'ime and Place of the next

Subdivision Meeting; and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two of them, at such Subdivision

Meeting, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the

Duplicate of the Lift returned for every Parish and Place, and amended as aforesaid, in the same Manner as

Men are chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia in England; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden

in the fame Subdivision, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks after such prior Meeting,

aftd shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the several Hundreds or Places within

such Subdivision, to direct the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place to give Notice to each

Man so chosen to serve as aforesaid, to appear at such Meeting (o to be appointed, which Notice shall be

given to him, or left at his Place of Abode, at least (even Days before such Meeting; and such Constable

or other Officer shall attend such Meeting, and make a Returnon Oath of the Service of such Notice; and

every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and there take the fol-

lowing Oath; that is to say,

4 t J. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4.- King George; and I do swear, 'That I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of the Counties

4 of Cornwall and Devon, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the

4 present War, and for the Space of six Calendar Months after the End thereof.’

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve

in the said Regiment during the present War, and for the Space of six Calendar Months after the End

thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person so chosen by Ballot may produce a

Substitute, who, if approved, may be enrolled and sworn in the same Manner as Substitutes may be sworn

and enrolled in the Cafe of Men chosen by Ballot to serve in the Supplementary Militia in that Part of Great

Britain called England.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if through any Neglect or Mistake, or from any other Cause, the

full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed

for that Purpose, then the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any two or more of them, at their said Meeting,

or at some subsequent Meeting, are hereby required immediately to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to ad-

journ their Meeting, and appoint other Meetings, and amend the Lifts, and repeat the amending of Lifts

as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, in

the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants may do for the like Purposes by the Laws in force concerning the

»|« 1

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for anyone Special Deputy Warden or Justice of

the Peace to administer the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken, either to any Person ballotted, or to any

Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute; and such Special Deputy Warden, or Justice of the Peacev

is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person is to

Names in such Lifts.

After Lifts are '

completed, Spe-

Sial Wardens

lall at Subdivi-

fion Meetings I

appoint the

Number of Men

to ftrvc for each

Subdivision,

and for each

Place therein,

and appoint

another Meet-

ing within three

Weeks for

choosing the

Men by Ballot,

Sec.

and another

within 3 Weeks

after, when the

Men chosen

shall appear

and take the

following

Oath;

and be carolled

Person s ballot-

ted may pro-

duce Substi- .

tutes, who may 4

be enrolled.

If the full

Number of

Men lor any

Subdivision

shall not be en-

rolled, afrelh

Ballot to be

taken. “ ’

s, ^ 1

A Deputy War-

den or Justice

may administer

Oaths, and di* 1

i the Clerk

to enrol the

Persons fworo.

