A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricedmo feptimo Georgii III. C. 18,10.

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on such Dnys and Times and in such Manner as the Rates

and Duties hereby repealed were, by any Law in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act,

difpfted to be paid ; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be earned to and

nude Part of the Consolid.ited Fund.

XL 4 And whereas the annual average Produce of the Revenue of the Post Office for three Years, ending

4 on the filth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, amounted to four hundred and ten

* thousand five hundred and fifty-six Pounds: And whereas by an Act, pa fie d in the thirty-fifth Year of the

* Rc'gn of his present Majesty, intituled, An /1ft for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters

* frci from the Duty of Post age \for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Mm, in the

4 Navy and Army, wh'ilft on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting

4 Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law,

i the fa d Revenue hath been increased by a Sum computed at the annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds,

4 communibus annis:% Be it further enacted. That, out of the Monies to arise from the said Revenue of the

Post Office, the S urn of one hundred and two thousand six hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, being one-

fourth Part of the annual average Amount before mentioned, shall Quarterly on the fifth Day of April, the

fifth Day of 'July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January in every Year, during the

Periods herein-after mentioned, be set apart from the Remainder of the said Revenue; and that the Sum of

ten thousand Pounds of the said Remainder of the said Revenue, shall Quarterly, for the Period of eight

Years from the passing of this Act, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, separate and apart

from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and that the Amount thereof, or so much as shall be fiilfi-

cient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased

Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the said thirty-filth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that after setting apart the Amount of the annual Averages

aforesaid, and the said further annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, the Remainder of the said Revenue of

the Post Office shall, during the Period of ten Years after the passing of this Act, be paid into the Receipt

of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that

the said Remainder of the said Rates so paid, into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient,

shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge

occasioned by any Loan made or to be made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or

Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said respective Periods, Books in which the said annual

Sum of forty thousand Pounds, and the ("aid Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Revenue of the

Post Office, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parlia-

ment, for the Ptirpofc of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart

from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors, upon any Account

whatever.

Xli. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued,

molested, or nrofccuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of

any Clause, Matter, or T hing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General

Ifiue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict

shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, then

such Defendant or Defendants (lull have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds,

and other Deeds.—[2Hth December 1796.J

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his prclcnt Majesty, certain

Provisions are made to prevent the Revenue of Stamps from being defrauded by the Practice of

4 infer ting in one Skin of Parchment more than the usual and accustomed Quantity of Words, which had

4 been allowed to be after the Rate of fifteen Common Law Sheets, containing (eventy-two Words in each

4 Sheet; which Provisions have not bet n found effectual: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of

4 the said Act should be repealed, and other Provisions made for more ctfcftually securinp the said Duties,

4 and that the Monies arihng by any Ir.creafc of Stamps to be used in pursuance of this Act, should be

4 applied in the Manner herein directed: We, your Majesty most dutiful and loyal Subjedfs, the Com-

4 mons of Great Britain in Parliament afiembled, as well for the Purposes aforesaid, as towards raising the

4 necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expcnces, and making a permanent Addition to the

4 Public Revenue, do moil humbly bdecch your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enrfted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-(even, the Number

of Stamps required to be put on every Skin or Piece of V ellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper,

upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be

IJ io * calculated

495

by him into the

Exchequer, and

carried to the

Consol.dated

Fund.

Average annual

Revenue- of I’oft

Office for three

Ytars to Ap. 5,

1795, at

410,566!.

Computed In-

crease by 35

Geo. J11. Cap.

53.40.0001. ;

jc2.639l.of the

actual Revenue

to be set apart

quarterly;

10.0001. of the

remaining ac-

tual Revenue

to be applied

quarterly to the

Revenue of

7795; and the

Rtmainder to

this Year’s Rc»

venue.

Persons sued

may plead the

Gentrai .flue.

Treble Costs*

19 Geo. IU,

Cap 66. recited,

and certain Pro-

visions therein

repealed.

Th; Number of

Stamps for any

Indentures, See,

