I

r.

r

r ‘

r I

B n

' i

f JB

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptlmo Georgii III. C. 18.

* railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and making a permanent

1 Addition to the Public Revenue, have fieely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty

* the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beleech your Majesty that it

* may be enabledand be it ena£led by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her

late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majestfs Do-

minions, and for settling a IVeekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof^ for the Service of the IVir, and other her

Majestfs Occafians ; and so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of your most Gracious Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of P oft age; and to amende explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in

an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in ether Alls relating to the Revenue of the

Post Office; and also so much of another Act, paded in the twenty-fourth Year of your most Gracious

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Rates of Pojla^e for

Conveyance of Letters and Packets, by the Post, within the Kingdom 0/Great Britain ; for preventing Frauds

in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets \ and for further pre-

venting Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, as

establish es certain Rates or Sums for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets within that Part of the

Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy

shall, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the

feme are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Podmaster General, and his Deputy

and Deputies by him thereunto fulHciently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-

cefi'ors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which

he Hi ill convey, carry, or fend Pod, within that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, according to the several

Rates and Sums herein-after mentioned, the fame being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is

to fey.

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter so conveyed or carried by the Pod, not exceeding

fifteen measured Miles from the Office where such Letter buy be put in, to the Office where such Letter

may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Three-pence; for every Double

Letter Sixpence; for every Treble Letter Nine-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight one Shilling; and

so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above fifteen

measured Miles, and not exceeding thirty measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put

in, to the Office where such Letter ;nay be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the

Sum of Four-pence; for every Double Letter Eight-pence; for every Treble Letter one Shilling; and for

every Ounce in Weight one Shilling and Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet

of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above thirty

measured Miles, and not exceeding sixty measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put in,

to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum

of Five-pence; for every Double Letter Ten-pence; for every Treble Letter one Shilling and Three-pence;

and for every Ounce in Weight one Shilling and Eight-pence ; and so in Proportion for every other Letter

or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce: ' * z- >gYjiH jgg

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above sixty measured

Miles, and not exceeding one hundred measured Miles from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to

the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Six-

pence; for.every Double Letter one Shilling; for every Treble Letter one Shilling and Sixpence; and for

every Ounce in Weight two Shillings; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater

Weight than an Ounce: 1 j

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod above one hundred

fneafured Miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty measured Miles from the Office where such

Letter may be put in, to the Office where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as

aforesaid, the Sum of Seven-pence ; for every Double Letter one Shilling and Two-pence; for every "Treble

Letter one Shilling and Nine pence; and for every Ounce in Weight two Shillings and Four-pence; and so

in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Pod one hundred

and fifty measured Miles, or upwards, from the Office where such Letter may be put in, to the Office

where such Letter may be delivered, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of Eight-pence;

for every Double Letter one Shilling and Four-pence ; for every Treble Letter two Shillings ; and for every

Ounce in Weight two Shillings and Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of

greater Weight than an Ounce.

Ill And be it further enacted, 'That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Podmader General, and his

Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, over and above the Rates of Podnge now pay-

J- Im to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which

* mall convey, carry, or fend Pod, within Scotland, the additional Rate of Pod.-»gc herein after mentioned ;

IS to fey,

) E u. For

493

From January

1797, so much

of 9 Annar, Cap.

10.

5 Geo. III. Cap-

25. and 24 Geo.

111. SelT 2. Cap.

37. ascrtabl Ihca

certain Rates of

Portage in Eng-

land, Wales,

and Berwick

u pon T weed,

repealed, ar d

the following

Rates to be

taken:

Rates.

The following

additional Rates

to be taken lor

Postage of Let-

ters in Scotland:

