Persons grant-

ing or using

lalfe Cettifi-

. cates, or coun-

terfeiting Cer-

tificates, forfeit

.5001.

How Penalties

a re to be appre-

ciated

I

General Issue

Treble Cofis.

Convention be-

tween his Ma-

jesty and the

Emperor of

Germany of

May 4, 1795,

recited.

C. 92, 93. Anno tricesimo quinrto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

and when and where it came into this Kingdom]; and that I the said A. B. [or the other Owners Names9

and Occupations, if any, and where they respectively refule, videlicet, Town, Place, Parish, and County,

4 or if Member of and Rejident in any Factory in Foreign Parts, or in any Foreign Town or City, being an

4 Agent for a Partner in any House or Copartncrship, afttiaily carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland,

'the Name of such Factory, Foreign Town, or City, and the Names of such House or Copartncrship], am [or,

4 are] foie Owner [or Owners] of the said Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever hath or

‘ have any Right, 'Title, Interest, Share, or Property, therein or thereto, and [if a Brititk Subieft], that

4 I the said A. B. [and the said other Owners, if any] am or was [or are or were] truly and bona fide a

4 Subject [or Subjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said A, B. have not [nor have any of the other

4 Owners, to the Best of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State

‘ whatever; [except under the Terras of feme Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof ]; or that, since

4 my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the Foreign States respectively to

4 which he or any of the said Owners shall have been Subject or Subjects], and prior to the passing of an Act,

in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further In-

4 crease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a

1 Subject [or Subjects] of Great Britain 5 [either by his Majesty's Letters Patent, as a Denizen or Denizens,

4 or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Cafe may be, naming the Dates of the Letters ef Denization, or

the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization rrspectivels f or [as the Cafe may bc\ 1 have [or he or

4 they hath or have] become a Denizen [or Denizens], or naturalized Subject or Subjects [as the Cafe may

4 be] of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament pasted since the first

4 Day of January one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, [naming the Tunes when such Letters of De-

4 nization have been granted rrspectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization

4 havepajfcd respectivelyj] or [if not a British Suhjcft] that I A. B. and the other Owners, if any, being a

4 Subject or Subjects of feme Foreign State, [speccifying the State,] have come into and am [or are] now

4 resident in this Kingdom, [describing the Particulars thereof as to the Place and Date,] and intend to

4 reside therein, and have taken the Oath, or, being a Quaker, have made a Declaration, of Fidelity and

4 Allegiance to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, [describing the Times when, the Place where, and

4 before whom taken,] and that no Foreigner, not having complied with the Conditions above-mentioned,

4 directly or indirectly, hath any Share, or Part, or Interest, in the said Ship or Vessel.*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever

shall knowingly give or grant any falle Certificate or Certificates, for any of the Purposes required or di-

reded by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered in-

capable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatever: And if any Person or Per-

fons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falfpy, any Certificate or Certificates required by this Act, or shall

knowingly or willingly make use of any falle Certificate or Certificates, or of any Certificate or Certificates

so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every such Certificate or Certificates shall be invalid and of no

EffcCt.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and For-

feitures infiided by this Act (except in such Cales where other Directions are given by this Act) shall be

to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcfiors, and the other iMoiety to such Officer or Officers of the

Customs as shall sue or prosecute for the fame in any cf his Majesty’s Courts of Record at l'/cjlminfcr, or

in the Court of Exchequer in Scotlandrefpedirely, where the Offence shall be committed.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T'hat if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons whatever, for any 1'hing done in pursuance of this Act, the De-

fendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the

special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of

and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear lo to have been done, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his Adiion, after the

Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or De-

murrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover l’rtble Costs, and have the like

Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cales by Law.

CAP. XCIII. ' j

An Act for guaranteeing the payment of the Dividends on a Loan of four millions fix

hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany. — [22d June 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \XHEREAS by a Convention signed between your Majesty and the Emperor of Germany, bearing

Date the fourth Day of May one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, it was agieed that, in

4 order to assist the Efforts which his Imperial Majesty was delirous of m iking, and to facilitate to him the

4 Means of bringing forward the Resources of his Dominions in the Defence of the Common cause, your

Majesty engaged to propose to your Parliament to guaranty the regular Payment of the Half-yearly Di-

4 vidends on the Sum of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, which was or was to be raised

4 on Account of his Imperial Majesty, on the Terms and in the Manner specified in two Engagements oc

13 4 Oftrois

