ti6 C. 63. Anno tricesimo quinto GEORGII.nl. A.D. 1795*

Persons fraurlu-

lcntly obtaining

Letters contain-

ing Bank-

notes, &c.guilty

of Felony.

Letters may be

returned to

Foreign Mini-

fters, upon

Proof, with or

Without Oath,

of writing

them, Sec.

Secretary of

State may

authorize the

Delivery of

Litters, though

the Persons

applying cannot

comply with

the prescribed

Forms. ."

A& maybe

altered or re-

pealed tiiU

Session.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall

falsely or fraudulently obtain any Letter or Letters, hereby authorized to be returned as aforesaid, or that

shall or may be authorized to be returned under the Authority of a Warrant or Warrants of such Principal

Secretary of State, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained for that Purpo(ev containing any Bank

Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Letter of Credit, or any other Security orln-

strument whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, every such Person so offending, and being thereof con-

victed in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of

seven Years. ‘

X. And be it also further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal,

to direct, order, require, and authorize the Postmaster General to open and icturn any Letter or Letters

contained in the said Mails respectively, for returning which. Application shall be made by or on Behalf of

any Foreign Minister or Embassador, upon such Proof being made, with or without Oath, that such Fo-

reign Minister or Embassador did write, sign, or send to the Post, or caused to be written, signed, or sent

to the Post, such Letter or Letters respectively, and upon such other Directions respecting the said Letter or.

Letters so applied for being complied with, as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be required to be made or

complied with; and the Postmaster General is hereby also required to execute or caule to be executed all

such Orders and Directions as shall, in such respective Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or contained;

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And inasmuch as, in the Execution of this present ACt, it may happen that some of the Persons who

4 may apply for the Return of Letters may jiot be enabled to comply whh the precise Forms hereby direct-

4 cd, and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths in the exaCt Form or Forms of Words hereby required

4 to be taken, on which Account the Postmaster General cannot, under the Restrictions herein-before con-

4 tained, return all the Letters contained in the said Mails which shall be applied for to be returned, not-

4 withstanding that the Persons so applying may be well entitled to receive back such Letters, and that the

4 true Intent and Meaning of this Adtis that they should be enabled so to receive them / be it further en-

abled by the Authority aforesaid, That, in any Cafe where such Difficulty (hc?l occur, it (half and may be

lawful to and for any one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under

his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize, the Postmaster General to open and return

any such Letter or Letters, for which Application shall be made to be returned, and which cannot be re-

turned under the Forms and Restrictions herein-before contained, upon such Person or Persons so identifying

the Letter or Letters, and making Oath, in such Manner and Form as in such respective Warrantor War-

rants shall be required and exprened; and the Postmaster General is hereby empowered and required to ex-

ecute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions, and to aeminister, or cause to be admini-

ftered, such Oath or Oaths as shall, in such respective Warrantor Warrants, be expressed or contained j any

Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, T hat it shall and may be lawful to alter or repeal this Act in the present Session of

Parliament. '

' ‘ - CAP. LXIII.

From July 5*

1795, certain

Stamp Duties

to be paid on

Insurances.

An A<fl for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances.

[ 19th May 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7E> your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

4 cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

4 to be parted in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned ;* and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enaCted; and be it enaCted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament artembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or

Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or

upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, shall be ingrorted, printed,

or written, the Stamp Duties following upon the Sums insured *, (that is to say,) Where the Sum to be in-

sured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence, and so progref-

ftveiy for every Sum of one hundred Pounds insured; and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to

one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured

shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of one hundred Pounds each, by any fractional

Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence for each fractional Part of

one hundred Pounds: And that, upon all raid every Insurances or insurance, where the Premium, or

Confutation in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not

exceed the Rate of ten Shillings, there shall be paid the following Duties j (that is to say,) Where the

Sum so to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and three

Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of one hundred Pounds so inlurcd; and where the Sum so to be

’ / - \ 4 insured

