A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

C. i6.

689

the last Aff< Ament prior to April

6,1798, in certain Proportion* ;

If the present Rate is under

25I. 3 Times the Amount.

25I. and under 30I — 3

30I. and under 401.-4.

40I. and under 5CI.—4^.

50I. and upwards, 5 Times the

Amount, additional:

Where the present AAWTment is

for hfs than a Y'car, the addi-

tional Rate to be calculated on

the Amount for a whole Year.

on House>, Windows, Dogs,

or Clocks or Watches, to an

Amount less than 20s. exempt-

from any additional Duty ;

but if afltiTerito that ora greater

Amount, to pay the following

additional Duty; viz.

ing-any such Carriages, shall be charged annually, during the Term herein mentioned*, with an

additional Rate or Duty in Proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is af-

sessed, according to the last yearly Assessment or Assessments made or to be made prior to the sixth

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now

in force, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows ; (that is to say ;) Where the Amount of the

said Duties shall be under twenty-five Pounds, a Duty equal to three Times the Amount thereof ;

where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty-five Pounds, and shall be under thirty Pounds, a

Duty equal to three limes the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said

.Duties shall be thirty Pounds, and shall be tinder forty Pounds, a Duty equal to four Times the Amount

thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be forty Pounds, and shall be under fifty Pounds,

a Duty equal to four Times the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; and where the Amount

of the said Duties shall be fifty Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to five Times the Amount thereof:

And that where any Person shall be so charged by any such Assessment made for a less Term than a

Year, the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of

the Sums contained in such Assessment or Assessments, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as

would be payable thereon if the fame were made for a whole Year. (See Exempt m in § 15, 16, 17,31,3?/^.]

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person assessed to any of the Rates or Duties now payable Person* aifWTtd to the Dutic*

on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, on Dogs, or on Clocks, Watches, or

Timekeepers, (except as hereinafter provided f,) the Amount of whose last Assessment or Assessments

of the said Duties shall not be equal to one Pound, shall be exempted from any additional Rate or

Duty ; and that in all Cafes where the Amount of the last Assessment or Assessments made upon such

Person of the said Duties shall be one Pound or upwards, such Person shall be charged annually, during

the Term herein mentioned, with an additional Rate or Duty, in Proportion to the Amount of the

said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last yearly Aljefl’ment or Assessments, made

or to be made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pur-

fu^nceof any Act of Parliament now in force ; and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows ; viddi-

cet, Where the Amount of the said Duties shall be under two Pounds, a Duty equal to Onerfourth the

Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be two Pounds, and shall be under three

Pounds, a Duty equal to One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be

three Pounds, and shall be under five Pounds, a Duty equal to Three-fourths of the Amount thereof;

where the Amount of the said Duties shall be five Pounds, and shall be under seven Pounds and ten Shil-

lings, a Duty equal to the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be seven

Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under ten Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount and One-half

the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be ten Pounds, and shall be under twelve

Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to twice the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said

Duties shall be twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under fifteen Pounds, a Duty equal to

twice the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be *5l* and under 2d.—3

fifteen Pounds, and shall be under twenty Pounds, a Duty equal to three Times the Amount thereof;

where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty Pounds, and shall be under thirty Pounds, a Duty

equal to three Times the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said

Duties shall be thirty Pounds, and shall be under forty Pounds, a Duty equal to four Times the Amount

thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be forty Pounds, and shall be under fifty Pounds, a

Duty equal to four Times the Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; and where the Amount of

the said Duties shall be fifty Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to five l imes the Amount thereof:

And that where any Person shall be so charged by any such Assessment made for a less Term than a

Year, the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the

Sums contained in such Assessment or Assessments, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as

would become payable thereon if the fame were made for a whole Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who (lull occupy any Dwelling

House usually let out by such Person in Part to Lodgers, or with the Purpose of usually so letting out

the fame, or any Dwelling Jdoui'e, Part whereof is occupied and used by the Line Person as a Shop, the

Amount of whose last Assessment or A lie ll'mems, in respect of the Duties now payable on Houses,

Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, or on Dogs, Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers,

shall be in the Whole under three Pounds, shall be exempted from any additional Rate or Duty; and

that in all Cafes where the Amount of the last Assessment or Assessments to the said Duties, made upon

such Occupier, shall amount to three Pounds, such Occupier shall be charged annually, during the

Term herein mentioned, with an additional Rate or Duty, in Proportion to the Amount of the said

Duties to which such Occupier is assessed, according to the last yearly Assessment or Assessments made

or to be made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety e:ght, in purfu-

alice of any Act of Parliament now in force ; and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows ; videlicet^

Where the Amount of the said Duties shall be three Pounds, and shall be under five Pouinis, a Duty

equal to One-tenth of the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the said Dudes shall be five Pounds,

If the present Amount is under

il.—Jkh thereof.

2I. and under 3I.—4*.

3I. and under 5I.—

5I. and under 7I. 10s. — the

Amount, or one Rate additional

7I. 10s. and under 10I.—

xol. and under xal 106.—i-

ill ics. and under 15I-

3}'

20!. and under 30^.

30I. and under 40I.

40I. and under 50I.—

50J. and upwards, 5 Rates, or

5 Times t.ie present Amoynt,

additional

Occupiers of Lodging Houses or

Shops, alTe/Tcd to an Amount

less than 3I. to the Duties on

Houses, &c. exempted from

any additional Duty; bu. if

a fit Aid to that or a greater

Amount, to pay the following

additional Duties; viz.

If the present Amount is 3I,

and under 5I.— 7*0ch Part

thereof. ,

5I. and under 7I. ios.-

1 Seti § 3, 11, 12, 17, 19, 20.

4u

and

3$ Geo. III.

* See $ tet.

