588

The additional

Duty of xol.

per Cent, not to

extend to the

Duties of 5). and

1 o 1. per Cent,

granted by

37 Geo. 3 c. 15.

t § m

. If Goods be per-

mitted to be

Warehoused

witlK>ut Pay-

ment of Duty,

the additional

Duty not to be ‘

payable till taken

A&not to alter

Duties payable

Vo the City of

London, &c.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the re

fpt&ive Com.

missioners of

Curtoms and

Lxcise.

Tuties and

Drawbacks to be

managed as

former ones, and

the Goods to be

subjeel to the

Conditions of

Acts in force

immediately be-

fore pairing this

A a.

t

C. 97. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

• 1 1 _ f

Colony or Plantation in America \ on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any such unmanufactured

Wood and Staves, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and

Amount of the several Duties of Curtoms due and payable by Law on the Importation of any such Goods

into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe, not within his Majesty’s Dominions, in British-built Ships or

Vessels; on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any Oil made from Fish, or Creatures living in the

Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the Peo-

ple of the said United States, and imported diredfly from thence into this Kingdom in American Ships or

Vessels, owned and navigated as by this Act is required, an additional Duty, at and after the Rate of ten

Poundsjter Centum on the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Custdms due and payable by Law

on the Importation of any such Goods into this Kingdom from Countries not under theJJominion of his

Majesty; on the Importation, in Manner aforesaid, of any such Tobacco so imported, an additional Duty

of Customs, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence for every hundred Pounds Weight of such

Tobacco. •' fe' "w’'

XII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

charge or impose the Duty of ten Pounds per Centum by this Act imposed on certain Goods and Merchan-

dize imported into this Kingdom from the said United States in American Ships, on the Produce or Amount

of the respective Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and of ten Pounds per Centum, granted to his Majesty by

an A&, made in thi^present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain

Duties of Cujhms on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried

Coastwise within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals when brought or carried Coastwise; and/or

applying the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for

4 Pit dud ion of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, towards defraying the

4 increased Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last Session

4 of Parliament d # ,r. : _ u

XIII. Provided always, That if any Goods or Merchandize so imported from the United States of

America shall be permitted, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of such Im-

portation, to be secured in Warehouses, without the Payment of the Duties due on the Importation thereof,

then and in such Cafe the additional Duties of Customs, by this Act imposed, shall not be payable unless

and until such Goods shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or confirmed in

this Kingdom. ,

out for Home Consumption. ' v

XIV. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

repeal or anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scava^e, Balliage, or Portage, or any other Duties payable

to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens cjf the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City

for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or to

repeal or anywise alter any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the fame shall be continued as heretofore.

XV7. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs and Excise, by this Act imposed, as

shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the respective

Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (h*11 be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of

the Customs and Excise in Scotland for the 'Lime being.

• *' I

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties of Customs and Excise, and the

Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise, upon, for, or in respect of the several Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, by this Act imposed and allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied,

collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the

Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of

Customs and Excise, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any or either of the special

Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, by which the former Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks

of Duties of Customs and Excise, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the fame Sorts or Kinds respec-

tively, were or might be managed, ascertained, levied, raised, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and al-

lowed, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of,

or chargeable with Duties of Customs and Excise, or so entitled to Drawback of Duties of Customs and

Excise, upon the Importation thereof into, or Expoitation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Ac-

count whatever, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions,

Regulations, Rules, Reftrrdlions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and

also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Rellridlions, Regulations, and Forfeitures respectively, to which

the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively were subjectand liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament

in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Revenues of Customs and Excite,

except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or For-

feiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any

Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the

Revenue of Customs and Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses,

Powers, and Directions therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall and are hereby

directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respedtively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and

9 in

