640

Oath,

Oath to be ad-

niiniftcred in

open Court, and

entered at the

End of the Lift.

Lift to he kept

by the Clerk of

4he Peace, and

may be examin-

gratis.

Three Copies of

Lifts to be fixed

of in, and at the

Door of, each

Prison 10 Days

before the Sta-

tien.

Prisoners, on

Jan. 1, 1797,

for Debts not

exceeding

i,2ool. con-

forming to this

Act, to be dif-

chargtd.

Justices, on Pe-

titions of Pri-

foners, deliver-

ing Schedules of

their Estates,

may issue War

rants for bring-

ing them to the

Quarter Session,

4c«

Schedules to re-

main with the

Clerk of the

Peace for In-

speftion.

C. i

12.

or gaoler?, or any rruon or oaol, ts ancJ are hereby required, ten lvays at leair before the nrit c

General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace iball be held after the passing or this A

County, Riding, City, Division, T own, Place, or Liberty, in which any Prison or G<;ul (flail be,

A 4 A • /V m at m ft ft I^ S N a

Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797*

c J rf. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and de-

c clare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name.or Names is or are inserted and contained in

4 the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and fu Tcribed, was or were, to the brft of my Knowledge

4 and Belief, upon the first Day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, really and truly

4 Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison]* at the Suit or Suits of the

4 several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned ; and also that all and every Person and Persons

4 whose Name or Names is or are inferred or contained in the second Part of the said Lift now by me de-

4 livered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, fine* the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred

4 and ninety-seven, been committed or surrendered to the said Prison [insert the Name of the Prison] at the

4 Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein -reflectively mentioned; and that the Person or Per-

4 fons whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, vv >s and were, to the best of my Knowledge and

4 Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the said first Day of January, as appears by tnc Re-

4 turns made to me on his and their respective Commitments.' So help me GO D.'

Which the said Justices, at their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or at

some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to ad-

minister in open Court; and- the Words of the said Oath, herein before dbected to be taken by the said

Warden and Marshal respectlively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered

or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be

subscribed and (worn 10 by them relpciftively in open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered

in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer a£hng as Clerk of the‘Peace of every such C< unty, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place,

or Liberty respcdhvely, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the

said Justices, and Information of ail or any Prtfoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the fame may,

from l ime to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without

Fee or Reward. * I IJ 1, Wi

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Keepei^or Gaoler, Keepers

or Gaolers, of any Prison or Gaol, is and are hereby required, ten Days at lead before the first or second

^ ” ' Act for the

-I—, -----^ -PL 1____, L _ - I, I PPP ... , , or which

the fame shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every (ucn Priion or Gaol, and at the

must frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prison or Gaol, three or more true

Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said'

General Quarter Sessions, or at foine Adjournment thereof

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, on the fiift Day cf January

one thousand (even hundred ai*l ninety-seven, were charged in any Prison or Gaol for toe Nonpayment of

any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than one

thousand two hundred Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered

in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and shall perform on his or her Part what is

required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever relealed, discharged, and exonerated, in such

Manner as is hereinafter provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any JufFce or Justices of the Peace of

any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of

any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Julhce or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Juris-

dictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or herfo petitioning,

leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or

her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general

Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his

Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of

any such Prison, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the

first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof,

to be held, as the Cafe shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such War-

rant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person

being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a

Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol

as aforesaid, at the T'ime aforesaid ; for which Copy or Copies of Caule or causes, such Prisoner shall apply

to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who thall make

out and transcribe the fame, at least fix Days before the Time of his or her Appearanc 5 which Warrant of

every Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are nereby commanded

to obey.

VI And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which (flail be left or delivered in as

aforesaid, shall be and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Cleric, or ether Officer acting as Cierlc

of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame (haT have

been so left, there to remain and be mfpeded, from.Time to Time, as (Jccaflon (flail require, by any Cre-

ditor of any such Prisoner who (lull desire to inspect the fame. MM j

VII, And

