C. 5.

Anno tricesimo quinto G £ o r g i i III. A.D. 179 5.

extra-parochial Place within the said Hundred, (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake

within the County of as follows; videlicet.

Name of Hundred (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapen . take, or District). Names of Parishes (or Tith- ings or Places). ;

Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, ‘ I Lath, Wapentake, or District, as the Cafe may j he). - i Parish of {Tithing or Place) - Parish of Pari (h of A.^% Parish of B. (lb's ‘ Tithing of B. [ 3 < I " “ il - -V .

Number of Men for each Pa

nth (Tithing or Place).

o o

00,

o o

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the

mow next ensuing. Dated this Day of

Day of

Mo. 3.

FORM of Orders of the General Sessions to the Chief Constablts, JjV.

M-

To A. B. Chief Constable of

To A, B. and C. D. Constables of

may be A

To A.B.

or

or

(or whatever their Defer iption

Constables of the Pari (hes of (where

more than one are united).

WE, A. B. C. D. (Ac. Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, assembled at a General Sessions,

held by virtue of, and for the Purpose of carrying into Execution, an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title

of the Atlf\ do hereby require you to give Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the

Parish of [or Tithing of or Name of Place, as it may bef\ of the Number of

Men appointed by us to be levied for the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places, within your District, and of

the Time of raising the fame, according to the Lift hereunto annexed; and you are hereby required to make

a Return to the Justices of the Peace in and for your District, at the first Petty Sessions to be holden for

the said District by virtue of the said Act, on the Day of next following, being

the Day appointed for making Returns of all Matters and Things done by you, according to the Directions

therein contained. Signed for and by Order of the said Justices, and according to the Directions of the

laid A d. ;

V;. A.B. Clerk of the Peace for the said County,

No. 4.

FORM of the Notice to Churchwardens.

M-

or

in the said County,

To the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish of

of the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places of

and to and every of

NOTICE is hereby given to you, that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, at a General

Sessions assembled under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Atlf\ by their

Order, bearing Date the Day of have appointed one Man, for Men,)

to be levied and raised for the Parish of (or if two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places

aie adued together, name the Parishes, Tithings, or Places); and you are hereby required, immediately

alter the receiving this Notice, to call together the principal Inhabitants of the said

a to be held within the said (if more Parishes, &c. than one, here insert the Parish,

Ixc. pyt named in toe Order of Appointment,) to take into Confederation the moil speedy and effectual

Means of raising the said Man (or Men) appointed to be raised for the said in

purmance of the said Act, of which Meeting you are to give two Days public Notice in Writing, by

affixing the laine on the Church or Chapel Door of your Panlh or Place (or, if more than one) Church or

/ i°lS 0t Parishes or Places, or if there is no Church or Chapel in your Parish,

(or 1 face,) then on the nearest: Church or Chapel Door, according to the Form annexed: And you are

*3 hereby

t

