A.D. 1795. ving Annoying trice/Imo /exto Georg 11 III.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty further additional Duties on the Amount of the

Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein

mentioned.—[24th December 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 1X7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

€ V y assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, and

‘ making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

4 cafioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this

4 Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved ro give and grant unto your Majesty the fur-

4 ther additional Duties hereinafter mentioned ; and do most humbly beleech your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted ;* and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the. Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six,

there shall be raised, levied, collected. and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors,

throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Aileflinent to be made after the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in

force, for or in rel'pedl of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the

Affairs of Taxes, a further additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of

the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessmeiu, except as hereinafter is

II. And be it further enacted. That there shall be raised, levied, colieded, and paid, unto and for the Use

of his Majesty, upon every Alleflinent made or to be made fur the Year ending the fifth Day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety, fix, under or by virtue of any Ait or Acts of Parliament now in force,

for or in respect of the several Rates and Duties before mentioned, a further additional Rate or Duty after

the Rate of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and

Duties charged by such Assessment, except as hereinafter is excepted, to be computed for the Hall Year

ending the said fifth Dav of Abril one thousand fe L 1 1 1 1

From April 5,

1796, on every

A/Tc'/fment

made under any

Act now in force

respecting Du-

ties under the

Management of

the Commis-

fiontrs for Taxes an additional Duty of 10 per Cent, on the Amount to be paid, except, Arc.

On every such

A ffiflrnent

made for the

Year ending

April 5, 1796,

the additional

Duty of 10L

per Cent, to be

charged for Half a Year.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Act not to ex.

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said further additional Rate or Duty of toccrUiir

ten Pounds per Centumhy this Act imposed, the Amount of the Duty commonly call The Land Tax, granted uuc*‘

to his Majesty in and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, dn Act for granting an Aid to his

Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, or granted or to be granted by any Act of the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of.

the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or that shall or may be granted by any Act or Acts of ;

Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax during the Continuance of this Act, nor the -

Amount of the Rates and Duties after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the gross Amount of certain*

assessed Taxes, granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for granting to his Alajejly additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of

the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, nor the Amount of the Rates and Duties granted

upon Horses by several of the Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, nor any Rate or Duty whatever, to be raised by Assessment by virtue of any Act or Acts of Par-

liament to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said further additional Rates and Du- A ft to extend ra

tics hereby imposed as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above and in Addition to the respective Rates and certain Duties.

Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by two several Acts of the sixth and twenty-fourth Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon inhabited Houses, granted by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of his Majesty, upon Male Servants, granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

his said Majesty, and upon Coaches and other Carriages, granted by two several Acts of the twenty-fifth and

twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty;

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorized or appoint- • Cdmm!/Tioners>

, or who shall be authorized or appointed, to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, re- &c- appointed

lative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, on the Amount of which the said * additional Rates lormrr*

or Duties arc hereby imposed, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, * and that the several Act* relative to

Surveyors, Infpcdlors, Assessors, and Collectors, respectively appointed, or to be appointed, to put iu Execu- the Duties, u»

tien the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, Inspedtors, Assessors, and .put in Execu*

Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and Authorities given t,on the Present

to them, by the said former Acts, or any of them, and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons afore- Ac^‘

said,bting duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, relative to the :

said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required

to do all 'Things necessary for putting tin's Act in Execution with relation to the said further additional Rates

ot Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they, or any of them, are or is

authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts, relative to the said Rates arid Duties, or any Mattersr.or

i therein respectively contained* -

VI. And-

