A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Ghorgif III. C. 40, 41

NUMBER of WINDOWS,

according to which the Dwelling-house shall be charged.

| DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-house in England* DUTIES 10 be paid for every Dwelling-house in Scotland.

£. s. d. £■ j. d.

— — 57 18: —

6i — — 60 18 —

— 26 2 6

One hundred and seventy and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine

Windows or Lights - "

One hundred and eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards

And for every such Dwelling House which shall contain more than one hun-

dred and eighty Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceed-

ing the Number of one hundred and eighty

The said several Rates and Duties* to be charged in respe& of every Inhabited Dwelling-house, without

any other or further Exemption being allowed than such as are contained and.exprelsly provided in and by.

this Act; notwithstajiding any former Statute or Statutes to the contrary.

ir, < SCHEDULE B,

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable on all Inhabited Dwelling-houses within.

_ 1 - — — —. m m m mm mm m A

and throughout Great Britain according to the Value thereof.

In the Pound.

£ S' <*'

8

For every Inhabited House in Great Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices,

Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, are or shall be worth the Relit by the Year,

there be charged the yearly Sums following videlicet, /

Five Pounds and under twenty Pounds Relit by the Ye3r - — i '

Twenty Pounds and under forty Pounds Relit by the Year -

Forty Pounds Relit by the Year and upwards ’ r -

The said lafLmentioned Rates and Duties to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of every such In-

habited House, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force, for granting

the Duties on Inhabited Houses hereby repealed,’ but to no other or further Exemptions whatever, notwith-

fianding any Statute or Statutes to the contrary,.

:/ '{ a\: I*. .-.a u *t.! -v*

1

1

3

|4. CAP. XLI. \

f f w . , , v } 4 f , > 4 * \ , l. I; f ,; ; Hi 1 % ' j* > 4 . I,) J « pH #

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and

Dogs; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

[ 1 oth ifcfcvy 179^.3

1 Molt gracious Sovereign, f

T T7HEK.EAS the present Mode of charging separately the several Rates and Duties payable upon

Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and the Additional Rates charged upon

the Amount thereof, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, has been

found inconvenient:- And whereas it is expedient that the said several Rates and Duties should be re-

4 pealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof, and that further Provillon should be made for enforcing

a due Collection of the said DutiesWe, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Com-

mons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do mofl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

^nadled; and be it enacted by the King’s mofl excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, all and singular the Rates and Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs,

and also all and Angular the additional Rates and Duties charged upon the Amount of the said Rates and

Duties, shall severally cease and determine, save and except in all Cafes relating to the demanding, reco-

vering, receiving, or paying, any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said fifth Day of /ipril

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines,

Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respetSIively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before

the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ifinetv-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-eight* in lieu and instead of the said Rates and Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be

afiefted, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon air

Male Servants retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities mentioned in an

A<St pasted in the twenty -fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, and upon all Carriages kept by

any Person or Persons, and upon all Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons

38 Geo. III. 3 D fgf

I -

745

From April 5*

1798, the Du-

ties upon Male

Servants, Car-

riages, Horses,

and Dogs, and

the additional

Duties on the

Amount there-

of, to cease;

and in li u there-

of, the Duties in

the annexed

Schedules to be

levied.

