C. 117,118. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

r ' 1 . . . 4k

k f

4 pofcs and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is not expedient that the Powers so

given by the said recited Act should extend to Subaltern Officers coming within the Description and en-

4 titled to the Benefits of this Act:* Be it therefore enacted and declared, 'That nothing in the said recited

Act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to empower the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants,

of any County, Hiding, or Place, to discharge any such Subaltern Otficersasarc or may be entitled to the

Benefit of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or any of them.

t ubaltcms entitled to Allowances. ' ‘l 4

Continuance of XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of

this Act. March one thousand seven hundied and ninety-seven, and no longer.

CAP. CXVII. > '

An Act to exempt Dairies and Rooms used foldy for making, keeping, and drying Cheese

and Butter, from the Duties on Windows and Lights.—[18th May 1796.]

410

Powers of re-

cited Act for

discharging Of-

ficers nt the

End of every

five Year., not

to extend to

Duties on Win-

dows not to be

charged on

Places used

lolely for dry-

ing, keeping,

or making

Cheese or But-

ter.

Exemption td

extend only to

Windows with-

out Glass, and

Places kept

solely for the

b«for e - m c n t ion t d

4 *1X7 HEREAS in and by divers Acts of Parliament now in force, certain Rates and Duties have been

4 ▼ V from l ime to Time laid upon Windows and Lights in Dwelling-houses and Offices belonging to

and occupied therewith: And whereas it is expedient that Windows or Lights in Dairies, and Rooms kept

and used solely for the Purpose cf making, drying, and keeping Cheese and Butter, should not be charged

4 with or liable to the said Rates and Duties in certain Cafes herein-after mentioned :* May it please your

Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, upon every Assessment made or to be made of the said Duties, or any of them, it

shall not be lawful toaflefs or charge any Windows or Lights in any Dairies, or in any Rooms or Places kept

and used for the sole Purpose of drying and keeping Cheese, or of making Cheese or Butter, and to or for no

other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever; which Dairies and Rooms shall be belonging to and occupied with

any Dwelling-house chargeable with the Rates and Duties aforesaid, whether the fame shall be attached to or

detached from, and being Part of such Dwelling-house or not, and which shall be occupied by any Person

or Persons who shall fell, or be in any Manner concerned in felling, the Produce of Dairies, or any Kind of

Cheese.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Exemptions herein-before provided /ball

extend only to such Windows or Lights in such Dairies or Rooms as aforesaid as shall be made with Splines

or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars, and wholly without Glass; and to such Dairies or Rooms as aforesaid,

which shall not be at any Time or Times used to dwell or to deep in by any Person or Persons whomsoever,

but solely kept and used for the several Purposes herein-before mentioned.

purposes.

Dairies to be

ibble to Duty

unless certain

Words be

painted on the

Doors.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the respective Owner or Owners of the Dwelling-houses to

which such Dairies or Rooms used as aforesaid respectively belong, do and shall paint or cause to be painted

on the Door thereof, in large Roman black Letters, of two Inches at the lead in Height, and of a propor-

tionable Breadth, the Words Dairy and Cheese Room, or some of them, as the Cafe shall require, and do and

shall keep and preserve such Words so painted didindtly legible, during such Time or Times as such Dairies

and Rooms shall be used for the Purposes aforesaid, otherwise, and in case of Failure of all or any of the Or-

ders and Regulations in this Act contained, it is hereby declared that such Dairies and Rooms as aforesaid

shall be charged and chargeable with all and every of the Duties and Rates to which the fame were liable

previous to the passing this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

% Geo. HI.

Cap. 15. re.

«ited.

- . -CAP. CX.VIII.

V

An Act to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate by Retail.—[iSth May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Ati for the better Supplying the Cities of London and Welt minder with Fish, and to reduce the frt-

4 sent exorbitant Price thereof and to protest and encourage Fishernren; it is enacted, among other Things,

that no Person or Persons, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two,

4 shall a second Time fell, or expose to or for Sale, in Billingsgate Market, or within the Space of one hun-

4 dred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, or any other Market in the City of London, or within the

4 Weekly Bills of Mortality, any bifh which, in the same Day, shall have been before fold in the fame

Market: And whereas, the retailing of Fish at Billingsgate would be of great public Utility and Conve-

4 nience, and tend materially to reduce the exorbitant Price of Fish; but inasmuch as such retailing of Fish

4 may not be practised whilst the said Provision contained in the said Act remains in force May it please

your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

11 sembled,

