A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 129.

24.1

Exchequer, which laid Sum {hall be deemed and taken to be a j^art of the said Annuity of sixty thousand

Pounds, and shall be deducted from the Amount of the fame; which Sums so to be issued and advanced

shall be employed in defraying all the necefl'ary Charges and Expellees in or about the Execution of this Act;

and which Money so to be issued {hall not be subje£l to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessrnent, whatsoever

imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Af-

firmation before the said Commissioners respectively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every

such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be

subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being such Persons convicted of wilful

and corrupt Perjury are fubie£l and liable to.

curing this A#,

out of the

6o,ooool.

Persons giving

false Evidence

before the Com-

missioners, li-

able to the

Penalties for Perjury.

XXIII. And be if further enabled, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall from Time to

Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying on any Pro-

ceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without

1* t ry ! Ts' a c I ri 1 • r.« * l_T r*%

any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of

sMajesty’sTi

XXlV. And be it further enacted, That no Adiion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

Persons, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until ten Days Notice thereof, in

Writing, shall have been given to the said Commissioners j nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, of a Tender

thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved ; nor after six Calendar Months next after the

East committed ; and every such Adiion shall be brought in the Court of Exchequer, and shall be laid in

the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Adiion or Suit shall

and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be

had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame

shall appear so to be done, or if fu.ch Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for

bringing the fame, or shall be brought without ten Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other

County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find

for the Defendant or Defendants j or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fuifer a Discon-

tinuance of his, her, or their Adiion or Actions, or if a \ erdidl shall pass against the Plaintiff.or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as

any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes of Law.

XXV. 4 And whereas it is his Royal Highness’s Desire that there should be established a regular Course of

Payment of all just Demands which may be hereafter made upon his said Royal Highness, for any Debt

4 hereafter to become due, and that the Accumulation of Debt for the future may be prevented j* be it fur-

ther enacted, That the principal Officer or Officers of his Royal Highness shall, within fourteen Days

after the passing of this Act, prepare and make out, for the Approbation of his Royal Highness, a Plan of

the Establishment of his laid Royal Highness, in difliudl Departments and Classes, and in such Order as

he or they shall think fit and expedient, together with a Plan of the Salaries and Payments of each Class,

and of each individual Office therein ; and shall also prepare and make out an Estimate of the annual Ex-

nces of each distinct Department in his Royal Highness’s said Establishment; one Copy of which Plan and

imate, after being approved of by his Royal Highness, shall be lodged with the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Trealiiry, and another in the Office of the Treasurer, or such principal Officer or Officers

for the Time being, as shall be appointed by his Royal Highness? and another with the Clerks of the two

Houses of Parliament rclboftively: And that from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-five, all Diiburfcments which shall be made out of the Revenues of his said Royal Highness,

for any of the rurposes aforesaid, shall be made by the Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers of his said

Royal Highness, in the Order specified in such Plan and Estimate, and r.o other -t for which Disbursements,

tm be made in the Order so specified, the Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers for the Time being of

Provided

ablishment, or

Estimate of Expences, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the principal Officer or Officers, or

other Persons concerned in the Management of his Royal Highness’s Household, being directed so to do by

his Royal Highness, to state such Alteration as may be thought necessary to be made therein ; and if the

Came shall be approved of by his Royal Highness, such Alteration so made in the Plan of Establishment,

or Estimate of Expences, of his said Royal Highness, shall be lodged as is herein-before mentioned.

Fftr

10 UC IlldUC lift Uiw V1UU uiw JL KUIU1U \Ji pi V-/ ill v. w 1 U1 40 IVJ1 lilt 1 11111

his Royal Highness shall be responsible, and liable to answer the Damages to the Party grieved:

nevertheless, that if it shall at any Time be necessary or expedient to alter the said Plan of Establif

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Debts now due and owing by his Royal Highness

[ball be paid and discharged, (provided the fame shall be discharged during the joint Lives of his Majesty

and his Royal Highness,) and the said Commission shall cease and determine, and the whole Sum of sixty-

ftve thousand Pounds become payable to his Royal Highness, or such Person as he shall appoint, as is herein-

before enacted, then and in such Cafe the principal Officer or Officers concerned in the Management of his

Royal Highness’s Household, shall, within two Months after the Determination of the said Commission,

form a new Rian of the Establishment of his Royal Highness, in distintft Departments and Classes, with the

Salaries and Payments in each Class, and each individual Office therein, and an Estimate of the annual Ex-

pencesof each Department therein, and the fame, after being approved by his Royal Highness, shall be laid

b'-fote the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and before both Houses of Parliament, within

tea Days after the first Day of the next Session of Parliament after the Determination of the said Com-

million.

farther enacted, That the Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers of his Royal

% ^is for the Time being, shall cause a Book or Books to be kept, 111 which all Payments for any of the

Commissioners

10 give an Ac-

count of their

Proceedings to

the Treasury.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue*

Treble Costs*

Principal Offi-

cer of the

Prince to make

out a Plan of the

Establishment

,of hi* Royal

Highness, Scc.

Di fburfements

from the

Prince's Reve-

nues to he

made by the

Treasurer, for

which he shall

be responsible.

Plan may be al<

tered.

When the

Commission

shall cease, a

new Plan of the

Eft abli fitment

of the Prince

to be made out,

Ac c.

15 Geo. Hi.

ii

Furpoles

Treasurer of the

Prince to cause

Payments to be

