A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 79—8r

355

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for reducing the Duty payable on Black Lead imported into this Kingdom.

[14th May 1796,]

c WHEREAS it is expedient for the more effectual preserving and encouraging the Manufacture of

Black Lead Melting Pots in this Country, to reduce the Duty payable on the Importation into,

and to alter the Drawback allowable on the Exportation of Foreign Black Lead from Great Britain \

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Duty to be paid on the Importation, and the

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation, of Foreign Black Lead,'by virtue of an Act, passed in the

twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ACI for repealing the Several Duties

of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together

with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue \ for permitting the Importation o f certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this

Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annui-

ties on Livesy to the Reduction of the National Debt, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed, (except as to

the Recovery and Payment of Arrears,) and instead and in lieu thereof, the Duty on the Importation, and

the Drawback on the Exportation, of Foreign Black Lead, shall be respectively as follows; videlicet.

Duty.

Black Lead the Hundred Weight

B I'

d.

Drawback.

£■

s. I d.

6

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty and Drawback by this Act im-

posed and allowed, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in

like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as

the Duty on the Importation, and the Drawback on the Exportation, of Black Lead are now raised, levied,

collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited

Aa. /

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Licences to fell Gloves and Mittens by Retail.

«c

’14th May 1796.]

25 Geo. III. Cat). 5$. and 34 Geo. III. Cap. 10. recited. Duties imposed by the first recited Act on Li-

confesto vend Gloves and Mittens toceafe, from the passing of this Act.”

CAP. LXXX I.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Melasses from any Country in British Ships or

Vessels, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, for

a limited Time.—[14th May 1796.]

4 X X 7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a

limited Time, the making of Low IVines or Spirits from IVheat, Barley, Malty or any other Sort of

4 Grain, or from any Mealy Floury or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the

4 Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Confurnption, on Payment of Duty \ it is amongst

4 other Things enaaed, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

4 five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of

c Great Britain called England; and from and after the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand leven hundred and ninety-six,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared,

4 extracted, or distilled, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any

4 Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame: And whereas by an Act, passed in the present Sei-

4 fion of Parliament, intituled, An ACi to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, ?nade in the last Session

4 of Parliament, intituled, “ An ACI to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low IVines or Spirits from

44 Jf'heat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran \ and for permitting

%l Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on

44 Payment of Duty; and to prohibit the DifUllaiion of Low IVines or Spirits from Mclcffes, of the Alanufac-

44 ture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes the said recited Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia-

4 ment, is further continued until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and mnety-seven,

and all the Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Act to prevent the

4 Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and the several other Articles therein enumerated, arc

4 extended to the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits from Me-

4 lades, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom; or from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture with the lame

4 respectively:

The Duty and

Drawback fixed

by 27 Geo. III.

Cap. 13. re-

pealed.

New Duty and

Drawback,

To be levied and

paid a* under

the recited A&.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 119. and

36 Geo. III.

Cap. 10. recited.

