73&

C. 39, 40. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798

•.CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

IVares, and Merchandize in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay,

and Santa Lucea, in the Island 0/Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of

Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port 0/Naflau

in the Island <5/New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations

and Rejlriftions,

May

a?Geo. 3-e. 27.

w

Any Good s of

European Ma-

tnifaAure may

be exported in

Kritish Vefltls

owned and

as also any

Goo^s legally

imported into

any of those

Islands from

any Colony in

the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in

the Port of Saint George in the Island 0^ Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and

in the Port of Nallau in the Island 0/*New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regula-

tiens and Restrictions, it is amongst other Things ena£led, that no Goods or Commodities whatever of

the Growth, Produ£tion, or Manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape

of Good Hope, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be exported from the Islands -of Grenada

or Dominica, or from the Bahama Islands, to any other British Colony or Plantation in America

or the IVefl Indies, upon Pain of the Forfeiture in the said ACt mentioned: And whereas it

is expedient, that Goods and Commodities of the Manufacture of Europe should be permuted to

be exported from the said Islands, to any British Colony or Plantation in America or the IVefl

Indies be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to export,

in any British Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, from the Islands of Grenada, Do-

minica, Antigua, and Trinidad, or from the Bahama Islands, to any British Colony or Plantation in

America ox the IVefl Indies, any Goods or Commodities whatever of the Manufacture of Europe; any

Thing in the said Act, or any other Act, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

navigated according to Law, from Grenada, See, to any Biitifli Colony in America or the West Indies ;

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful to export in British Ships, owned and*

navigated according to Law, from the Islands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, and Trinidad

or from the Bahama Islands, to any Britijlo Colony or Plantation in America or the IVefl Indies, any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported into any of the said Islands of

Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, Trinidad, or the Bahama Islands, from any of the Colonies or

America, be- Plantations in America belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European-Sovereign or Suite.

longing to any foreign European State.

in case of III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Doubt shall arise whether such Goods,

I)Xtbtoft?*’*iC" Wares, or Merchandize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported into the said Islands of

perution to be Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, or Trinidad, or into the Bahama Islands ref;>e£tively, the Legality

proved before of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller, or other

Exportation of Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

Coeds. shall be suffered to be shipped for Exportation. - •' •

CAP. XL. - « i 7 My H

An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited

Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties

on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

4 v , ’ ‘ ' V froth May 1798.J

c Most gracious Sovereign,

C \J f^REAS the charging separately the several Rates and Duties payable upon Houses, Windows,

‘ VV or.Lights, and upon Inhabited Houses, and the additional Rates upon the Amount thereof, has

c been found inconvenient; and it is expedient that the said several Rates and Duties, and also the Duties on

c Clocks and Watches, should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof:’ We, your Majesty’s most

dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

From April 5, with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

3798, in Eng- assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand (even

land, and the hundred and ninety-eight, in that Part of Great Britain called England*\ and from and after the Term of

5 *1 - . Ifliitfunduy

