A

T A B L E

OF THE ,

ft

Public and Private Statutes,

■jjjfrp CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

ving Annoying Regni 38 Georgii III.

1: \ N A& to amend and continue, until one Month

/ \ after the Conclusion of the present War, the Pro-

visions contained in an Act, passed in the Session of Par-

liament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His

present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one, videlicet, on the

twenty second of June one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-seven, for the Restrictionon Payments of Cash by

the Banlc.

u An Acfc to continue until the Expiration of thirty Days

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, an Adf, passed in the Session of Parliament of the

thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Ma-

jesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet,

on the twentieth of Julyohc thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in

this ‘present Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act to re-

* vfae and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Art,

4 passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An

4 Act to allow me Banks, and certain Banking Companies,

4 in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue

4 Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited

* Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued

38 Gko. 111.

4 Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the

4 United Kingdom,* for a limited Time.

3. An A£1 to continue, until the full Day of March one,

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act passed

in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-

seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-

two, videlicet, on the sixth of June one thousand (even

hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation

of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not

being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Pur-

pose of being warehoused for Exportation.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to His ?Jajesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

6. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament haldcn

in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present

Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the sixth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to

g (educe

l 1 a, • 1 * - 5 * ' 7

