554

w

Xxpenees of

Appeals, Sec.

pot to be

charged to, or

paid out of, the

County Rate.

Public Act.

f Ssc Seat. 34

Cti. 3* f. 76* ]

Cap. 19.

of Cap. 27.

On every Afllflf-

ment made after

April 5, 1797,

under 24 Geo.3.

StfT. 2. C.38.

and 36 Geo. 3.

c. 15,16, and

124, in respect

of Duties under

the Manage*

ment of the

Comm ilTi oners

for Taxes, an

additional Duty

of 10L perCent.

on the Amount

to be levied.

On every AssessT-

ment made after

April 5, 1797,

under24Gco>3.

Sefl*. 2. c. 31.

and 29 Geo. 3.

c. 49. in respect

of Duties on

Horses kept for

riding, or draw*

C. 65—69. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III, A.D. 1797.

Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cafe by

Law. , v

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law,

as betwixt Parirti and Parish, or betwixt any Person or Persons and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person

or Persons, respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating tathe

County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and

paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions, as the said Justices

upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Sessions shall award and order the fame, or as such Courts

wherein such Act ions, Suits, or Proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be

charged to, or paid out of, the County Rate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, with-

out specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for revelling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former

Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.—[25th May 1797.]

cap. lxvii.; ;

* r 5

An Act to embank and drain the open and unembanked Lands and Grounds lying between The Dales Head

Dyke and the River JVitham, in the several Townships or Hamlets and Parishes of IValcot, Timberland~

Thorpe^ Timberland, Marlin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln.—[25th May 1797* ]

CAP. LXVUI.

4 /

An Act for charging the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the second, third, fourth, and fifth Dif-

tridls, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Iste of Ely, and County of Cambridge, with fur-

ther Taxes for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners for the said Districts respectively,

under certain Acts passed in the twenty-second Year of King George the Second *, and in the twelfth Year

of His present Majesty f; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving the Drainage of the said

Lands and Grounds.—[25 th J&y 1797.]

cap. lxix. '& I Jj

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties

under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

[6th June 1797. J

4 Mofl Gracious Sovereign,

4 \X/E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enacted;’’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every Assess'ment which shall have been made, or which

shall be made, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, under and by

virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament hereinafter next mentioned; that is to say. An Act passed in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties on

Tea, and for granting to his majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and alj'o several Duties on inhabited Houses;

and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Exrife thereon; one

other Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grafting to his Majesty new

Duties on certain Horses not charged with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules; one

other Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several addi-

tional Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned; and one

other Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties

on Dogs; for or in respectof the several Rates and Duties thereby granted under the Management of the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds for every

hundred Pounds of the gross Amount thereof in such Assessment.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon every Assessment which shall have been, or which shall be made,

after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, under or by virtue of any Act or

Acts of Parliament hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, under or by virtue of one Act, passed in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain

Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, and on Horses ujed in drawing certain Carriages, in respect

whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable 5 under or by virtue of one other Act, passed in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act,

10 pojfed

