I

If4.

7

372

C. 87.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796

The Act to ex

tend to Exccu

tors, &c. of

Pawnbrokers.

General Idfue.

Inhabitants of

any Place

where Offences

committed

deemed compe-

tent W itndfes.

XXVI. And be it farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Provisoes, Regula-

" tiens, and Clauses contained in this present Act shall, from and after the End of this present Session of

Parliament, extend to and include the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of all and every deceased

Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the fame extend to and include the Pawnbroker when living, faveand

except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable far any

Penalty or Forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless the

fame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own Act or Neglect.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or. Persons shall at

any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them, done or exe-

cuted in pursuance of this Act. or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Per-

fons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence;

and if upon the Trial a Verdict (hallpafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall

become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, or

them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits,

Informations, Trials, and other Proceedings, in pursuance of this Act, or in Relation to any Matter or

Thing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place, in which any Offence or Offences

shall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evi-

dence, and (hull be deemed competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or

Inhabitants of the Parish, Town, or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have

been committed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom

any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be

drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

Form of Con-

‘Viftion.

*#. 5 RE it remembered, That o

to Wit. j D Rdgn? A B js conyiaed

on this

before

Day of

in the

Year of his Majesty’s

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

Riding or Division of the said County of-----$r, for the City,

-v as the Cafe flail happen to be] for-----and the said-----do adjudge him

[or, her] to pay and forfeit for the fame, the Sum of -■ Given under----- the -----Day and

said County of

Liberty, or Town of

[or, for the

>

Year aforesaid.’.

Appeal

Continuance of

this Act.

And the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the fame, so drawn

up in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment* and transmitted to the next

General or Quarter SeiTiyn of the Peace to be hlelTiortlie'County, Riding, DivifiQn, City, Town, Lr-

Berty, or Hace, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the.Records of the said

General or Quarter Session; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment

of the said Justice or Justices to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in such General or Quarter

Session are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form or to the Effect

aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal at such next Sef-

fions, and not afterwards, according to the Dircdtions of this Act, any Law, Custom, or L'lage, to thecon-

trary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings

had thereon, in pursuance of this Act. \

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person

convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the

Tudgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or file shall have been convicted, such Person shall have

Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the_General or Quarter Section of the Peace which shall be held for the

Civility, Riding, Division, City, Libert^,1 1 own, or r 1 ace, where such Judgment shall have been given,

and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Cafe be suspended, ehe Person so convicted en-

tering into a Recognizance. at the l ime of such Conviction. with two sufficient Sureties, in double the

Sum which such Penonfhall have been adjudged topay'or forfeffTupon Condition to prosecute such Appeal

v/ith Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their said

next General or Quarter Section, and to pay such Coils as the said Justices in such Session shall award on

such Occasion, which RccognizanceYhetaid Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had,

is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session

are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award

such Coils as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party: and if, upon the Hearing

of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or J uTlTcesDelbre whom the Appellant (bill have been con-

vidled shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she (Hall have been ad-

judged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session shall award

to be paid for defraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal, or in De-

fault of making such Payment shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this Act inflicted upon Per-

fons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to

be paid by or imposed upon Persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. Andfie it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force for three

whole Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XXXII. And

1

