A.D. 1795. Anno tricehmo quinto Georgii III. C.125,126. £23

ment of such Revenue, deliver a Particular in Writing of the said Debt or Demand, to such proper Officer'

within ten Days after the Expiration of the Quarter of a Year in which such Debt or Demand was incurred,

every such Debt or Demand shall be barred both at Law and in Eauity; and all Bonds, Bills, Notes, or other

Securities for Money, given or made in Consideration of any Debt or Demand, whereof the Particulars, in

Writing, shall not be delivered according to the Directions of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents

and Purposes; and that if any Officer of, or Person employed by, such Heir Apparent, to whom the Par-

ticulars of such Debts or Demands shall be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, shall negledfc

or refuse to insert the fame in his Account of the Quarterly Expences incurred in the Manner before di-

redted, every such Officer shall be liable to pay the Amount thereof in Damages to the Party grieved.

Demands not

delivered in li-

mited Time, f

be barred, and

Securities for

such Debts void.

Officer neglect-

ing to insert

Demands in

Quartetly Ac-

counts, liable to

Payment of them.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That no ACtion or Suit, either at Law or in Equity, shall be brought,

commenced, or prosecuted, by any Creditor against such Heir Apparent in his own Name, as a Party for

the Recovery of any Debt or Demand whatsoever due, or claimed to be due, from such Heir Apparent,

which shall accrue after the said first Quarterly Day for the Payment of such Revenue, nor upon any Bond,

Bill, or Note, nor upon any Security given for the securing any Debt or Demand due from such Heir

Apparent, but that ell Proceedings in any such Action or Suit shall be null and void to all Intents and

Purposes.

IX. And, in order that due Provision may be made for the Recovery of the just Debts of such Heir Ap-

parent, be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Demand shall be made, or a Debt shall be claimed,

which Demand or Debt shall have wholly accrued after the said first Quarterly Day for the Payment of such

Revenue, and within the Quarter preceding such Claim or Demand, and the Particulars thereof shall have

been delivered to such proper Officer within the Time herein-before limited, and the fame shall not be paid,

it shall be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors, at any Time within three Calendar Months after Delivery

of such Particulars, but not afterwards, to 1‘uc and prosecute for the Recovery of such Debt or Demand, in

which Action or Suit the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent, to whom

the Particulars of the Demand shall have been delivered, shall be made Defendant, and the like Proceedings

shall be had in such Action or Suit as if the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time

being were the real Party therein, save and except that notwithstanding the Plaintiff may obtain Judgment,

no Execution shall issue against the Person of the Treasurer or other principal Officer or Officers for the

Time being, nor against his or their proper Effects, but the Judgment shall be a Charge upon the Funds

of such Heir Apparent which shall be in, or come into, the Hands of such Treasurer or other principal Of-

ficer or Officers within two Quarters after the Quarter in which the Debt or Debts for which such Action

shall have been brought, and Judgment obtained, {hall have accrued; and such Funds, whenever the fame

shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers, shall be liable to the Pay-

ment of the Debt or Damages, and Costs, recovered in such Action or Suit, in Preference to all Debts and

Demands, except such as shall have arisen in consequence of any prior Judgment, which shall have been

obtained as is herein-before directed; and a Note or Docket of every Judgment so obtained as aforesaid shall

be entered by the Creditor obtaining the said Judgment in the Office of the Treasurer or other principal Of-

ficer or Officers of such Heir Apparent within ten Days after signingthe fame, in order to entitle him to the

Benefit of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Establishment of such Heir Apparent, or other

Person intruded with the Management of such Revenues, shall neglect or refuse to prepare, make up, or

transmit, any Account or Accounts, or to audit and investigate the fame, or to pay and apply the Monies in

his Hands for that Purpose, in the Order and Course to be settled and established by virtue of this Act, or shall

divert or mifcpply the fame, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall wilfully

omit to insert in his Quarterly Account the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors delivered within

the Time allowed by this Act, or shall wilfully prepare, make up, or transmit any folfc Account, every

such Officer or other Person so offending against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall

We liable to pay Damages to the Party grieved; and that all Penalties and Damages incurred by any Person

or Persons by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, by Action of Debt,

or on the Cafe, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, in which no Essoin,

Protcdtion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed*

No Action to tv;

brought against

Heir Apparent

for any Debt

which shall ac-

crue after the

first Quarterly

Day of Payment.

For Demands.

delivered in

Time limited.

Creditors may

fuc within three

Months after

Delivery.

HTu

Treasurer to b*

made Defend-

ant,

Judgment to-

hr a Charge upon

the Heir Appa-

relit's Funds,

fee.

Officer negJcft.

ing to prepare

Accounts, or to

apply Monies

as settled by this

Act, or mifap-

plying Monies,

ttc. liable to

Damages, which

may be sued for

in ary Court at

W eftminfttr.

cap. exxvi.

An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple-

Bar i for making a more commodious Street* or Pafiage, at Snow Hilly and for

raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum. of Money for those Purposes,

»*': ' [261I1 June X795.J

W* / T X J V f a K*

4 TI WHEREAS the Entrance into the City of London, at and to the Westward of Temple Bar, in the

Partfh of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, being the Principal Avenue for Car-

4 riages from Westminster into the said City; and also the Street called Snow Hill, in the Parish of Saint

4 Sepulchre, in the said City or the Liberties thereof, being the principal Avenue for Carriages into, or

1 through, the said City from the New Squares and Buildings on the i^orth-weft thereof; are too narrow

4 *nd incommodious for the passing and repaying, as well of Foot Passengers as of Coaches, Carts, and.

VUjb] VK] 4 other

