86

On Complaint,

the Magistrates

of London may

grant Warrants

for apprehend-

ing Offenders.

Persons in the

actual Corn-

mi fTi on of such

Offence may be

apprehended by

any Person, and

carried before a

Magistrate, who

may commit the

Offender if Pe-

nalty be not

paid.

Informers and

Constables en-

titled to the

Penaltie*.

Persons prepar-

ing or having in

their Custody

any Register or

Lift of Tickets

but as herein

particularized j

or keeping any

Place lor ex-

amining

"Tickets, by any

C. 36. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Letters, Figures, or Numbers thereon,

marking or denoting the Order or Time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the

Benefits to which any such Tickets may be entitled by virtue of this Act; or if any Person or Persons

whatever shall publifn, or cause to be published, during the Hours of drawing the said Lottery, any List,

Register, or Slip, containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, drawn on the Day of

publishing the fame, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures to denote the fame, or {hall publish, or cause or

procure to be published, any List or Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any

Marks, Letters, or Figures shall be placed to denote the Time of Day, or Order in which any Tickets

shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote the fame, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully

convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and that it {hall and may be lawful for the

Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of London, for the Time being, upon Complaint made upon Oath, or

solemn Affirmation, of any Offence committed against this Act, in any of the Particulars before mentioned,

whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending

such Offender; and if any Person or Persons shall be found or discovered, at the Time and Place of

Drawing as aforesaid, in the actual Commission of any such Offence, it {hail and may be lawful for any

Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be

conveyed, before one of the Magistrates aforesaid, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded

against in such Manner as is herein directed; and when any Person or Persons {ball be apprehended, or

brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such

Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Cafe; and, upon due Proof upon Oath,

or solemn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence

accordingly, and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be

immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time, not exceeding fourteen

Days, nor less than five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall

be satisfied; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use of the In-

former or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before such

Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or

Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

“ Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c. to forfeit co/. Form of Conviction. Penalty may

44 be mitigated. Convidlions not removeable. Commissioners mall not be required to grant a Licence for

u dealing in Lottery Tickets, unless it shall appear that the Party is of good Character and Reputation, and

44 able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and he shall have deposited a certain Number of Tickets,

44 Persons to whom Licences are granted, to give Bond agreeably to 22 Geo. III. Cap. 47. At the

44 End of 12 Months after Expiration of Licences, the Commissioners may give up Bonds or put them in

44 Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting to depont or divide into Shares 50 Tickets to be void; and the

48 Defaulters to be published in the Gazette, In Cafes where Licences under 22 Geo. III. Cap 47. are

44 declared void, in such Cafes Licences granted after the Commencement of this Act shall be void for

44 Offences against this Act, or 27 Geo. III. Cap. i* Licences may be refused to Persons convicted. Per-

44 fons continuing on their Houses the Words Licensed, &c. after Expiration of their Licences, &c. to

44 forfeit 20/. Executors, &V. may be authorized to carry on Business for the Residue of the Terms of

44 Licences. No Tickets to be divided into any other Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Six-

44 teenths, on Penalty of 50/. Application and Recovery of Penalties. Form of Shares of Pickets. Per-

44 fons counterfeiting Shares, (zfc. guilty of Felony.”

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prepare,

make, fell, or buy, or to have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office,

or Place, any Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other

than complete Numeiical Registers or Lifts containing all the Tickets in the said Lottery, in Books of the

respective Dimensions before mentioned and provided by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and

stamped in the Manner herein directed, and sold to such Person or Persons, or such Numerical Lift of each

Day’s Drawing, as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and

Directors, or true and full Copies of such Numerical Lifts of each Day’s Drawing; nor for any Person or

Persons to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order,

Course, or Priority of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall

belong, under this Act, as being fiift or last drawn on any Day; nor to set down in any such Register or Lift,

or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which any such Picket shall be drawn on any

Day, or in any Manner whatever, eirher by writing or printing, to mark, denote, or signify the Order,

Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such 'Picket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as

aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his or their Custody or Possession,

or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift containing any Numbers of the

Tickets in the said Lottery, other than such stamped Numerical Registers or Lilts, or such Numerical Lifts

of efcch Day’s Drawing, or Copies thereof as aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift whatever,

either by writing or printing, the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or

Tickets, other than such 'Pickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures, or

Numbers, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day.of such Drawing, ex-

cept as aforesaid; or shall by himself or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or

Place for examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place, shall examine, or cause to be examined, for any*

other Person or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of

such

6

