A.D. 1798.'

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C.lv.

w

cc

«c

making of Bread, and to regulate the Pi ice and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate

Meal, F lour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the A fixe and making of Bread to he fold in the City of

London, and the Liberties thereof and within the JVeekly Bills of Mortalityand within ten Miles of the

Royal Exchange 5” and I do further swear, That I will not use, or cause to be used, any Allum or other

pernicious Ingredients in the making of Bread or Rolls to be sold by me.*

Which Oath (or Affirmation) the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, (whether such

Baker shall reside within the said Lord Mayor’s Jurisdiction or not,) or any other Justice of the Peace within

whose Jurisdiction such Baker shall reside, is hereby authorized and required to administer," upon being duly

applied to for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office

of the said City, and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be so administered, certified, ^nd regftered,

without any P'ee or Reward to be demanded or paid for the fame 5 and in case any Person shall carry on the

Trade and Business of a Baker, or shall make Bread for Sale within the said City, or the Liberties thereof,

or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, without taking the said Oath,

•or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the Directions of this A&, every such Person so offending shall, on

being convicted of such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

% % \

V. And be it further ena£led. That the General Return or Account, by the said Act of the thirty-

seventh Year of his present Majesty directed to be prepared every Monday by the Meal Weighers of the City

of London, or by such other Persons as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City shall appoint, of

and concerning the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall, from and after

the Commencement of this Act, be prepared from and by Means of the Weekly Accounts of xMeal and Flour

hereinbefore directed to be delivered as aforesaid ; and every such General Return or Account shall contain

• the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices, and Average Price, of all such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, as shall

have been bought by the Bakers and other Persons making Bread for Sale within the said City and Liber-

ties, and Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, within the Term or Space of the

seven Days next preceding the Saturday which shall have last elapsed at the Time of preparng such General

Return or Account, or the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices, and Average Price, or so much of the fame

Meat and Flour as shall be mentioned in the said Weekly Accounts of Meal and Flour for those seven Days

-only.

VI. And be it likewise enabled. That if any Baker or other Person making, or who shall make. Bread

for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality.‘or within ten

Miles of the Royal Exchange, or any Meal Weigher of the City of London, or other Person or Persons who,

in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, or of this Act, shall be ap-

pointed by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to certify and return the Quantities and

Brices of Meal and Flour made of Wheat, shall in any wise neglect, omit, or refuse to make, deliver, or

leave, a^y such Account or Return, or printed Form filled up and signed as aforesaid, as is by this Act re-

quired or directed to be made, delivered, or left by him, her, or them respectively, according, to the true In-

dent and Meaning of this Act, or shall designedly or knowingly make, deliver, or leave, or cause to be

made, delivered, or left, any false Account or Return, or printed Form filled up aifd signed as and for any

such Account or Return as is required by this Act; or if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refute

ornegledl toobserve or obey any Warrant in Writing which shall be delivered to him, under the Hand and

Seal of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or to do any other Act requisite to be done by him or them,

for carrying this Act, or any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, into Execution ; then every Person

so offending in any of the Premises shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof,

any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any

such Offender or Offenders shall beacon vicled, shall think fit and order.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Person making, or who shall make. Bread

for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten

Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall at any Time corruptly, or in order to evade this Act, have or receive,

directly or indirectly, of or from any Person of whom he shall have bought, or shall intend to buy, any

Meal or Flour, any Allowance, Payment, or Gift in Money, or otherwise, by way of lessening the Price

or Cost of such Meal or Flour, or lo as thafr the actual Cost thereof shall be thereby in reality or virtually

made less than what shall in such Weekly Account as aforesaid be set forth as the real Price of the fame Meal

or Flour, then and in every such Cate, as well every Person so corruptly making, allowing, or giving such

Allowance, Payment, or Gift, aslaft mentioned, as also every Baker or other Person so having or receiving

the fame, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

V JII- 4 And whereas, by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An ASlfor granting

c to his Majesty additional Duties on £Wf, the Price of that Article is materially increased, by reason where-

4 of the Bakers would be considerably injured, if fomc Allowance were not made to them on Account of

4 such additional Duties ;* be it therefore enacted. That, from Time to Time, when and so often as the

Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, shall, in

setting the Assize of Bread in Execution of the said Act of the thirty-teventh Year of his present Majesty,

and of this present Act, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Wheat, they or he shall,

' 6D 2 immediately

Lord Mayor or

a Justice to ad-

minister the

Oath, and tO-

granta Certifi-

cate, to be re-

giftered in the

Town Clerk’s

Office.

5I Penalty for

making Bread

without taking

the Oath, &c.

Rrturn required

by $ z. of re-

cited A& to be

prepared every

Monday by the

Meal Weighers,

shall be prepared

from the Weekly

Accounts of

Meal and Flour,

and shall contain

certain Particu-

lars.

Penalty on

Bakers and

Meal Weighers

for not making

Rerurns, or

making false

ones, and on

Peace Officers

for Neglect of

Duty.

Penalty on

Bakers for re-

ceiving, and on

Persons felling

Meal or Flour,

forgiving any

Allowance foas

that the Cost

shall be made

less than Ifated

in Weekly Ac-

counts.

Cap. 43. of the

Public Acts of

this Session,

p. 755,)

recited [Andlte

c. 6x- />. 8*1.)

In setting tl*

Assize of Bread,

§d. per Quarter

to be added*

