668

C.i36

138. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Penalty to be

paid on stamp-

ing laid Bills;

40s if before

the bill is pay-

able; toi. after

avard*.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That if any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

Draft, or Order, shall be produced to the said Commissioners before the fame shall be payable according to

the Tenor and Effect thereof, the fame shall be damped on Payment of the said Duty, and the Penalty of

forty Shillings; but in case such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, shall

be payable, according to the Tenor and Effect thereof, before the Production thereof to the said Commission-

ers for the Purpose before mentioned, then the fame shall not be stamped, unless on Payment of the Duty

and the Sum of ten Pounds for the said Penalty.

jL- lt j* i#{Oi v

CAP. CXXXVII. *' A - I

An Act to

tinue for

4 allow the

4 Notes for Sums under a attain Amount, for a limited "Time; and for indemnifying alt Persons who have

4 issued Notes for frnail Sums of Aloney in that Part of the United KingdomJ for a limited Time.

. 797.]

37 Geo. 3. r. 40. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 62. recited. The Act last recited further continued until the Expira"

tien of thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session.”

c a p. cxxxviii. , mmm

w Md % r

m f V ‘ *

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for better securing the Freedom cf Elections of Members to fervt

in Parliament, by disab ling certain Officers, employed in the Colie ftion or Management of His

Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, by extending the Provssions

thereof to Persons voting in any Meeting of Freeholders for Prefes or Clerk, or on any

Qudtion relative to the Adjuftmenc of the Roll o.f Freeholders, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland; and for empowering Freeholders to administer the Oath of

Trull and Possefljon to Persons offering to vote for Preles and Clerk.—[20th July 1797.]

«c

u

22 Gf 0. 3.C.4I

fc cited,

noting certain wjitter j, ernyicytu m tut collection ur iv±unagerncni oj rju j.vsujrjij j /vc verma^j > vm g* v,fl& tuctf

Votes at such Elections: And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, at the Meetings for Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Persons who are de-.

dared by the said Act incapable of voting at such,£leftions giving their Votes for the Choice of Prefes or

Clerk to the Freeholders, and on Questions relative to the Adjustment of the Roll, not only at such Elec-r

tiens, but at other Meetings of Freeholders, whereby the Votes of such Persons so incapacitated, although

not actually given for any iVlemher to serve in Parliament, yet may often be decifiveof such Election be

t therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice 2nd Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons described in the said recited Act,

and thereby rendered incapable of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, shall be capable

of voting at any Election for the Choice of a Prefes or Clerk to the Freeholders of any County in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, or on any Questions relative to the Adjustment of the Roll of I reeholders of

any such County, not only at such Elections, but at all other Meetings of the P reeholders of any such

County; and if any Person, hereby made incapable of voting, shall nevertheless presume to give his Vote

during the Time he shall hold, or within twelve Calendar Months after he shall cease to hold or execute,

any of the Offices mentioned in the said Act, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such

Votes so given shall be held null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so offend-

ing shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety

thereof to be immediately paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace of the Counties or

Stevvartries in that Part cf Great Britain called Scotland, to be applied and disposed of to such Purposes as

the Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County or Stewartry shall

think fit; to be recovered by summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland; and the Person

convicted on any such Suit shall thereby become disabled and incapable of their bearing or executing any

OfKce or Place of Trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Petfon at an Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for

any County, shall offer to vote in the Election of Preles and Clerk, it shall and may be lawful for any Free-

holder to put the Oath of Trull and Polled!on to him before giving his Vote, in the same Manner as is now

practised after the Preles and Clerk are chosen. . J ' $32

I ® W f . m ' # * V * #T£

ing to vote for Prefes and Clerk. *

N^> Person liable jj. Provided also, anti be it enacted, 'That no Person, shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this

tro(S!med”11* Act laid or imposed, unlcls Protection be comm.need within twelve Months after such Penalty or Forfeit-

No Person de-

feribed in the

recited A& as

incapable of

voting for a

Member of Par-

liament, to vote

for a Prefes or

Clerk to the

Freeholders in

Scotland, &c.

Penalty for

voting tool.;

and incapacity

to serve his Ma-

jesty.

Any Freeholder

may put-the

Oath of Trust

and PoflTcfliua

to Persons offer-

within a Ye.r.

ure shall be incuried.

11

CAP.

