A.D. 1796.

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

C. 4.

of them, by their Order in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint and constitute a Place or

Places of Rendezvous for the Reception of Men enrolled by virtue of this A<5E

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the

Matters herein before required to be verified, such Person or Persons shall fufter the like Pains and Penalties

as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall

counterfeit* erase, alter, or falsify any Certificate or Return required or directed to be given or made by this

Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certfficate or Return so counterfeited, erased, altered,

or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person enrolled in his Majesty’s Service,

by virtue of this Act, shall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Per-

son, Estate, or Property of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the

Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby required to use his and

their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, and shall also be aiding

and assisting to the Officers of Just ice in seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to

Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Pur-

pose, to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers

of Justice in the apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convidfedl

before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fadt is committed, by the Oath of

les, shall be utterly di

within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty’s Service ; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Ge-

two credible Witnesses,

be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment

449

foi Reception o:

Men enrolled.

Penalty for

making falfr

Oath, counter-

feiting Certifi.

cates or'Re-

turns, Arc.

Persons enrol-

led accused of

Offences pu-

niflnble by

Law, fliai! be

delivered over

to the Civil

Magistrate.

Penalty on Of-

ficers not deli*

vering over such

Offenders, Arc,

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Com-

mnfioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That no Person who shall be enrolled in his Majesty’s Service by vir-

tue of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s Service by any Process whatever, other than

by some criminal Process, for some criminal Matter punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

for

v 0 ^ ' 4 *4 0

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forms of Enrolment and of the Returns which the

Justices of the Peace, and other Officers before mentioned, are required to cause to be made and returned of

the Number of Men levied for his Majesty’s Service, together with the other Particulars herein-before di-

rected* shall be made as follows: videlicet,

No Person en-

rolled shall be

taken out of

the Service hut

criminal Matter.

Enrolments and

Returns to he

made in the fol-

lowing Form.

I

I Names of Volunteers Parishes for Parishes Ages. Dcfcrip- Sums paid ^Sums di- 1 Days on

■Men enrol- or Substi- which they they belong tiens of to Voiun- retted to be which they

I led. tutes. serve. te. their Per- tcers or paid to the i were en •

• fons. Subftrtutes lreafurerof rolled, and

• • .he County, at what

and to Places.

1 whom. r

1

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall

be enrolled, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and inch

Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service per-

formed before the Time of such Enrolment, or to such Time as he shall be obliged to quit the Service of

his said Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, it shall and ma^ be lawful, on Complaint made theieof

to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or Place, where such Master

or Mistress, Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Com-

plaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the

fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proportion to the

Service he has performed, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refuful or Non-

payment of any Sums so ordered, by the Space of seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice

shall and may issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

37GEO.IIL 3 N * such

A Justice rr.iy

settle Difpures

between Maf«

trrs and Ser

vants enrolled,

respetting

Wages.

