6*4 C. 103. ving Annoying tricesimofeptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797*

From the Day of

afTcmbling: the

Militia, the

Officers and

: Privates en-

titled tc the

fame Pay as the

other Forces.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties, not

particularly

(.rovided for*

Persons com-

mitted to Gaol

to be kept to

hard Labour,

LX. Anti be it further eroded, That from the Day appointed by the Lieutenant of every Count?,

Stewartry, City, or Place, cr on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence trom hi!

County, 'Stewartry, City,orPlace,[by]any three or more Deputy Lieutenants for theafiembling of the lMilitii

as aforesaid, in pursuance of his Majesty’s Orders in Council, the Officers and private Men of the Militu

shall be entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and private Men of his Majesty’s other Regiments of foot

receive, and no other.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the

Manner of Recovery whereof is not in this Act particularly provided for, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the

Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, or Place, where the Offence shall be

committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Efteds, by Warrant under the

Hand of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, alter deducting the Charges of such

Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made; and where the Goods

and Effects of such Offender shall not be sufficient to answer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to

.commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Offence

shall have been committed, for any T ime not exceeding three Months; and all F ines. Penalties, and F ur-

.feitures, by this Act imposed,the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid

to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or other Bodies of Militia, or, where there is no Clerk, the Com-

manding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or other Bodies of Militia, of the respective Counties,

Stewartries, Cities, or Places, and shall be made a common Stock in each County, Stewartry, City, or

Place, wherein the fame shall so arise, and the said Clerk shall give a particular Account thereof, as ic shall

arise, to any three Deputy Lieutenants, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of

.the Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any one Justice of the Peace, at their next

Meeting within their several Subdivisions; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three of them, or any

.two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant to-

gether with any two Justices of the Peace, shall cause Butts to be erected in some convenient Place or Places,

and shall direct the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to buy and provide, with some Part of the Money so

arising, a proper Quantity of Gunpowder and Ball, to be used at proper Limes by the Militia Men in (hoot-

ing at Marks, and to apply and dispose of such other Part of the Money aforesaid, as they shall think reason-

able, in some Prize or Prizes, to be given to such Militia Man or Men as shall by the Commanding Officer

then present be adjudged to be the best Marksman or Markfmcn, and to apply the Residue thereof to other

Contingencies relating to the Militia within such Division or District; and that in all Cafes when any Person

shall be committed to the County Gaol by virtue of this Act, he shall, during the Time of such Commit-

ment, be kept to hard Labour in such County Gaolt or be fed upon Bread and Water.

No Order of his

Majesty *s Lieu-

tenants, Sec. to

be delayed by

Advocation.

•On Death of

Lieutenant, his

Deputies to

act.

Limitation of

Treble Costs.

His Majesty in

Council may

suspend the

Execution of

this Act.

Continuance of

.Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants, or by any

one or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice dt the

Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the‘Peace, or by any Justice or

Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be delayed or set alide by Advocation or Sufpenfioii.

LXIII. And be it further enacted* That on the Death of any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants, his Deputy

Lieutenants shall continue to ad and exercise all the Authorities by this Act committed to them, until his

Majesty shall have appointed another Lieutenant, and until Commissions of Deputy Lieutenancy shall be by

him ifl'ued.

LXlV. And be it further enacted. That if any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought or

.commenced against any Person or Persons for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or

Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not

.afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, did arise,

and notelfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suts, to be brought,

may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Actions,

.Suit or Suits, shall be brought after the Time for bringing the fame, or if the Defendant or Defendants shall

be afloilzied in such Action or Actions, or if the Pursuer or Pursuers shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his

or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant shall have appeared, the Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or

have in other Cafes to recover Costs by the Laws of Scotland. . ' w. .c

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order

in Council, to suspend the Execution of this Act, either absolutely, or for any limited Time, and so from

Time to 'Lime as his Majesty shall fee Occasion, and to order and direct that all Proceedings in the further

Execution of this Act shall cease, either absolutely, or during such Time as in any such Order in Council

shall be limited for that Purpose, and thereupon all such further Proceedings shall cease accordingly; any

Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX VI. And be it further enacted, 'That this Act shall be and continue in Force during the pvferit War,

and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof.

