688

His Majesty ,

may add a fifth

Battalion othe

6oth Regiment,

and Foreigners

may serve

therein in

America.

F oreignOfficers

may serve and

receive Fay

therein.

2 of Stat 29

Geo. 2. c. 5, to

enable his Ma-

jesty to grant

Commissions to’

Foreign Pro-

testants, re-

pealed.

Foreign Offi-

cers to serve in

America only,

and may receive

Half Pay.

rtvfons assessed

to the Duties

on Male Ser-

vants, Carri-

ages, or Plea.

I'ure-Horses, to

pay an addi-

tional Duty on

the Amount of

C. 13—16. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

4 reign Officers to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such fifth Battalion:’ Be it enacted by the King's

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be

lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to augment the said fortieth Regiment of Infantry, by the-

Adtlirion of a fifth Battalion, to consist of one thousand Men, and to enlist as Soldiers, to serve in such

Battalion, any of the Foreign Troops now in his Majesty’s Pay, or other Foreigners who shall voluntarrly

enter themselves to serve as Soldiers therein in America.

6

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Foreign Officers who shall re-

ceive Commissions from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be Officers of such fifth Battalion in

America, (which Commissions it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant,)

shall and may be enabled to serve and receive Pay as Officers in the said Regiment.

III. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

4 An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number oj Foreign Protestants, zuho have

'served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under cer-

4 tain Rcftriftlons and Sjualxfications, it is amongst other T hings enacted, that the Number of Officers in

the said Regiment shall not, in the Whole, at any Time, exceed fifty, nor the Number of Engineers, in

the Whole, at any Time, exceed twenty*,’ Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited CTause in the

above-mentioned Act shall, from and after the passing of this present Act, be, and it is hereby declared to be

and (land totally repealed to all Intents and Purposes. _ . 5..a/,

IV. Provided also, That no such Foreign Officer shall be enabled by this Act to serve as an Officer in

any Place except America only; but every such Foreign Officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be capable

of receiving Half-Pay according to the Rank in which he shall then serve.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-

fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped

according to Law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the

twenty-nfth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide Admissions duly

stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indent-

ures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first Day of MichaeU

mas Term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks

of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until

the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.—[30th December 1797. J

/CAP. XV. 1 f 41 sBl

i

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; to continue until the twenty-

fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—[30th December 1797.]

cap. xvi.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the

War.—[12th January 1798.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign, t

4 \\J E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, feeling it our indispenlable Duty at the present Crisis, to provide effectually for rafting

the Supplies which are requisite to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences in the Prosecution of the jult

and necessary War in which we are engaged, for the Defence and Preservation of your Majesty’s Crown,

and of the Religion, Laws, Liberties, and Property of all your Majesty’s faithful Subjects, have freely and

4 voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Aid and Contribution hereinafter mentioned,

and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament aftlmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, annually, during the Term herein-

after mentioned, unto and for the-Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom

of Great Britain, the several additional Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money hererein-after mentioned ;

(that is to say); That every Person assessed to any of the Duties payable at and immediately before the pair-

ing of this Act, on Male Servants, on Carriages, or on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or of draw-

15 ing

