726

If any Person

residing or being

in Great Britain

shall thtre or

elsewhere make,

or procure to be

made, any Ad-

vance for Pur-

chafe of any

Debt due to the

States General

of the United

Provinces, kc.

he shall forfeit

1,cool, and

Treble the Va-

lue of the Ad-

vance.

[Srr Post. Cup.

45, as to Swit-

zerland; by § S.

of which, ti e Siat.

34 Geo. 3. c. 9.

i! a/fo extended

to the United .

Provinces.]

All Contrafts

touching such

Debts, &c. to

be void.

Any Person ne-

gotiating any

such Dealing, to

forfeit 500 1.

Recovery of Pe-

nalties.

Act not to ex-

tend to ary

Thing done by

Licence from

his Majesty.

33 Geo. 3.C.Z7.

to extend to the

United Pro

vinces, ai.d all

Places under the

Dominion of the

Persons exer-

cifing the Pow-

ers of Govern-

ment in the said

Provinces.

C. 28.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, T hat if any Person residing

or being in Great Britain during the said War, knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere,

shall make, or agree to make, or cause or procure to be made, any Advance of Money whatsoever, or of-

Goods* Merchandize, or Effe£Is, or other valuable T hing whatsoever, to any Government, or Body

Politic or Corporate, or any Persons or Person whomsoever; or shall accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate,

or agree to accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or cause or procure to be accepted, paid, indoifed, or ne-

gotiated, or shall guarantee or agree to be Security for the Payment of any Bill of Exchange, or other liiil,

Note, or Security for Money; for or in Consideration of any Purchase or T ransfer of any Debt or Debts,

or of any Share or Interest in any Debt or Debts due or owing to the States General of the said United

Provinces, or to the States of any of the said Provinces, or to the Government of the said Provinces, or

of any of them, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Territories or Places now dependent thereon,

.or under the Government of the States General of the said, United Provinces, or of the States of any of

the said Provinces, or of any Parts or Part thereof, or due or owing to any Persons or Person residing

or being within any of the said Provinces, Territories, or Places; or for or in Consideration of or upon

the Security or Credit of any such Debt or Debts; or shall knowingly and wilfully, in any Manner

whatsoever, purchase or agree to purchase, or become entitled to or interested in, for valuable Considera-

tien, or by Way of Security or Indemnity, any such Debt or Debts, or any Parts or Part of any such

Debt or Debts; every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one thousand

Pounds, and also Treble the Amount or Value of the Money, Goods, Merchandize, Effects, or valuable

Thing, so advanced or agreed to be advanced as aforesaid, or of such Bill of Exchange, or other Bill,

Note, or Security for Money, with respe<5l to which any such Dealing shall be had as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Contra&sand Agreements whatsoever, touching or concerning any

such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, or any Parts or Parc of any such Debt or Debts, or touching any Money

or other valuable Consideration, advanced or to be advanced for or in respect of any such Debt or Debts,

or for or in respect of any Goods, Merchandize, Effects, or other valuable Thing, fold or agreed to be

fold, or for or in respect of any Bills of Exchange, or other Bills, Notes, or Securities, drawn, accepted,

indorsed, negotiated, given, or executed in Consideration thereof, or by Way of Security, Indemnity, of

otherwise, for or concerning the fame, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Broker or other Person, residing or being in Great Britain,

shall knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain, or elsewhere, negotiate or transadl, for Commission or

otherwise, any Dealing prohibited by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of five

hundred Pounds, to any Person who will sue for the same.; , .-f! fejg

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid shall and may

III HUH L I Ul w f LUi JLJ f lllilrl VdllvU KJ L Ul IL4 ritdy U J i I v/1 im> liiiiwi j 1

of Session or Exchequer in Scotland; and to any such Information or Bill in Equity, the Party or Parties

again!! whom the fame shall be exhibited shall be obliged and compelled to answer upon Oath for Discovery

of the Dealings and Transactions by Means whereof such Penalties and forfeitures shall have been

incurred; and it shall be lawful for the Court wherein such Information or Bill shall be exhibited, to

proceed and decree thereupon, and enforce such Decree in the same Manner as is used in other causes in

the said Courts. ... ,

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to any Act which shall be done by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in

Obedience to any Licence or Authority from his Majesty, either under his Sign Manual, or by Order in

Council, or Proclamation, or by virtue of or in Obedience to any Licence or Authority from any Persons

or Person to be authorized by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or otherwise as his Majesty shall think

fit, to give such Licence or Authority; or to any Act done in his Majesty’s Service by any Person or

Persons who shall be employed therein.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend to the said United Provinces, ar.d the Terfons exercising the

Powers of Government therein, and to the Persons, T erritories, and Places under their Government

the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year ol his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

4 Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and P ranee, alt Traitorous

4 Corresponaence with, or Aid or Affjlance being given to, his Majesty's Enemies \ be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid. T hat, from and after the several T imes herein-after mentioned, and during the said

War, all and every the Provisions in the said Act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed, deemed,

and taken to extend, to the said United Provinces, and all and every the I erritories and Places under the

Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall, during the said War, exercise the Powers oI CjO-

vernment in the said United Provinces, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall, during the uid War,

reside or be within the same, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exer-

cifing, or who shall, during the said War, exercise the Powers of Government within the said r jovinces,

or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid; in such and the same Manner, to all utenrs

and Purposes, as if the said United Provinces, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforelaiJ, and every

