A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 116.

cife, (in which Cafe it shall bs lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and

for such Subaltern Officer who may be so permitted to be ablent, to demand and receive the said Annual Al-

lowance, and every Part thereof, in like Manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said Annual

Exerci fej the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, {hall be carefully and truly fpcci-

fied in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be transmitted as soon as

conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the Regiment or Corps

shall belong, tarhe Receiver General of the Land l ax for the same County, Riding, or Place, and to his

Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, "1 hat in case any Regiment or Corps of the Militia, after

the disembodying thereof, 'at any l ime, shall not be called out for the Annual Exercise and Training

thereof, every-Subahern Officer belonging to any such Regiment or Corps, and coming within the De-

sections of this Act, who shall have raken and subscribed the Oath herein-before mentioned, before any

such Justice of the Peace t.s aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern

Officer h id regularly attended the Annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Corps during the

Whole of the twenty-eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and a Certificate of such Attendance,

signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Corps, had been transmiited to the Lieutenant

and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment or

Corps belong, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary

hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted. That, upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and

Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment or Corps of Militia shall not have been called

out to their Annual Exercise, as aforesaid) upon a Certificate cf any such Justice of the Peace only being

produced to or received by the respective Receivers General of the Land Tax, it shall and maybe lawful for

such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers,

according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant or Ensign, the Annual Allowance above men-

tioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any public Monies in their

Hands, and to charge the fame in their respe&ive Annual Accounts of Monies disbursed for the LTle of the

Public ; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for

the Payments from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this A61.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, entitled orclaimingto be en-

titled to the Benefits of this A&, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Corps

10 which they belong, whenever the fame shall be embodied, and called out upon adUial Service ; and in

case of Neg!e£t or Refusal to attend when called upon, of in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second

'l ime neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the Annual Exercifeas before directed, each and

every such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said Annual Allowance, and every Part

thereof, in all Time to come, and shall also be considered as having resignedand vacated his and their Com-

iniffion and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That the said several Annual Allowances Avail be paid to the Persons re-

flectively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land 'Fax, upon the Production of the before-

mentioned several Certificates, as soon after the Times of the Annual Exercise and Training as may be

convenient and practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this A& contained fiiail extend, or be con-

lrr.ied to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of it, from receiving the Pay

allowed by Law for his Attendance at such Annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above

the said Annual Allowance : Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid, to the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, du-

ring the l ime the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Ser-

vice : Provided also, that this A«SI, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or

be coridrued to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than ten Com-

panies ; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven

Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine

Companies ; to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corjis, confiding of fix or of a

less Number of Companies.

4O9

IX. And be it further enacted. That in case in any Regiment, Battalion, -or Corps of the Militia, at the

l ime of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenant, coming within

the Defciipiions cf this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and

inati iuccecd to iuen Allowances in Kotation as vacancies may happen among me la

tenants from Time to l ime.

X. ‘ And whereas by an A& of Parliament paded in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present

4 Majesty, intituled, An Act for anunlMj^ and reducing into one A A of Parliament^ the Aaius relating to the

4 \Tilitia in that Part cf Great Britain coded England, it is enaiBcd, that the Lieutenant of any County,

% Riding, or Place, together with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or

4 in the Absence of any such Lieutenant, any five or more Deputy Lieutenants may, at the End of every

1 five Years, at their Annual Meetings to be holdcq as in the said AvR mentioned, in case the Militia of such

w County, Riding, or Place shall no: be then embodied, discharge a certain Number of Officers for the Pur-

Hy\ 1jjlF" 3 G 2 \ ofos

In cafr of Leave

of Absence, the

Reason for

granting it to be

infcited in the

Certificate,

■which mult alt®

be sent to the

Secretary of

State.

If Militia be nt>t*

called out to

Annual Exer-

cife, theSub-

airerns Pill to be

entitled to the

Allowance.

Allowances to

he paid without

Deduction.

Subalterns not

attending when

called upon to

forfeit tueir

Claims.

Allowances ta

br paid by Re-

ceivers General

on Production

of Certificates.

* t •

Subalterns may

receive Pay for

attending An-

nual Exercise ;

but not entitled

to the Allow-

alice while the

Militia is em-

bodied.

Allowance to

extend only toa

ccrtainNumlxr.

Senior I.ieufe*

nants to have

the Preference,

and the Junior

to Iuccecd on

Vacancies.

26 Geo. III.

Cap. 107. re-

cited.

