654.

C.i is

116. Anno tricesimo septimo G eorgii III. A.D. 1797.

<(

u

<c

<c

cc

4i

44

44

44

€4

<4

44 Value of the Tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times

14 limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers, &c- Commissioners of

the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500,000l. for the Payment of

the fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Sdfion; and shall be paid to the Pro-

prietors, without any Deduction, on [July t, 1798. Managers to g ve Notice of the Times for ex-

changing Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &V. and signed, Commissioners of

the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. No

44 Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, for Receipts, &c. on Penalty of 20/. No

Person to take down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Cleric

by the Managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed, to receive from the Stamp Office Numerical

Books, which shall be stamped on every Leaf. Commissioners to grant such Licences Only on Account

of licensed Lottery Offices. Unlicensed Persons taking down or publishing the Numbers of Tickets

drawn, &c. to forfeit 5/. On Complaint, the Magistrates of London may grant Warrants for appre-

hending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commilfioti of such Offence may be apprehended by any

Person, and carried before a Magi (Irate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid. In-

44 formers and Constables intitled to the Penalties. Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c. to

forfeit 50/. Form of Conviction. Penalty may be mitigated. Convictions not re.noveable. Commis-

sioners shall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing in Lottery Tickets, unlef* it shall appear that

the Party is of good Character and Reputation, and able to answer the Penalty required by Law, and he

shall have deposited a certain Number of Tickets, &V. Persons to whom Licences are granted,to give Bond

agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the End of twelve Months after Expiration of Licences, the Cc mmif-

sioners may give up Bonds or put them in Suit. Licences of Persons neglecting todeposit or divide into

Shares fifty Tickets, to be void; and the Defaulters to be published in the Gazette^ &c. In Cafes where

Licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47, are declared void, in such Cafes Licences granted after the Com-

mencement of this ACt shall be void for Offences against this ACt, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences

may be refused to Persons conviCted. Persons continuing on their Houses the Words Licensed, Scc. after

Expiration of their Licences, &c. to forfeit 20/. Executors, &c. may be authorized to carry on Business

u for the Residue of the Terms of Licences* No Tickets to be divided into any other Shares than Halves,

44 Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50/. Application and Recovery of Penalties. Form

4‘ of Shares of Tickets. Persons counterfeiting Shares, &c. guilty of Felony. Persons preparing or hav-

u

cc

u

c

tc

tt

cc

u

u

cc

44 ing in their Custody any Register or Lift of Tickets but as herein particularized; or keeping any Place

*4 for examining Tickets, by any other than such Lift, (jfc. to forfeit 50/. On Complaint on Oath of Of-

44 fences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1, whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices

44 may authorize Persons to break open Houses, Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in car-

rying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues, and may be arrested, CSV. Penalty on Persons

obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Transactions, to be

deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. Manner in which Actions for Penalties shall be commenced. Where

the Amount of Penalties sued for is not inferred in the Writs, the Defendant to be served with a Copy

<c of the Process, iffc. Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not

General lift

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

removeable by Certiorari.

ue. Treble Costs.”

cap. cxiv. ;ft

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer BiHs, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. 3,500,000l.— [19th July 1797 J

CAP. CXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis-

sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.—[19th July 1797.]

CAP. CXVL

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in

Time of Peace.—[19th July 1797.] , *

« y^HEREAS it is expedient to make feme Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the

of the

that

v ^ ^ — —--— — w

Militia Forces of this Kingdom, who Have served during the pufent War, after the disembodying ,

le Paid Forces, and during Peace, under certain Regulations; may it therefore please your Majesty

it may be enacted/

From disembodying the Militia, the Subalterns to have certain Annual Allowances over the Pay they

may be entitled to during Peace. Provided, that no Person possessed of such an Income as would qualify

him to hold a Captain’s Commission in the Militia, nor any Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment

of Militia, nor any Person deriving, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer of the Militia, any Income or

44 Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army, or

44 Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern’s Commission, and serve in the Militia, shall be entitled to the

41 said

«<

41

«C

