xxxviii The TITLES of the

129. An A# for naturalizing Frederick Heifch and John

Jacob Maui.

130. An Act for vesting the Manors and other Heredita-

ments situate in the County of Cambridge, devised by the

Will of Bridget- South cote Widow, deceased, in Trustees

for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the

Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be

settled to the Uses deviled by the said Will of the said

Bridget Southcote.

131. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the

Commons and Wade Grounds, within the Manor and

Parish of Selby, in the Weft Riding of the County of York-

132. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey Yajfall

(lately called Sir Godfrey JVebJler) Baronet, with Eliza-

beth Vajfall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

133. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the late

Earl of Bradford's Estates in the County of Salop, de-

vised by the Will of General Harry Pulteney, for the

Purpose of effecting an Exchange thereof with the Right

Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for settling

the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Uses and

Manner as.the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said

County of Salop, are now settled.

134. An Act for veiling the Freehold and Leasehold, or

Chattelhold Estates, respectively, comprized in the Mar-

riage Settlement of John Pinney Esquire, and Elizabeth

his Wife, and situate in the County of Somerset, in the

said John Pinney, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, discharged from the Uses and Trusts by such

Settlement limited and declared of the fame, and for

settling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattelhold

Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater

Value, lituate in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof.

135. An Act for appointing Trustees for carrying into

Execution certain Trusts and Powers contained in the

Will of the late Sir Henry Hoghton Baronet, in the Room

of Samuel Fenton Merchant, and Thomas Fenton Esquire,

the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life, in

the Life-time of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for en-

abling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the Lands

thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip

Hoghton, or Daniel Hoghton, or either of them, are or is

seised in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tenants for

Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances in Fee,

and Leases for Jong Terms of Years, for the Purpose of

Building.

136. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Parish, of Horton, in the County of Gloucester.

137. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the

Parish of Westm, in the County of Hertford.

138. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within

the Manor and Township of Hillam, in the Parish. of

STATUTES, 37 GIIL

Monk Fryjlonc, in the Wrest Riding of the County of

York.

139. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields,. Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the

Manor and Parish of Adjlock, in the County of Buck-

ingham*>; v ‘

140. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in

the Parish of Dra\ton Parjlow, in the County of Buck-

ingham*

141. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in Rounds, in the County of Northampton.

142. An Act for dividing and encloling the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's Wal-

den, in the County of Hertford.

143. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, or

itinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Com-

mons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bol-

ton Percy, in the County of the City of York.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the

pen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com*

mon Marlhes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods,

Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the

County of Surrey.

145. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, with-

in the Parish of Grcatford, in the County of Lincoln.

146. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the

Township of Pontefrafl, in the Weft Riding of the Coun-

ty of York, and making Compensation for the Great

Tythes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Town-

ships of Pontefract, Tan (he If, and Carle ton, within the

Parish of Pontefrady and also for the Vicarial Tythes of

the said Parish.

147. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes

of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the County of

Wilts.

148. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and

Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eynefbury, in

the County of Huntingdon.

149. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sidenham Teajk

Merchant, with Eleanor Buckle, his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.:

150. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois De Chemant.

151. An Act for vesting in a new Trustee the Sum of forty

thousand Pounds, given by a Codicil annexed to the Will

of John Tempest Esquire, to Farrer Wren and Robert

Shafto, Esquires, upon certain Trusts in the said Codicil*

mentioned.. *1 n; X

