256

C. 7, 8.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

0

A.D. 1796.

or trans-

ported for seven

Years.

^ w . | f

Persons banish-

or transport-

, found at

large within

Great Britain

before the Ex-

piration of their

Term, to fufler

Death.

Where Such

Persons may

he tried.

Certificate of

Conviction, &c.

to be Sufficient

Proof.

Limitation of

Actions for

Misdemeanor;

and '

no Persons to be

convicted there-

of but by the

Oath of two Witnesses.

Persons accused

of Treason, to

be entitled to

Benefit of 7 Gul.

III. Cap. 3. and

7 Ann®, Cap.11.

such Place as shall be appointed by his Majesty for the Transportation of Offenders; which Banishment or

Transportation shall be for such I erm as the Court may appoint, not exceeding seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender or Offenders, who shall be so ordered by any such

Court as aforesaid to be banished the Realm, or transported beyond the Seas, in Manner aforesaid, shall be

afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Caule, before the

Expiration of the Term for which such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be banished

or transported beyond the Seas as aforesaid, every such Offender being so at large as aforesaid, being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and such Offender

Or Offenders may be tried, either before Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, or Gaol

Delivery, for the County, City, Liberty, Borough, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be ap-

prehended and taken, or from whence he, she, or they was or were ordered to be banished or transported;

and the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk or Officer of the Court, having the Custody of

the Records where such Orders of Banishment or Transportation shall be made, shall, at the Request of the

Prosecutor, or any other Person on his Majesty’s Behalf, make out and give a Certificate, in Writing, signed

by him, containing the Eftc£t and Substance only (omitting the formal Part) of every Indictment and Con-

vidlion of such Offender or Offenders, and of the Order for his, her, or their Banishment or Transportation,

to the justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Great Sessions, cr Gaol Delivery, where such Offender or

Offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the fame more than two Shillings and six Pence); which Certificate

{bail be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Order for Banishment or Transportationrof such Offender or

Offenders.

IV. Provided always, T hat no Person or Persons, by virtue of this present Act, shall for any Mifde-

meanor incur any the Penalties hereinbefore mentioned, unless he, file, or they be prosecuted within fix

Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, and the Prosecution brought to Trial or Judgment

within the first Term, Sittings, Affixes, or Sessions in which, by the Course of the Court wherein such Pro-

fecution shall be depending, the Prosecutor could bring on such Trial, or cause such Judgment to be entered,

or in the Term, Sittings, Assizes, or Session which shall next ensue, unless the Court in which such Pro-

fecution shall be depending, or before which such lvrial ought to be had, shall, on special Ground ilated by

Motion in open Court, think fit to enlarge the Time for the T rial thereof, or unless the Defendant shall be

prosecuted to or towards an Outlawry; and that no Person shall, upon Trial, be convicted by virtue of this

Act, for any Misdemeanor, but by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses.

Act not to pre-

vent Profecu-

tien at Common

Law.

% -

i

r

t

4 0 - «r

No Meeting of

ir.OTe than fifty

Persons (except

County Meet-

ings, &c.) to he

holden for or on

Pretext of pre-

paring Petitions

for Alteration of

Matters efta-

blifiled in

Church or State,

v. left previous

Notice be given

by seven House-

holders, in some

N^wfpaper, Ac.

V. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That all and every Person or Persons that shall at any

Time be accused, or indicted, or prosecuted, for any Offence made or declared to be Treason by this Act,

shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty

King William the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating of Trials in Cafes of Treason and Misprision of

Treason; and also to the Provisions made by another Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh Year of her

late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to prevent or affect any Prosecution by Information or Indictment at the Common Law, for

any Offence within the Provisions of this Act, unless the Party shall have been first prosecuted under

this Act.

CAP. VIII.

_ * *__________

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

B--' - [ 18th December 1795*J

% 0

\T7 HEREAS Assemblies of divers Persons, collected for the Purpose or under the Pretext of deliberate

ing on Public Grievances, and of agreeing on Petitions, Complaints, Remonstrances, Declara-

4 tiens, or other Addresses, to the King, or to both Houses, or either House of Parliament, have of late been

4 made use of to serve the Ends of fadtious and seditious Persons, to the great Danger of the Public Peace,

and may become the Means of producing Confusion and Calamities in the Nation Be it enacted by the

King’s mo(t Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, I hat no Meet-

ing, of any Description of Persons, exceeding the Number of fifty Persons, (other than and except anjr

Meeting.of any County, Riding, or Division called by the Lord Lieutenant, Custos Rotulorum, or Sheriff

of such County; or a Meeting called by the Convener of any County or Steward y in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland; or any Meeting called by two or mo^e Justices of the Peace of the County or Place

where such Meeting shall be holden; or any Meeting of any County, having different Ridings or Divisions,

called by any two justices of any one or more of such Ridings or Divisions; or any Meeting called by the

major Part of the Grand Jury of the County, or of the Division of the County, where such Meeting shall

beholden, at their General Assizes or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; or any Meeting of 3iiy City,

or Borough, or Town Corporate, called by the Mayor or other Head Officer of such City, or Borough,

or Town Corporate; or any Meeting ofany Ward or Division of any City or Town Corporate, called by

the Alderman or other Head Officer of such Ward or Division; or any Meeting of any Corporate Body,)

shall be holden, for ihe Purpose or on the Pretext cf considering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint,

Rcmonftrance, or Declaration, or other Address to the King, or to both Houses, or either House of Parlia-

ment, for Alteration cf Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpose or on the Pretext cf deli-

7

