I

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 17, 18.

• V . i ^ j^r Jf ^ "

for the greatest Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept by such Dealer in Horses at any one Time

within the Year, for which a List is directed by the said teveral Acts, or this Act, to be delivered, in such

Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said last-mentioned Duties are therein, or by any other

A& or Acts of Parliament, directed to be assessed; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures for not delivering

Lifts of such Horses, and all Powers of correcting and amending such Lifts, and of surcharging the fame, shall

extend and be applied to all such Dealers in Horses, not being licensed as aforesaid, as amply and fully as to

any other Person or Persons whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That all the several Powers, Rules, Directions, and Provisions, con-

tained in the Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in relation to Licences granted

to Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall continue and be in full

Force in relation to Licences to be granted to Persons uling and exercising the said Trade and Business un-

der or by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-

enacted in this Act. ' . /V # \ -J

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising from the said Du-

ties herein* before granted on Licences, and all Arrears of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, shall, from

and after the passing of this Act, be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for

the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the ne-

ceftary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being dedudlcd) into his Majesty’s Receipt of Ex-

chequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as the other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parch-

ment, and Paper, are dirtdled to be paid, and the fame shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated

Fund ; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies that shall be paid into the said Re-

ceipt of the said Duties on Licences hereby imposed, and Arrears of Duties hereby repealed, one Moiety of

the Duties hereby repealed shall quarterly, on the fifth Day of 'January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day

of July, and the tenth Day ol October, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be set apart from the

other Moiety of the said Monies; and that, alter setting apart at the End of each such Quarter, one Moiety

of the said Monies arising or toarifeof the said Duties by this Act imposed, the other Moiety, or so much

thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying

the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session

of Parliament; and that trie said last-mentioned Moiety of the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten

Years next enluing, be paid into the said Receipt distmdily and apart from all other Branches of the PubJia

Revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept, at the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during

the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the fa.d last-mentioned Moiety of the Monies arif-

ing from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any

other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge

as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, on any Account whatever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons

for any Thine done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months

next after the F act committed, and not afterwards, and shall do laid in the County or Place where theCause

of Complaint did arise, and notelfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit,

may plead the General Ifluc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any T rial to be had

thereupon ; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have T reble Coils, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any.

Defendant hath in other Cales to recover Costs by Law.

CAP. XVIII. - V - • -

An Act for the Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exporta-

tien of Sugar.—[24th December 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, being desirous of making Provision for raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

jesty’s Public Expences, and making such Addition to the Ptbli; Revenue as shall be adequate to the in-

creased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose t6 be

passed in this Session of Parliament; and being of Opinion that ic is expedient, under the present Cipcum-

stance«, that the Drawbacks and Bounties, now payable by Law on the Exportation of Sugar, should be

reduced ; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's

fnoft Excellent Majesty, by 3nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the tv/cntieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the Drawbacks now allowed

by Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sugar, in the fame State in which it was imported

from Foreign Parts, four Shillings for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar shall cease, determine,

ard be no longer paid or payable to the Exporter or Exporters thereof: That, from and.after the thirty-first

Uiyot January one thousand fty-n hundred and ninety-six, of the Drawbacks or Bounties now allowed by

8 Law

275

Duties on Rid-

ing or Carriage

fiorlts.

Powers of 19

Geo. III. Cap.

49. in relation

to Licences to

deal in Horses,

to extend to

this Act.

Duties to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver General

of Stamps, and

by him into the

Exchequer.

Moiety of Du-

ties to be Art

apart for 10

Years, and the

other Moiety to

be applied in

defraying any

increasedCharge

occasioned by

any Loan of ihil

Session, &c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue*

Treble Colli.

Part of present

Drawl acks on

Exportation of

Su^ar to cease

from certain

Per.ods.

