55*

Anno tricesimo feptimo

D

Justices em-

powered to

make an equal

County Rate,

according to the

Annual Relit or

Value of Eflatcs

in each Parish.

Churchwardens

and Overseers to

make a Return,

upon Oath, of

Amount of the

.real Rental of

Estates in each

Parish, within

\a certain Time.

The like Re-

turn upon Oath

to be made an-

nually to the

-Michaelmas

Sessions.

PenUty for

Neglect.

Penalty to be

levied by High

Constables, in

Tike Manner as

County Rates

are levied un-

der Mat. 12

Cco. a. c. 29.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for

the said County.—[25th May 1797*]

4 I WHEREAS it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace

for the County of A4iddlejex% in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and

4 equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to act'efs and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, according

4 to the Annual Relit or Value of Estates, within all and every the Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts,

4 Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said County, for and towards^ the fame:* Be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Peace f6r the said County of Middlesex, in their

General or Quarter Sessions assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required

from Fime to Time to alTels and tax all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, and

Place, within the said County, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Relit or Value

of Estates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamle^ and Place respectively.

II. 4 And, in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex,

4 to assess and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, all and every such Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Pre-

4 cinfts. Villages, Hamlets, and Places,’be it further enacted, That at the next General or Quarter Sessions of

the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Middlesex after the passing of this Act, the Church-

wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes. Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages,

Hamlets, and Places, shall, and they are hereby-required, within the two first Days of such next Sessions,

to make a Return in Writing to the said Justices in Sessions assembled, which Return shall be verified upon

Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the fame, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of

the Estates within the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, to which they shall

respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poors Rate of and in the said Parish, Town,-Liberty, Precinct,

Village, Hamlet, or Place, at the Time of making such Return; and where the proportionable Mode of

rating is lets than the real Relit or Value, the fame shall be stated and pointed out in vV ruing upon such

Return, and veritiea as aforesaid, in order that the said Justices pnav be enabled to discover the real Amount

of the Rental or Value of the Estates within the said several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages,

Hamlets, or Places.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of all and every

Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, V Hlage, Hamiet, or riace within the said County, or Tome or one of

them- shall yearly and every Year, from and after the passing of this Act, within the two ffrU Days of the

Afichaelmas Quarter hellions to be holden in and lor the said County, make a Return to the Justices of the

Peace^ihcn ana there aiiemDicu, or the total'A mount of the Rental or Value of Estates within the said

Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, at the Time of making the last preceding Rate

for the Relief of the Poor, and also shall, when the proportionable Mode of rating is less than the real Relit

y every such Return

upon

eturn;

In Cafes where

Returns are ne

glelted to he

made, Justices

empowered to

make a Rau.

or Value, state and point out the fame in

upon Oath in Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any

of the several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the said County,

shall neglect or make default in making such several Returns, to verified as aforesaid. at the next SclEons

of the Peace after the passing of this Act, or in making such Annual Return at the Michaelmas Quarter

Sessions, as hereinbefore dirtfted, that each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor shall

forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding one hiindretTPounds, as shall or may be

ordered or adjudged by the said Tuftices in their General or Quarter Sessions allembied, by way of Penalty

lorduch Neglect or l^etault; and in case any such Penalty is not paid, the said Justices in such SeiTion

assembled, may issue their Warrant to the High Cor.liable of the Division where such Parish, T own,

Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place shall be lituate, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the

respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish,

Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, so negiefting or making default, in like Manner,

and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is by a Statute, made in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more cafy affej[mgy

ev,lectinand levying County Rates, vested with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Poor the Sum assessed for the County Rate.

V. And W it further enacted, That it the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall so make

" Default in making such Return as aforesaid, to the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions annually, or if it shall

happen that notwithstanding the incurring of a Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such

Neglect or Default, a Return as aforesaid for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, H imlet, or

Place, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, it shall and may be lawful

9: to

