A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 40.

741

uy any x^<xw uuw in r uric uc raueu anu icvica : rruviueu always uui uic oum iu iu

not be.charged on the Amount of any of the Rates, Duties, or Sums of Money grant<

passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty

on the Amount of the Assessment which shall be made of the said Rates and Duties granted by this Adl, in

the Year commencing from the fifth of April next after the Time when such Arrear accrued, by duly ap-

portioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, according to each

Person’s Assessment, as nearly as the Cafe will admit ; and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions by

which the original Assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Re-assessment may

by any Law now in Force be raised and levied : Provided always, that the Sum so to be re-assessed shall

;ranted by the said Adl,

an Aid and Contri-

bution for the Prosecution of the IVar,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, if any Occupier of any Dwelling-house in that Part of Great Britain called

England, rated or assessed to any of the Duties by this Adl granted, shall remove out of the Limits of

the Colledlorsof the Duties assessed on such Dwelling-house, without first paying or discharging, orcaufing

to be paid or dischargeJ, all the Rates and Duties charged upon him or her in respect of such Dwelling-

house, and which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in or upon such Dwelling-house fuf-

ficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Rates and Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, every

such Person {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said Rates and Duties so

left unpaid as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as by this Adl is directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, no Goods or Chattels whatever, lying and being in or upon any Dwelling-

house in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any of the Offices thereunto belonging, which shall

have been rated or assessed to any of the Duties by this Adl granted, {hall be liable to be taken by virtue

of any Execution, or other Process, Warrant, or Authority, except at the Suit of the Landlord for Relit,

(other than at the Suit of the King,) on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Suit

the said Execution or Seizure {hall be sued out or made, {hall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods

from off the Premises by virtue of such Execution or Seizure, undertake in Writing to pay to the Collector

or Collectors of the said Duties, all Arrears of the fame Duties which {hall be due in respect of the Premises

at the Time of taking such Goods or Chattels by virtue of such Execution or Seizure; provided such Duties

shall not be in Arrear for more than one Year ; and in case the said Duties {hall be in Arrear for more than

one Year, then the said Party at whose Suit such Execution or Seizure is sued out or made, paying the said

Collector or Colledlo.s the aforesaid Duties due in respect of the Premises for one whole Year, may pro-

ceed to execute his Judgment, or proceed in his Seizure as he might have done before the making of this

Act; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized

and required to distrain such Goods or Chattels, and proceed to Sale thereof, according to the Laws now

in Force, in order to obtain Payment of the said Duties in Arrear for one Year ; and all Remedies, Ad-

vantages, Powers, Methods, and Things, which by any Act or Acts concerning Bankrupts, or concerning

the Method of recovering Relit in Arrear, are given and granted to any Creditors, Lellors, or Landlords

respectively, and all the Powers and Provisions of an Act, paired in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign

of King George the Second *, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effiefinal proceeding upon Dislreffies to

he made by IVarrants of Ju/lices of the Peace, and also of another Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty +, intituled, An Act to authorize Ju/lices of the Peace to impose Fines upon

Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Pari/h Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices

for ill Usage of Jnch their Apprentices ; and also to make Provision for the Execution of IVarrants of Di/lrefs

granted by Magijl rates, as far as the fame relate to the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Justices

of the Peace, Inall be used and practised by the respective Commissioners for executing this Act,.and by

any Collector, Surveyor, or Inspector of the said Rates and Duties, acting under the Authority of the said*

Commissioners, for recovering and securing ^ny Arrears of the said Rates and Duties (over and above the

Powers, Remedies, Rules, and Regulations, contained in any Act or Acts relative to the Duties hereby

repealed, or in this Act) as fully and effectually as if the fame Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Provisions,

Methods, and Things, were particularly and severally repeated by and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person appointed

or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution as a Commissioner, or any Justice of the Peace executing

the Office of a Commissioner, before he {hall act as a Commissioner in Execution thereof, or {hall execute

the Office of such Commissioner, (except in adminiffering the Oath herein-after expressed,) shall take, and

he is hereby required to take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

4 J A. B. do swear. That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honeffly, according to the bell of my

4 Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner,

by the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs

4 ofTaxes; and that I will judge and determine upon all Appeals, and all other Matters and Things which.

{hall be brought before me as a Commissioner under the said several Acts, and every or any of them,^

4 without Favour or Affection. So help me GO DP

Which Oath any one of the Persons appointed to put this Adl in Execution as a Commissioner, or any

Justice of the Peace in the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the Assessment-is

to be made, is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person adminiffering the fame hath not

himself previously taken the Oath; and which Oath so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the

fame; and the Names of all the Persons so subscribing {hall, within one Month after ward5, be transmitted

. to

If any Person

shall remove out

of the Limits of

the Collector

without paying

the Duties, or

leaving suffi-

cent Goods on

the Premises, he

shall forfeit 201.

additional. ,

No Goods to be

taken by virtue

of any Process,.

except at the

SuitoftheLand.

lord for Relit, or

of the King, un-

less the Party

shall previously

undertake to

pay the Arrear*

of Duty, not ex-

ceeding a Year's.

In case of Re-

fufal tJrc Col-

lettors may dif*

train and fell

the.Goods for.

onctYear’sDuty*

• c. 29*

t. '-5Sv

CommifTIdntrs

and Justices a&a

in£ as such to

take the fol--

lowing

Oath* f

which may be

atfminiftcred by

a Commissioner

or Justice al-

though he hat

not taken it.

OaUi to be Tub-

