A.D. 1798. ving Annoying triceflmo octavo Georgii III. C. 17, 18.

be enlrfted in his Majesty’s other Forces from the said Supplementary Militia, by virtue of this Act and

the County, Riding, or Place, for which any Militia Man so enlisted was raised, shall not be obliged to ballot

for any other in the Room of the Militia Man so discharged, but shall in future be discharged from raising

any Men in the Room of those who shall enter into his Majesty’s other Forces, by virtue of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Militia Men to beenlifted from any

Supplementary Militia into any such Regiment of his Majesty’s other Forces, by virtue of this Act, ftiali

not exceed ten thousand Men, nor in any Cafe be more than One-fifth Part of the Number of Men directed.

to be raised to the said Supplementary Militia, in any County, Riding, or Place.

713

10,000 Men to 4

be so enlisted ;

but not more

# * of the Supple-

mentary Militia in each Place.

Terms of Enlist

ment.

w

passed

3 i

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person to be enlisted by virtue of this Act,

shall be enlisted according to the Terms and Conditions to be particularly specified in the Recruiting Orders

to beiftued for that Purpose, and to serve during the Continuance of the present War, and six Months after

the Conclusion of a general Peace, and no longer, and shall not be liable to serve out of Europe.

U _'i' CAP. .XVIII.

• A t • %

An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary

' Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men, in the several Com-

panies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

'"'* [20th February 1798.]

HEREAS his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to communicate to Parliament, his Royal

Intention to draw out and embody the Supplementary Militia, raised by virtue of two Acts,

|____in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, or such Part thereof as he shall

think necessary to be drawn out or embodied ; and the Occasion of embodying the fame : And whereas

it may be expedient, that only a certain Proportion thereof, in each County, Riding, or Place, should

be embodied on the present Occasion ; and that the Appointment of the Men necessary to constitute

such Proportion should be decided by Ballot, to be taken in each Subdivision or District, without aflem-

bling them previously out of their Subdivision or DistridMay it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be Chaded : and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or in case of Vacancy,

or in the Absence of the Lieutenant from his County, Riding, or Place, any three or more Deputy Lieute-

nants, to whom any Order of his Majesty, for the Purpose of embodying the said Supplementary Militia,

or such Part thereof as hereinafter is mentioned, shall be directed, (half, as soon after as conveniently may

be, issue his or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Riding, or

Place, to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the Names of all the Persons enrolled to

serve in the said Supplementary Militia by virtue of the said Acts, within each Subdivision respectively,

before a Day to be specified in the Order of the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, as aforesaid, and which to

Day shall not be later than three Days after the Date thereof; and the said Clerks shall, within the Time make out Lift*’

fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lifts accordingly, and also two Duplicates thereof, one of vf the Men cn-

which Duplicates shall be for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their Subdivision Meetings, and the ™lled*

other Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or the such°UiU*

Deputy Lieutenants, who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid. and two Duplicated each.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his County Lieutc-

Majesty’s Order shall be directed, shall, at the Time of iflutng his or their Order hereinbefore mentioned, ?ant atthefamo

also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Supplementary Militia, within their qJ.5Jcr

respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties or Ridings, and in such r*chicf Constable,

Proportion, as to the said Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, as aforesaid, shall appear most expedient, roraifcmbltng

on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, and which Day shall not be later than the

twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the Chief Constables or

other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within such County,

Riding, or Place, with Directions immediately to issue Precepts conformable thereto, to the Constables,

Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, T-ythings, and Places, within the

said Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and Divisions respectively; and such Constables, Tything-

men, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause

Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the Supplementary Mifitia, or left at their usual Places

of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places,- to attend within their respective Subdivi-

fions or Districts at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

When Ms Ma-

jesty shall ordet

(he Supplemen-

tary M.htu to be

embodied, the'

County Lieute-

nant to order the

of the

the Men on a

Day not later

than Feb. 16,

1798, with Di»

regions to- iffile

Precepts ac-

cordingly to tht

Constables with-

in the respective

Divisions, who

shall cause- No-

tice to be given

HI. And be it further enacted. That ff any Person of the said Supplementary Militia (not labouring Any Man not

under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Supplementary Militia Man) shall not appear in

pursuance of such Order, or appearing shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in erderof thcDc

38 Geo. III.

4Z

pursuance

