768

The riincipal

Secretaries of

U c. may

cause fufptr&cd

Aliens to I c

iaken into Cuf-

tody.

Mayors, &c. to

transmit Ac-

counts of titcir

i'roccedings

touching such

W1

Aliens to a Prin-

cipal Secretary

cf State, for his

1 Majesty’s Plea-

fur*.

His Majesty may

order Aliens to

be detained in

- Custody, to pre-

vent them de-

parting the

Kingdomr

No Alien to

land till the

Matter of the

Vessel has

made the Decla-

ration required

by § i. of

33 Geo. 3. c. 4.

and a Permission

be obtained ; or

the Alien shall

be committed,

and the Matter

shall forfeit

300I. unless he

proves such

Alien was

landed again#

Jus Will.

Officers of the

Customs or Ex-

cise jnay detain

Vcffeis, ic.

Penalty for

forging Li-

cences, ic. or

obtaining them

under false

Names, &c. Im-

prisonment and

Transporution.

Xhe Secretaries

of State may

cause Alit ns or-

dered to quit the

Kingdom to be

taken into Cuf-

tody, and to

giveSecurityfor

quitting it, ic.

C. 50. Anno triceftmo octavo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1798.

Co-nmon Gaol, or other public Prison, to answer for the Offence of which such Alien shall have been

guilty, there to remain until he or fhc shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of

State, the Lord Mayor, or any one or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for any one or

more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, being

specially authorized by one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, or generally authorized by Order of his Majesty in Council, or any Mayor or Chief Magi ft rate, or

other M a gift rate or Magistrates of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any

Alien whom he or they shall have Cause to suspedtto be a dangerous Person, to be taken into Custody, and

examined, and either discharged or detained in Custody, as shall appear adviseable ; and if it shall bethought

fit to detain such Alien in Custody, it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, or such Mayor, Aider-

man, or Chief Magistrate, or other Magistrate or Magistrates, or such Justice or Justices, by Warrant

under his or'their Hand and Seal,'or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody until his

Majesty’s Pleasure shall be known, there to remain, without Bail orMainprize ; and every such Mayor, Al-

derman, Chief Mag iff rate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall forthwith transmit 2n Account of his or

their Proceedings touching such Alien, to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to the End

that his Majesty’s Pleasure may be declared therein ; and it (hull be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant

under his Sign Manual, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of his Principal Secretaries of

State, either to direel that such Alien shall be discharged, or continued in Custody for such Time or in such

Manner as his Majesty shall think fit, or ordered to quit the Kingdom.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty shall be adviled, that it may be dangerous to

the Security of the Kingdom to fend any Alien out of the Kingdom, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by

Warrant under his Sign Manual, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty’s Princi-

pal Secretaries of State, to order such Alien to be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such 'Place

and in such Manner as his Majesty shall think fit, and until his Majesty shall give other Order to the

contrary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Alien shall be permitted to land in this Kingdom, until the

Master or Commander of the Ship or Vessel, in which such Alien shall have arrived, shall have made the

Declaration concerning Foreigners on board his Ship or Vessel, required by the said Act of the thirty-third

Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and shall have obtained, from the proper Officer of the Customs, a Per-

mission, in Writing, to land such Alien ; and in case any Alien, not being a Mariner actually engaged and

employed as such in the Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, shall land in this Kingdom from any such Ship

or Vessel, without such Permission first obtained, such Alien shall forthwith be taken into Custody, and

carried before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, who shall commit such Alien to one of his Ma-

jesty’s Gaols, or to such other Custody as to such Justice shall seem fit, until his Majesty’s Pleasure con-

cerning such Alien shall be known ; and the Master or Commander, or the Person having Charge of such

Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Alien so landed, unless he

shall make it appear that such Alien was landed from such Ship or Vessel against the Will of such Master or

Commander, or the Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel; and such Penalty shall be re-

covered before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and one Moiety thereof shall go to the

Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence was committed, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and

it shall be lawful for any Oificer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, to detain such Ship or Vessel until

fljch Penalty shall be paid ; and any Boat or Vessel used in landing any such Alion/rom the Ship or Vessel

in which such Alien shall have arrived as aforesaid, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs or Excise, and the fame shall be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and

Furniture thereunto respectively belonging. ; -

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause

to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or

altered, any such Licence, Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence, Passport, or Allowance of a Passport,

hereinbefore directed to be obtained, or shall obtain any such Licence, Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence,

Passport, or Allowance of a Passport, under any other Name or Description than the true Name and De-

feription of such Alien, (without disclosing to the Person granting such Licence, or Allowance of further

Time to obtain a Licence or Passport, the true Name and Description of such Alien, and the Reason for

concealing the fame,) or shall falsely pretend to be the Person intended to be named and described in any

such Licence, Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence, Passport, or Allowance of a Passport, every Person

so offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol for any

Time not exceeding one Year, and, if the Court before whom such Person shall be convidlcd shall

think fit, shall ailo be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding seven Years.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any Alien shall be ordered to quit this Kingdom in pur-

fuance of the said Act of the thirty^third Year of his Mayfly’s Reign, or of this Act, it shall be lawful for

one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to cause such Alien to be taken into Custody, and carried

before any Justice of the Peace, or Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City,

Town, or Place, where such Alien shall happen to be, and to require such Alien to give Security to quit

this Kingdom within a Time to be limited by the Recognizance, in a sufficient Penalty, of two or more

Per fons.

