XXXVI

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

Trustees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the Sum

of one thousand Pounds, arising from such Sale or Ex-

change,^ in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said de-

vised Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the

said Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments,

to be settled to the same Uses, and to enable the said

Trustees, and the several other Persons therein named,

to grant Building and other Leases of the said devis-

Estates.

78. An Act for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Di-

vinity, and his Successors, to grant, in Manner therein

mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebendal

Lands, situate in the several Parishes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Charles

William Taylor Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for pay-

ing Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies

in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu there-

of, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

80. An Act for veiling certain detached Parts of the settled

Estates of Sir William Lowther Baronet, in Trustees, in

Trust, to convey the fame to the said Sir William Lowther

in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Lowther’s convey-

ing other Estates to the Uses of the settled Estates.

81. An Act for veiling the Manor of East Mark, and cer-

tain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somer/et,

Part of the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife

of Michael Hicks Beach Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for inverting the Money arising by such Sale in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled

to the same Uses.

82. An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Par-

tition of divers Meftiiages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick

and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was devised

by the Will of Anna Maria Sacheverell Widow, and the

other undivided Moiety by the Will of Jane Gough Wi-

ndow, deceased, and for settling and alluring the specific

Meftiiages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such

Partition have been allotted to be held in Severalty, for or

in lieu of each of the said undivided Moieties, to such Uses

as by the said Wills are limited, of and concerning the said

undivided Moieties respectively.

*3. An Act for veiling several Meftiiages and Heredita-

ments in the Par ifh of Allhallows Steyning, in the City of

London, ,in the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject

to several perpetual yearly Relit Charges payable to the

Rcclor, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the fame

Parish.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the Com-

mons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within

the Manor and Parish of Chaddeftey Corbett, in the County

of Worcester.

$5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common

Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within

the Hamlet or Tything of Eaflcrton, in the County of

Wilts,

86. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common or

Watle Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures,

within the Manor and Parish of Bunny, in the County of

Nottingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Parish of IVyke Regis, in the County

of Darjct.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows,

Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Great Wilbraham, in the County of

Cambridge.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and laying in

Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common

Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Little Wilbraham, in the

County of Cambridge.

90. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of

an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for

dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Com-

mon Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Corse in the County of Glou-

cester.

91. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open andGom-

mon Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

in the Lordship of Tocldingtony and Hamlet of Charlton,

in the Parish of Toddingtony in the County of Bedford.

92. ^An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

Parishes of Barnby and Mutforct\ in the County of Suf-

folk.

93. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common-

able Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elftvw,

in the County of Bedford.

94. An Act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing, the several

Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Dittany

in the Parish of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lan-

cqfter.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several

Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the

Parishes of Shipham and JVinJcombe in the County of

Somerset.

96. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry Cooke

Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smithy his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes there-

in mentioned.

97. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James APGauley

with Elizabeth Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

98. An Act for naturalizing Leivis John Marie Hauffoullier•

99. An Act lor allowing Timber to be cut upon certain

Estates settled by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis

Henry Drake Baronet, and for applying and laying out

the Money to arise therefrom in ahe Purchase of other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

100. An Act for veiling several Estates in the County of

Cheftcry of the Right Honourable George James Eari

Cholmondeley^ as Devisee for Life under the Will of the

Honourable General James Cholmondeley, deceased, in the

said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling

other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County, in

lieu thereof.

f01 An Act for veiling Part of the Estates of the late Sir

James Dashwood in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same,

- and to apply the Money arising thereby in discharging

certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply

the Residue, if any, of the Money ariftrrg from such Sale

or Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the

Uses of the Will of the said Sir James Dashwood.

X02. An

