85S C. 78. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

all Persons

named therein:

an Appearance in any Suit, Prosecution, or Proceeding, civil or criminal, against any Printer, Pub-

lifher, or Proprietor or any such Newspaper or other Paper, shall be deemed and taken to be good and

sufficient Service thereof respectively, against all Persons named in such Affidavit or Affirmation as the Pro-

prietor or Proprietors, Publisher or Publishers, or Printer or Printers of the Newspaper or other Paper

mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation : Provided always. That if any such Person or Persons respect-

ively as aforesaid shall have signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered to the said Commissioners, or such Of-

ficer as aforesaid, previous to the Day of the Date or Publication of the Newspaper, or other such Paper as

aforesaid, to which the Proceeding in Court shall relate, an Affidavit or Affirmation that he or they have

ceased to be the Printer or Printers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Publisher or Publishers of such Newspaper,

or other such Paper as aforesaid, and shall make Proof thereof, such Person or Persons shall not be deemed,

by reason of any former Affidavit or Affirmation so delivered as aforesaid, to have been the Proprietor or

Proprietors, Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers of such Paper, after the Day on which such last-

mentioned Affidavit or Affirmation shall have been delivered to the said Commissioners, or such other Officer

as aforesaid.

But if any Per-

son shall have

delivered pre-

vious to the

Publication of

the Paper to

which tl'.e Pro-

ceedings relate,

an Affidavit

that he has

ceased: to be

Printer, &c. he

shall be not 1 o deemed after such Delivery.

Ceitified Conies

of Affidavits to

be delivered on

Payment of is.

Copies of Affi-

davits certified

by the Commis-

sioners or Offi-

cers in whose

Custody they

shall be, to be

sufficient Evi-

dence.

Penalty of icol.

on unauthor-

ized Persons

giving Ccrtin.

cates.

Penalty of tool,

for falsely certi-

fying that Affi.

davits were

sworn to, or

that false Copies

are true, Sec.

0

A fter fuly 1,

1798, a Copy of

every News-

paper to be de-

livered within

fix D^ys of its

Publication to

the Commis-

sioners of

Stamps, or their

XIII. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners or Officers by whom such Affidavits or Af-

firmations shall be kept, according to the Directions of this ACt, shall, and they are hereby required, upon

Application made to them by any Person or Persons requiring a Copy certified according to this Act, of any

such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, in order that the lame may be produced in any civil or criminal

Proceedings, to deliver to the Petfon so applying for the fame such certified Copy, he or they paying for the

fame the Sum of one Shilling and no more. ’

XIV. ‘ And whereas in many Cafes it may be productive of public Inconvenience to require that the

i Commissioners or Officers before whom such Affidavits or Affirmations, as are hereinbefore mentioned, are

4 made, should be required personally to attend, in order to prove, upon the Trial of any ACtion, Profecu-

4 tien, Suit, Indictment, Information, or in any other Proceeding, that the Parties signing, ("wearing, oraf-

4 firming, and delivering such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, did (wear or affirm the fame

4 in the Presence of, and did deliver the fame to such Commissioners and Officers, before and to whom the

4 fame shall have been sworn, affirmed, or delivered respectively be it enaCted, That in all Cafes a Copy

of any such Affidavit or Affirmation, certified to be a true Copy under the Hand or Hands of one or more

of the Commissioners or Officers in whose Pdllession the fame shall be, shall, upon Proof made that such

Certificates have been signed with the Hand Writing of the Person or Persons making the same, and whom

it shall not be necessary to prove to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, or Officer or Officers, be re-

ceived in Evidence as sufficient Proof of such Affidavit or Affirmation, and that the fame was duly sworn cr

affirmed, and of the Contents thereof; and such Copies, so produced and certified, shall also be received 2s

Evidence that the Affidavit or Affirmation, of wlvch they purport to be Copies, have been sworn or affirmed

according to this Act, and shall have the fame Eftedt, for the Purposes of Evidence, to all Intents w!ui-

soever, as if the original Affidavits or Affirmations, of which the Copies so produced and certified shall pur-

port to be Copies, had been produced in Evidence, and been proved to have been duly so certified, I worn, and

affirmed, by the Person or Persons appearing by such Copy to have sworn or affirmed the fame as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being such Commissioner or Officer as afore-

said, shall give any such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall presume to certify any of the Matters or I hings by

this Act directed to be certified by such Commissioners and Officers as aforesaid, or which such Commis-

sioners and Officers as aforesaid are hereby empowered or entrusted to certify, he shall forfeit and lose the

Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it also enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify under his

Hand, that any such Affidavit or Affirmation, as is required to be made by this Act, was duly signed, and

sworn or affirmed before him, the fame not having; been so sworn, or signed or affirmed, or shall knowingly

and wilfully falsely certify that any Copy or Copies of any Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Af-

firmations, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Affirmations, of

which the fame are certified to be such Copy or Copies, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify or

express in any Certificate, that the Affidavit or Affirmation, or Affidavits or Affirmations, of which any

Copy or Copies are certified to be a true Copy or Copies, was or were duly sworn or affirmed before the

Person so certifying, by the Party or Parties whose Name or Names appear subscribed to the fame, as the Name

or Names of the Party or Parties swearing and signing, or affirming the fame, every Person so offending shall

forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, the Printer or Publisher of every Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, shall, upon

every Day upon which the fame shall be published, or within lix Days after, deliver to the Commissioners of

Stamps at their Head Office, or to some Officer to be appointed by them to receive the same, and whom

they are hereby required to appoint for that Purpose, one of the Papers so published upon each such Day,

signed by the Printer or Publisher thereof, in his Hand Writing, with his Name and Place cf Abode, and

the fame shall be carefully kept by the said Commissioners, or such Officer as aforesaid, in such Manner as

the said Commissioners shall directj and such Primer or Publisher shall be entitled to demand and receive

3 from

f, 11 * 1 f H * ilfi H

