A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. C. 105.

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having sixteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of ten Shillings:-

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having seventeen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of eleven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having eighteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of twelve Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having nineteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of thirteen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twenty Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, with:n the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twenty-one Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned

Act, the yearly Sum of sixteen Shillings: -

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twenty-two Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned

Act, the yearly Sum of seventeen Shillings: ...... ‘

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twenty-three Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned

Act, the yearly Sum of eighteen Shillings and Sixpence : ^ ‘ '

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twenty-four Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of one Pound and one Shilling:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twenty-five Windows or Lights and not more than twenty-nine Windows or Lights, which

is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound and three Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having thirty Windows or Lights and not more than thirty-four Windows or Lights, which is or

617

For i6,« —ios*

For 17,- 6d. A —IIS.

For i8,« 6d. —12s.

For 19,- 6d. —13s.

For ao,- -I$s.

For ai,- -16s.

For 22,- —17s.

For 23,- Gd. -18 s.

For 24,- -iL

igs_

:1C

of Great

__________# , , igdom of Great

Britain, having thirty-five Windows or Lights and not more than thirty-nine Windows or Lights, which is

or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound ten Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having forty Windows or Lights and not more than forty-four Windows or Lights, which is or

ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of one Pound and fifteen Shillings

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdon

Britain, having forty-five Windows or Lights and not more than forty-nine Windows or Lights, which

is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of two Pounds:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having fifty Windows or Lights and not moie than fifty-four Windows or Lights, which is or

ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of two Pounds and five Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having fifty-hve Windows or Lights and not more than fifty-nine Windows or Lights, which is or

ought to be rated under the lait-mentionea act, the yearly oum or two rounas ana ten omuings.

For every Dwelling-House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain% having sixty Windows or Lights and not more than sixty-four Windows or Lights, which is or

ou

fnt to De raiea under uic laii-mentioned rvci* ujc ycaiiy ou»u ui iwui uumo

or every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereatter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having sixty-five Windows or Lights and not more than sixty-nine Windows or Lights, which is

or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having seventy Windows or Lights and not more than seventy-four Windows or Lights, which is

or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and five Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having seventy-five Windows or Lights and not more than seventy-nine Windows or Lights,

which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and ten

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having eighty Windows or Lights and not more than eighty-four YVindows or Lights, which is or

ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and fifteen Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom oi Great

Britain, having eighty-five Windows or Lights and not more than eighty-nine Windows or Lights, which

is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Pounds:

37 Geo. Ill* - > 4^ . . -

1$.

For 25, and not

more than 29,

— il. 3s.

For 30, and not

more than 34,

—il. 6s. 6d.

For 35, and not

more than 39,

•*•11. ios. 6d«

For 40, and not

more than 44,

—il. ‘i 5®*

For 45, and not

more than 49,

—*1.

For 50, and not

more than 54,

—2I. 5s.

For 5 5, and not

more than 59,

—2I. 10s.

For 60, and not

more than 64,

—ai. 15s.

For 65, and not

more than 69*

-ii-

For 70, and not

more than 74, -

—3I 51.

For 75, and not

more than 79,

—3I. 10s.

For 80, and not

more than 84,

— 3I. 15s.

For 8 5, and not

more than 89,

-41.

