t

755

37 Cco.3. c. 15,

7.) recited.

and repealed, (o

far as it extend*

to charge the

Duty of 5I. per

Cent, upon Tea

after patting it ,

and the Com.

missionctk of

the Customs

may order Re-

payment of any

such Duty so

paid.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 42, 43.

the kid Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising by

the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties

granted in this Section of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such Part of such increaitd Charge as afore-

1’aid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, upon any Account whatever. - ‘

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain

4 Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and

carried coastw fe within Great Britain, except Wine and Coals when brought or carried coastwise, and

4 for other Purposes, an additional Duty of Customs, at and after the Rate of live Pounds/vr Centum upon

the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs then payable by Law, was imposed upon any

4 Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes imported into Great Britain, with certain Exceptions as in the said

4 recited Act are particularly mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be

repealed, sofar as the fame extends to charge the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon any Tea im-

4 ported into or fold in Great Britain :* Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act shall be, and the

fame is hereby repealed, so far as the fame extends to charge the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon

any Tea imported into Great Britain, or any Tea sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the Erjl Indies, from and after the passing of the said recited AdE

imported into Great Britain, or sold at the Sales of the East India Company

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duty of five Pounds per Centum shall have been paid

upon any Tea imported into Great Britain, or sold at the Sales of the said Company, in pursuance of the

said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or

any four or more of them, to order the Repayment of such Duty so paid, and to cause the fame to be re-

paid in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

f m - I b a C f 1 j » v s, j. lii<f 1 t

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt.—[10th May 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

4 \\J L, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-

4 W sembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties on Salt herein respectively men-

4 tioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted :* and be it enacted

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

for and upon all Salt, over and above the Rates and Duties now due and payable thereon, by any Act or Acts

of Parliament now in Force, the several additional Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

For every Bushel of Salt, not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been For every Bushel

imported into Great Britain after the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or f1f foreign Salt

which shall be imported, there shall be charged the Sum of ten Shillings, and after that Rate for any greater

or less Quantity: r- - fter April jo, .79*,*iU

For every Bushel of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been Fore very Bushel

imported into Great Britain, and wmch, alter the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be found in any Ship or Vessel, in which the fame shall have been im-

ported, or in any Lighter or other Vessel, after the un(hipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any

Quay or Wharf upon the first landing thereof, or which, after the said thirtieth Day of April one thousand

seven hundrrd and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be ip any Cellar or Warehouse, in which the fame

shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, con-

tained and provided by any Act or Acts of Parliament, concerning the cellaring or warehousing of foreign or

imported Salt, and which shall not have been charged with the additional Duty hereby granted, there shall be

charged the Sum of ten Shillings, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt, which, from and after the thirtieth Day of/fyr/7 one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or be made at any Salt Work, or taken out of any Salt

Pit or Pits in Great Britain, there shall be charged the Sum of five Shillings, and after that Rate for any

greater or less Quantity: any Pit in Great Britain, after April 30,1798, 51 j

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt which shall have been made at any Salt Work, or taken out of and for every

any Salt Pit or Pits in Great Britain, and which, from and after the thirtieth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been orshall be fold, delivered, orient out of or from any Cellar,

Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, belonging to or occupied by the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Oc-

cupier or Occupiers of any Salt Work, or Salt Pit or Pits, or which, from and after the said thirtieth Day

5E 2 of

The following

additional Du-

ties on Sait to b

paid:

of such import#

cd Salt found in

any Veffll, or

warehoused

after April 30,

1798, not

charged with

the additional

Duty, 10s.

For every Bushel

of Salt and Rock

Salt made, or

taken out of

Bushel of such

Salt sent out of

any Warehouse

after that Day,

and not charged

