A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 127

by the proper Officers of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, which shall become

payable on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and that all the said Ex-

chequer Bills, with the Interest anu Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby

charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fupd as

are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such

Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regu-

larly (bated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills,

Interest, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off', cancelled^ and discharged, or Money suffi-

cient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective

Proprietors thereof. . -

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may.be lawful for the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer,

upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole

the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in an Act, made in the fifth and sixth

• / ^ I W"\ ^ IT f # /• I )• I 1 J •If J I I W Jf • /•

Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties fe-

deral Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Ve])elsy and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for securing

attain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned toJuch Persons as shall voluntarily advance the

Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the con-

trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners herein appointed shall, from Time to

Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying on any Pro-

ceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without

any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the-Time being.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall de-

cline to adi in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or having begun to adb mall decline to adi

any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them, adbing as aforesaid, by any Writing

under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty’s T reafury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to

conliitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes

aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refuting to adi, or declining further to adi,

or dying as aforesaid, as the said adiing Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such Consent and

Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Cafe shall happen ; and the Person or Persons

so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid,

having first qualified to adi by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be

inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commis-

fioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Act, by way of Loan, to

any Persons who may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which shall

be expressed therein respectively, together with such Interest as may have accrued thereon at the Time of

advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Interest for such Loan at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum

per Annum \ any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIIL And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may receive and fend all their

Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage, provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent

to the said Commissioners be directed to the Commissioners for the Ifl'ue of Exchequer Bills at their Office ;

and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their laid Office, and (lull be

signed on the Outside of such Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissioners, with the Con-

sent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and under

such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper and direct.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this A cl, until fourteen Days Notice thereof in

Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a

sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after (Lx

Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed; and every such Action shall be brought in the said re-

(pedlive Courts of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middbfexy or City of Edinburgh respec-

tively, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the

General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and

that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear lb to be

done, or such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame,

or shall be brought without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or

Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants : or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonluited, or (utter a Ddcontinuance

Hh 2 of

23s

Exchequer Bills

made out,

which, with

Interest and

Clurgcs, shall

be chared or>

the Confoiidat-

cd Fund.

Bank may ad-

vance Money

on the Credit

01 this A£L

Commissioner*

to give an Ac-

count of their

Proceedings to

the Treasury.

Majority of

Commissionera

may fill up Va*

cancies by

Death, fcc.with

Consent of the

Treasury.

Persons ad v ant*

ing Exchequer

Bills may charge

5I. perCent.

interest.

Commissioners

may receive and

fend Letters lret

of Poitage.

Limitation of

Actions.

Central I flue.

