482 C. ii—14. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

« and pay them into the Exchequer as Cash. An Action may be brought against him for refusing

“ to receive Bills, &c. Bills not to be received for any Tax, or at the Exchequer, but in Course of

44 Payment.*’ " S v 9 v* Bill

CAP. XI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselvcc ror Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regucer or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to indemnify Mem-

bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to

be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them

Time to provide Admissions duly damped ; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to

make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for

indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Defcrip-

tiens of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for Jlowing

further Time for that Purpose.—[23d December 1796.] -

—1 *• ^ — v •

? : C / - CAP. XII. . ;

An Act to continue several Acts, made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty’s

Reign, respecting the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the iffiiing of

Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time.— [23d December 1796.]

u Acts 35 Geo.111. Caps. 15 and 80. and 36 Geo. III. Cap. 76. recited and further continued.*

Du tie* in Sche-

dule (A) to be

levied, and

Drawbacks in

Schedule (B)

allowed.

Commencement

of Duties.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

of Excise in

England and

Scotland respec-

tively.

Where Co»-

tracts have been

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum

of Money for completing the said Navigation; and for amending the several Acts relating thereto.

[40,000/.] [23d December 1796.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa

Nuts, British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea.—[28th December 1796.}

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 1 T/ E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively

4 mentioned: And do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it

enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

T hat there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cefiors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, mentioned and described in the

Schedule marked (A), hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise, as they are

respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule ; and that there shall be made, allowed,

and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, (or or in respect whereof

any Duty of Excise is by this Act imjxjfed, to the several Persons entitled to the fame, the several Draw-

backs of Excise as the fame are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the Schedule marked

(B), hereunto annexed ; and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Ad or

Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the fame respectively

shall commence and take effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedules, in Cafes where

special Dates are inserted therein, and in Cafes where no such Date is inserted, from the Day on which this

Ad shall receive the Royal A (lent.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise by this Adimposed, as shall arise in

that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise

in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being ; and shall be

accounted for, cleared off, paid, Satisfied, and discharged by the Person and Persons liable to the accounting

for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in fuen

Manner, as the Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities

respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were by any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment in force immediately before the passing of this Act, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, finished,

or discharged.

III. 4 And whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made before the said seventh D iy of

4 December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, and by

DiflilL:rs-

