C.6o,6i. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

1794, whereon before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be stamped with the proper

any Duty isre- Stamp in that Behalf; and the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties on

^icTb t{heCre. damped Parchment, Paper, and Vellum, are hereby authorized and required to cause the fame to be damped

Sled Act, may, accordingly.

on Payment of the Duty by Aug. 1, 1797, be stampt.

Indentures

stampt may be

enrolled within

two Months.

Service of Clerks,

whose Indent-

ures have been

already stamped,

or who have

been bound by

newlndentures,

to commence

from Date of the

tuft Indentures.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Indenture and Writing shall and

may, at any Time within two Calendar Months next after the fame shall be so damped by virtue of this

Ad, be enrolled and registered by the proper Officer of the Court for that Purpose, together with an

Affidavit of the Time of the due Execution of such Contra£l, in Manner directed by the said Act; and

such Officer of the said Courts is hereby required and authorized to enrol and regider the fame accord-

ingly; and the Service of every such Clerk shall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due

Execution of such Indenture and Writing; the said A<St or any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withdanding.

III. And whereas several Persons who were bound as Clerks to Attornies by such Indentures and Writ-

c ings as aforesaid made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February respectively, and before the said twenty

4 eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, have since procured the said Articles

4 to be damped with the Stamp required by the said Act to denote the Payment of the said Duties, and other

4 such Persons have been again bound by Indentures and Writings duly damped according to the said Act y

and it is reasonable that some Relief should be given to such Clerks in respect to the Time when

4 their Service shall be deemed to commence ;’ therefore, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in

every such Cafe where the said Duty has, since the passing of the said Act, been already duly paid, and

such Indenture or Writing has been already duly damped, or where such Clerk has been again bound by

any Indenture or Writing duly damped according to the said Act, that then and in every such Cafe

the Service of such Clerk shall be deemed and taken to have commenced at the Time of the Execution of

such fird Indenture or Writing, and agreeable to the Terms thereof, provided the fame has been al-

ready, of shall be in the Time and in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, enrolled and registered, together

with an Affidavit of the Time of the Execution thereof; any Thing inr the said recited Act to the contrary

notwithstanding. , n 1

CAP. LX I.

37 Geo. 3. c. 34.

recited.

fcfciCcd Act

revived.

An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Ail passed in the pre-

sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspendy for a limited Time, the Opera-

tien of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesiy,

for rejlraining the Negociation of Premtjfory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a

limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.—[25th May 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act toJufpendyfor a

limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fif teenth and seventeenth Tears of the Reign of his pre-

4 sent Majesty, for refraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a

4 limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas it was by the said Act,

4 amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Person, liable to the Payment of any of such Notes,

4 Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as may be ifl'ued in pursuance of the said Act, should iregled or

4 fail to make full Payment, in Money, of the Sum or Sums for which such Notes, Draughts, or Under-

4 takings, in Writing, should be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof as should be or remain due

4 thereon respectively, by the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by the Holder or Holders

4 of such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing; then and in that Cafe the Amount of the

4 Money due, and Cods, {hould be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person liable to pay the fame,

in Manner by the said Act prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be revived,

4 altered, and continued, and that the said Term of three Days, therein mentioned, should be extended to

4 seven Days;* be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That the said recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby revived.

Term allowed

for Payment of

any Note, to-be

fevtn Days.

Continuance

of this Act,

which may be

altered cr re-

pealed this Sef-

fion. f3!re ft/lf

Caf. 12,0 ]

II. And it is further enacted, That the said Act shall be in Force from the first Day of this instant May,

and that the Term allowed for Payment of any Note, Draught, or Undertaking, in Writing, therein men-

tioned, shall be seven Days; till the Expiration of which Time no Warrant of Distress shall be ill’ued under

the Authority of the said Act, so revived and amended as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Act (6 amended shall have Continuance until the eighth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

IV. And be it further enacted. T hat this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to

be passed in this prdent Session of Parliament.

CAP

