1

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 24.

509

I

lO

►

11

i-

p

1

*1

3*

I

desert before

they arrive at

Quarters or

Ciiatharo, the

Pari/h must

provide others,

and the Houn-

ties of Deserters

unpaid may be

applied for that

Purpose.

Officers to re-

turn to the

Overseers the

Sum received

for

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace before whom any such Justices may

Volunteer {hall be attested, over and above such Part of the Bounty as shall have been agreed to be paid to or tr> ov‘r

such Volunteer on his engaging to serve, to direct and order the further Sum of one Guinea, out of such p'^'J *he

Bounty, to be advanced and paid to the Officer or Officers appointed to receive, and who {hall receive, such to°be'paid Vo-

Volunteer, to be by him laid out in providing immediate Nccdlaries for such Volunteer. lumecrson en-

SC?' ' 12. '£ gaginj, one Guinea to the Receiving Officers for Ncccflarics.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer or Volunteers who {hall be so attested {hall dcfcit lf volunteers

from his Majesty’s Service at any Time before such Volunteer or Volunteers shall have arrived at the Head

Quarters of their respective Regiments, if such Regiments shall then be in Great Britain, and if such

Regiments shall then be on Foreign Service bef»re such Volunteer or Volunteers shall have arrived at

Chatham Barracks, the Parish or Parishes by which such Volunteers were provided shall be liable to provide

other fit and able Men in lieu of those who shall so desert, to be raised in the Manner directed by the fuid

A&, within fourteen Days after Notice in Writing of such Desertion {hall be given to the respective Over-

seers of such Parishes or Places by the Officer from whom such Volunteer or Volunteers deserted; and the

Bounties agreed to be given to any such Volunteers who shall desert, and remaining unpaid, may be applied

for the Purj>ofe of providing other Men in lieu of those who shall desert: Provided always, that the Officer

or Officers who shall receive such other Men in lieu of those who have deserted, {hall return to the respective

Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes by whom such Men shall be raised, all Sums received by

him or them for the Purpose of providing Necessaries as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of one Guinea

for each such Man; all which Sums of-Money so repaid shall be allowed to such Officer or Officers in his

Or their Accounts. , of Deserers, not exceeding a Guinea.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Volunteer raised under the said Act for the Army, OnArnvaiof

shall have arrived at the Head Quarters of the Regiment for which he shall be attelled, if such Regiment shall

then be in Great Britain, or, il such Regiment shall be on Foreign Service, shall have arrived at Chatham

Barracks, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, in every Cafe where

the Regiment, for which such Volunteer shall be attested, shall then be in Great Britain, and lor the Inspector

General of the Recruiting Service at CJjathamy in every Cafe where the Regiment, for which such Volunteer

shall be attested shall then be on Foreign Service, and they are hereby relatively required to make out and

transmit the Pay Ticket directed to be made out by the said Act (and which Ticket shall be made out in the

Manner directed thereby) to the Receiver General of the County where such Volunteer shall have been

raised, and such Receiver General shall, and he is hereby empowered to pay to the Order of such Com-

manding Officer, or such Inspector General, as the Cafe may require, the Remainder of the Bounty

Money agreed to be paid to such Volunteer on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, out of any

Publick Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General; and such Receiver General shall pay the fame without

Delay, and shall demand Repayment of the fame from the County Treasurer who shall have received such

Bounty Money. #

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Bounty Money which any such Officer or such Inspector

General shall receive in pursuance of this Act for the Use of any Volunteer, it shall be lawful for them

respectively to apply Part thereof, not exceeding three Guineas, to complete the Necessaries to be provided

for such Volunteer, in the Manner such Commanding Officer and Inspector General respectively shall think

most for the Benefit of the respective Volunteers; and the Remainder of such Bounty Money (if any) shall

be advanced and paid to such Volunteers without Delay; and the Officer or Officers who shall have ex-

pended any Part of such Bounty Money in providing Necessaries as aforesaid, shall account to such Volun-

teers how the said respective Sums have been applied and disposed of, which Accounts shall be rendered

within a reasonable l ime after such Application thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been already enrolled by virtue of the

said Act of the present Session of Parliament, or who shall be enrolled by virtue thereof after the passing of

this Act, to serve in the Army, shall be delivered by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes for

which such Person shall be engaged to serve at the neared Place ot Rendezvous appointed, or to be appointed,

for the Reception of Volunteers raised for the Army by virtue of the said Act, within the County, Riding,

or Division, for which such Person shall be engaged to serve or if not there delivered, then at the Head

Charters of such Regiment, if such Regiment shall be in Great Britain, or if such Regiment shall be on

Foreign Service, then at Chatham Barracks; and that no Officer shall be compelled to receive such Person

at any other Place than is herein delcribt d.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer raised, or to be raised, for the

Army by virtue of the said Act, who shall have been delivered to the proper Officer at the Place of Rendez-

vous appointed for the Reception of Volunteers within any County, Riding, or Division, shall afterwards

desert from such Officer or Officers, then the Parish or Parishes for which the Person so delerting shall have

been raised, and which shall provide any other Man in lieu of the Person so defecting, shall be entitled to

receive the Sum paid to such Deleiter, not exceeding one third Part of such Sum as shall have been agreed

to be paid to him as a Bounty at the Time when he engaged to feive, and which shall have been expressed

in the Certificate of the Justices of the Peace who shall ha$e attested such Person; and the justices of the

Peace before whom such other Man shall be attested, shall, on Production of fuen Certificate, or a true

thereof, attested by the Justices granting the lame, make an Order on the Receiver General of the

County,

Volunteers at

Quarters or

Chatham, aJ*ay

Tiwkei to be

transanted to

the County Re-

ceiver Genera],

who shall pay

the Remainder

of Bounties,

and demand the

fame of the

County Trea-

furcr.

Out of the

Bounty, three

Guineas may

be applied for

NeceflTarh s, and

the Remainder

paid the Volun-

teer.

Rerfon s enrolled

to be delivered

by the Over-

seers, at the

neareil Rendez-

vous, oral Head

Quarter* or

Chatham.

If a Volunteer

desert after Dc

livery at the

Rendezvous,

the Parish

which shall pro-

vide another

Man shall re-

ceive the Sum

paid the De.

ferter, not ex-

ceeding a Third

of the Bounty*

4c.

