ro8

them to !)C

transmitted to

the Admiralty

in the following

Form.

Penalty for

neglecting to

transmit £x-

tracts of Re-

gifters, Sec.

To what Places

Vessels shall be

deemed to

belong.

Penalty for

falsely (wearing,

counterfeiting

Certificates,

Act not to ex-

tend to Vessels

of the Royal

Family, or for

Pieafure.

How Penalties

may be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

Continuance

of Act.

C. 58. Anno tricesimo quinto G eorgii III. A.D. 1795.

on or before the fifteenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, make out and transmit

to the Commissioners of the Admiralty aforesaid, signed by him, and in his Name, a true and faithful Extract

of all such Registers, distinguishing, by the respective Titles of such Extrads, the particular Rivers, Canals,

or other Inland Waters or Navigations, in or upon which each Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other

Vessel, then was and had been usually navigated ; and which shall be made in the Form following:

videlicet y S'

Navigation from to in the of extending

Miles, or thereabouts.

N° of Vessels Kind Burthen Number

registered of of Master's Name. of Men Capacities.

progressive. Vessel. D°. employed.

I '

And if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to transmit such Extra# of all such Registers, or shall wilfully

transmit any false Extra# thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one

hundred Pounds. m\ *.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the County, Riding, Division, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place to which any such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vcllel shall be deemed

and taken to belong for the Purposes of this A#, shall be any one of the Counties, Ridings, Shires,

Stewartries, Divisions, or Places in which such River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation,

whereon such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, shall

run or be, or the xMaster or other Person having the Charge.or Command thereof, shall usually reside.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely

make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be so verified, such Person or Persons shall suffer

the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury ; and that if

any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed to be

obtained by this A#, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certificate so counterfeited, erased,

altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A#

contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require to be registered, according to the Directions of

this A#, any Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Ve(Iel, under whatsoever Description the fame may

fall, being the Property of his Majesty, or the Royal Family, or any of them, or any Boat used foiely for

Pieafure ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by

this A# (except as herein is otherwise specially directed) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and reco-

vered, in such Courts, and bedisposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any

Penalties or Forfeitures infli#, or which may be incurred, for any Offence committed against the Laws

of Excise may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the Officer or

Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this A#, shall be entitled to and receive the same Share

of the Produce arising from such Seizures, as in the Cafe of Seizure for unlawful Importation, and to such

Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty for any Offence against this A#, as any

Officer or Officers is or are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary

Penalties. > # . I

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A# shall have Continuance until

the fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence until the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

