A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quin to Georgii III. G. 89- *55

exceeding five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of thirty Pounds; and that I have

not, nor any body for me hath, direCtly or indirectly, fold, leftened, or other wise conveyed, disposed of

in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Secu-

rities, Contracts, or Estate, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the fame, or to receive or expect any

Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am

or was indebted in any wise howsoever. < go ^c], me QQD

IV. And be it further enaCted, That instead of the Oath directed by the said ACt to be taken (if required

as therein mentioned) by the Gaoler or Person who aCts as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison, at the

Time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged, an Oath to the following Effect (if so

required) shall be administered and taken:

4 J A% B. do swear. That was, as I verily believe, a Prisoner in Custody at and upon

4 the twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and that the Copy or

4 Copies, Account or Accounts of the Cause or causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by

4 me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy

4 or Copies, Aecount or Accounts, of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any

4 Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person whatsoever, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.*

Gaolers on

bringing up

Prifcners to be

discharged to

take the follow-

ing

Oath.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Pro-

visions, Penalties, Regulations, and Directions in the said ACt contained, shall apply to the Cafes of die

Prisoners meant to be discharged under xh;s Act, in the same Manner as if the said Clauses, Powers, Pro-

visions, Penalties, Regulations, and Directions, were herein inserted and enacted.

Recited A61 t#

extend to Pri-

foners meant to

be discharged

under chi* A&.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An ACt for making perpetual an ACt, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines

and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wadi, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation

of Spirits; and for regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to

Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue lb much of an ACt, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop,

George Bishop, and /Irgles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva;

and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an ACt, made in the twenty-seventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors,

for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.—[22d June 1795.]

4 WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near

4 VV expiring;’ be it therefore enaCted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That an ACt, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, an Act to continue two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and iitienty-ninth Tears of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, 4 for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Loiu Wines

and Spirits, and upon IVorts, IVaJh, and other Liquors there used in the Dist illation of Spirits, and for granting

to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Britillw/W,? Spirits from

England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England ; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the

Duties upon Low I Tines and Spirits for Home Consumption ; and for granting and ft curing the due Payment of

ether Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making ana vending British Spirits; and for

discontinuing for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the Weft

Indies;” and for amending the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Tear cf his present Majesty 's Reign ; and

such Parts of the said ACts of the tweniy-sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, slave and

except the Duties imposed by the said ACt of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid,) as were con-

tinued by the said ACt of the thirtieth Year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-one ; and by another ACt of the thirty-first Year of the Reign aforesaid, until and

upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and by another ACt of the thirty-

third Year of the Reign aforesaid, until and upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

nmety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are

hereby made perpetual. '

JI. 4 And whereas by an ACt, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

c An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time,

4 and a I fa for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain Rules, Regulations,

ft . ! A ! I ) h iriAt' nil fine on/l H nrfwitnt t ■»r /■» Uir o n A Af ^ L aL

of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled, and established, for the Manufacture cf

Spirits called Aiaidstone Geneva, established at Alaidjhne in the County of Kent, by George Bishop of that

Place, and that certain Duties were by the said Act, and by another ACt made in the thirty-first Year of

X 2 4 ihe

30 Geo. 111.

Cap. 37,

and such Part*

of 26 Geo. III.

CaP* 73»

2S Geo. III.

Cap. 46, and 23

Geo. III. Cap.

45, (except ac

hereby except-.

,) which were

continued by

33 Geo III.

Cap. 59, to Dec.

1, 1795, made

perpetual.

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 59,

