ji Geo. 3. c. 30.

33 Geo.3. c. 65.

Hi* Majesty in

Council may al-

low additional

Quantities of

Wheat, fee. to

he exported to

Guernsey, Jer-

fey, and Alder-

j»oy.

15 Geo. 2. c. 28.

and

*1 Geo. 3. c 40.

Tc cited.

So much of first

recited Adf, as

relates to Half-

pence and Far-

things, and the

lait recited Act,

and all others

relating to Cop-

per Money of

this Realm, to

extend to all

Copper Mbney

ordered by Pro-

ta-mation to be

taken as Cur-

relit Money.

25

tricesimo sept

D

passed in the thirty-nrlt Year of his prclent JVIajelty s Reign, intituled, An Act Jor regulating the Import-

4 at ion and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty o>

4 British Corn exported; the other in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ac]

1 Jci_____v a— -ri.:, 4* r____

4C other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time* in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty; and for

44 permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported, in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of

“ the last Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the Manu~

fafturc of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Wines and Spirits,” which Act

4 Is to continue in force until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of

4 Parliament, il is enabled, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the

4 Advice of his or their Privy Councilor by Order in Council,to permit, not with {landing the Prohibition

in the fakl Act, the carrying coastwifo, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Corn,

4 or other Articles mentioned in the said Act, for all or any.of the Purposes mentioned in two Acts, one

t »■% > H...1 f U 1 Cr/l \ /an * /\f Kie rwnlon t- TV /f O flA 11 V T? A« nr r> inf iHtlci/1 ^m /is* a/Tli/zif 1 hit 4 \%A I

on

, An Act

4 to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,44 An Act for re-

44 gulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn importedY

44 and of the Bounty on British Corn exportedf or either of them, in like Manner, and in the fame Pro-

4 portions and Quantities, and from and to the fame Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two lad rnen-

4 tioned Acts, or either of them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as

4 aforesaid,are prohibited to be exported, subject to the Regulations therein mentioned: And whereas it is

4 expedient that a greater Quantity of Corn, and other Articles, should be allowed to be exported to the

4 Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, than is permitted by the said two Acts Be it therefore enacted

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That

it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy

Council, or by Order id Council, during the Continuance of the said first-mentioned A cl, to allow, in

Addition to the Quantities allowed in the said two Acts, the Exportation to the Islands of Guernsey, JerseyY

and Alderney, of any Quantity, not exceeding ten thousand Quarters, of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour,

Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Peas, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations,

and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in such Cafe

required and imposed. ( T H Anj- 9

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper Coin in this Realm made, or to be

made, current by Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin; and to prevent

the bringing irro this Realm, or uttering, any counterfeit Foreign Geld or Silver

Coin.—[19th July 1797.] JtfS

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, by their unanimous Ad-

dress to his Majesty, have requested that his Majesty would be graciously plealed to give Di-

4 redtions that Measures might be taken for procuring an immediate Supply of such Copper Coinage as

4 might be best adapted to the Payment of the laborious Poor; and it is necessary that so much of the Pro-

4 viuons contained in an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the Current Coin of this

4 Kingdom, and the uttering or paying fasse or counterfeit Coin, as relates to the Copper Monies'of this-

4 Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing; and also the Provisions contained in an Act,

4 passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually prc~

4 venting the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm; and all other Provisions made by Law concern-

4 ing the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing, should be ex-

4 tended to such Copper Money as may be coined and issued in pursuance of such Address, and all other

4 Copper Monies of this Realm, which may be hereafter coined and issued by his Majesty’s Authority p

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mofl excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the parting of this Act, so much of the said Act, passed in the fifteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual pre-

venting the counterfeiting of the Current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying fasse or counterfeit

Coin, as relates to the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing; and

also the said Act of the eleventh Year of his iVhjesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually pre~

venting the counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm 5 and all and every other Acts and Act of Parliament

concerning the Copper Monies of this Realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing, or any

other Copper Money of this Realm, shall extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all

such Pieces of Copper Money as shall be coined and issued by Order of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceflors, and as shall, by his or their Royal Proclamation,-be ordered to be deemed and taken as Current

Money ol this Realm; and that all and every the Provisions in such Acts, or any of them contained, shall

extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such other Pieces of Copper Money as

aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if such Pieces had been particularly mentioned and described in

such Acts respectively. ~ '1

II. 4 And

