821

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 6i, 62,63.

the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be continued and

4 amended be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the same. That if, on the twenty-third Day of June, twenty-third Day of 4'cgufl^ twenty-third

Day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and'the twenty-third Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Average Prices of Brown or Alufcovado Sugar, taken in the

Manner directed by the said Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

the six Weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-seven Shillings and Sixpence for an Hundred Weight, ex-

elusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, then

and in such Cafe the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed $ any

Thing in the said recited Afl to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ii. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall have Continuance until the End of

the next Session of Parliament.

v . J

CAP. LXII.: '

An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread,

to make an Allowance on account of the additional Duty on Salt.—[21ft June 1798.]

If the Average

Price of 'Brown

Sugar shall not,

at rhe Periods

herein mention-

, exceed 67s.

6d. per Cwt.

the Drawback

and Bounty on

Exportation to

be paid.

Continuance of

Act.

w

4 whereof the Bakers will be considerably injured, iffome Allowance be not made to them on account of

4 such additional Duties :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaffed; and be it enacted

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from l ime to Time, when and so often as any Magistrates or Justices of the Peace within the Limits of

their respective Jurisdifhons shall, by virtue of any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes, made for that Pur-

pose, set the Assize of Bread, they shall, immediately before setting such Assize, add to what shall appear to

be the Average Priceper Quarter of Wheat fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Five-pence,

on account of the additional Duty on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Five-penee per Quarter,

and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price in all Respects as if the

fame were the real Average Price of Wheat, so long as such additional Duty on Salt shall continue j but

no longer. ‘ v

CAP. LXIIL

An Act for the further Encouragement of the T rade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man ;

for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smug-

gling to and from the said island.—[21ft June 1798.]

for the

Report

Cap. 43 of this

Session.

In setting the

Assize of Bread

5d. per Quarter

to be added to

the Average

Price of Wheat,

on account of

the additional

Duty on Salt.

( Setc. 55 cf tbM

Local Act i,

WHEREAS a Report has been made, in consequence of a Commission from his Majesty,

Purpose of obtaining Information upon various Points respecting the Isle of Man^ which

\ /f ^ t ^ a ( ^ ^ m s\ W a 1 n r\ n » -I I I (a £ C r\ rv> A M O A f ^ f flf £% W* A A ^ fl

has

that

, by his Majesty’s Command, been laid before the House of Commons: And whereas it is expedient,

t, until Parliament can take the said Report under their Consideration, some temporary Encourage-

1 1 / 111 . 1 . At f 1 \ a r ri ^ ^ r a l ^ 771 ~ ^ f A_. _ ^ ^. 1i

roent and Relief should be granted to the Trade and Manufactures of the Jfeof Man, as well as some

further Regulations made for the more eftectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said island:

And whereas, by an ACt passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An 20 Geo.3.c.42t

At7 for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man,

and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said island, the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs in England, or any three of them, are authorized to grant Licence (among other

Things) for the Exportation from any Pi

.....__________r rt in England into the rort or Douglas, in the Isle oj Man, of any

Quantity of British Spirits,not exceeding forty thousand Gallons in one Year: And whereas it is expedient

to repeal the said recited Act, so far as relates to the allowing British Spirits to be exported from England

4 to the said Isle of Man \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, no British Spirits shall be allowed to be shipped for, or exported from, any Port

or Place in England^ to the said Isle of Alan, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship, Vef-

lei, or Boat, in or on board of which the fame shall be so shipped or exported j any Thing in the said recited

ACI to the contrary notwithstanding. ’ * "

Of

a

From July 5,

179S, no Bri-

tish Spirits to

be exported

from England

. ' to the Ifleof

Mao, on Penalty of Forfeiture, Sec.

cient Quantity The Commis.

n hundred and loners of the

nine‘y- 2SSIU

