636

c

tricesimo sept

A.D. 1797.

to be paid for the

Use of Green-

wich Hospital,

Sc c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs,

Continuance

of Act.

and to the Use of the said Hospital at Greenwich, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all

such Parts and Proportions of the Proceeds of Prizes taken during the Hostilities last above mentioned by the

conjoint Operation of his Majesty’s Sea and Land Forces, as shall have been so decreed, granted, or allotted

to his Majesty’s Sea Forces, as aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by

virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within two Years next after

the Matter or Thing done, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any T rial to be had thereon, and

that the fame was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall-pate

for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or

their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or other-

wife, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plain-

tiff or Plaintiffs. , - < *• KEKuEfl

r 9 •

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force during

the present Hostilities with France, the United Provinces, and Spain respectively, (as far as the Matters and

Things herein contained relate to or concern the said Hostilities respectively,) and no longer ; save and except

all such Matters and Things as shall be depending In Judgment in the High Court of Admiralty, or other

Courts of Admiralty in his Majesty’s Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record

in Great Britain, or the Plantations, in consequence of the Capture or Captures made during the present

Hostilities, or of any Offence committed contrary to this Act; in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full

Force until such Matters, and every 'Thing dependent thereupon, shall be finally adjudged and determined.

cap. cx. ,:r I

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Customs on certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise; and on

Pepper to be used and consumed in, this Kingdom.—[19th July 1797.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

4 XT 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

1 VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Customs hereinafter mentioned; and do most

4 humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the eighteenth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid,

unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable by Law,

the following additional Duties of Customs, in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement what-

ever; that is to say, For every Pound Weight of Pepper which shall have been, or shall be, lodged or secured

in any Warehouse in this Kingdom, under his Majesty’s Locks, an additional Duty of Threepence; and so

in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity: Which said Duty shall be paid to the proper Officer of his

Majesty’s Customs, before any such Pepper shall be delivered out of or from any such Warehouse; in order

to be used or consumed in this Kingdom. , ! f H

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, colle<£led, and paid, unto and for the LYe

of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs, at and after the R ite of five

Pounds per Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Duties of Customs payable by Law,

for and upon any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be imported into, exported from, or

brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except as hereinafter is excepted : Provided always, that

toms upon ccr- the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum, hereinbefore granted, shall not be charged or paid for 8r on Ac-

tam Goods im- count of any Prize Goods which shall be warehoused in this Kingdom, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ported, export- ment macje for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize

l< , or came Goods in this Kingdom, unless and until such Goods shall be taken out of, or delivered from, such Ware-

houses, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom ; in which Cafe, and before any Prize Goods now ware-

housed, or hereafter to be warehoused, shall be so taken out of, or delivered from, such Warehoutes, the

Duty of five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the respective Duties of Customs, payable

by Law on any such Goods so taken out of, or delivered from, such Warehouses, shall be first paid to the

proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs: Provided also, that the said Duty of five Pounds per Centum

hereinbefore granted, shall not be charged or paid on the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs

payable,on the Importation into Great Britaiyof any Tea, Sugar, Wine, Tobacco, Ordinary Oil of Olives,

or Caliicoes, nor on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs of five Pounds and of

ten Pounds per Centum granted by an AdT, passed in this present Session of Parliament, (amongst other

'Things,) for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, im-

ported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

Duties of Customs of 5 L and 101. per Cent, granted by Cap. 15.0! tius Session* . Ill, And

9 ' B BHIT

An additional

Duty of 3d. on

every lb. of

warehoused

Pepptr deliver-

for Home

Consumption.

An additional

Duty of 5 I. per

Cent, to lie paid

upon the A-

mount of the

Duties of Cuf-

Coastwise.

On Prize Goods

warehoused. the

additional Duty

not to be paid

till delivered

out for Horue

Consumption.

Additional Duty

not to be charg-

on Tea, Scz.

imported, nor

on the additional

