8co

plied in Pur*

chafe of Real

Eftaie; in

which Cafe the

Land Tax shall

he considered as

Real Estate;

but the Entail

in which may

be barred by

Deed enrolled

or regi lUred.

Timber may he

cut down by

Persons in Pof-

ftlTion under

Order of Chan-

eery, Arc. and

the Produce and

Surplus applied

in Redemption

9f Land Tax,

Ice. as in Cafes

of Real Ertate,

under the Di-

rection of the

Courts; having

regard to the

Rights of allPcr-

fons interested.

Copyhold or

Customary Ef-

tatesmay be en-

franchised for

the fame Pur-

j>oses.

Money may be

given or devised

for the Redemp-

tien of the Land

Tax on Estates

of Charities.

Parishes entitled

to Lands settled

to charitable

Uses, may re-

deem the Land

Tax thereon out

ct the Poor’s

Rate, &c. with

the Approbation

of two Justices,

and on public

Notice in

Church for two

Sundays.

Surveyor Gene"

ral of the

Crown, the

Chancellor and

Council of the

Duchy of Lan-

caster, and Sur-

veyor General

of the Duchy of

Cornwall, may

agree for Rc-

C. 60. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo G eorgii III. A.D. 1798.

apply the fame in the Purchase of Real Estate, to be settled to or for any particular Uses, Intents, or Pur-

poses, it shall be lawful to apply the fame in the Purchase of any Land I ax to be purchased in pursuance Oi

this Act; and such Land Tax, when so purchased and conveyed to the LJfes, and subject to the 1 rusts, and

for the Intents and Purposes to and for which such Real Estate, if purchased, would have been fussed, jh<d|

be deemed to be of the Nature of Real Estate, and shall go and be applied in the same Manner as Real

Estate, if purchased with the fame Funds, would have gone and been applied : Provided always, That it

shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons who shall become entitled to any such Land lax so pur-

chafed and settled as Real Estate, to bar and destroy any Entail thereof, whicl? might have been barred by

Recovery or Fine by Deed acknowledged by such Person or Persons, and enrobed in one of his Majesty s

Courts of Record at l'VeJlminster> or in the Courts of the said Counties Palatine, or the Great Sessions in

Wales^ as ihe Cafe shall require, or registered in the Office for registering Deeds in the Counties of Middle-

sex or Torky as the Cafe shall require. v. T j -r

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing the Land lax

charg'd on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, .Tenements, or Hereditaments subjea to any Restriction, 10

the Power of the Person or Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, to cut down

l imber (landing thereon, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons in Poflelfion, with the Approbation

(if in England) of the Court of Chancery, and (if in Scotland) of the Court of Session, upon an Applica-

tien in a summary Way, to cut down such Quantity of T imber as the said Courts shall respectively direct,

and apply the Produce thereof, under the Directions of luyh Courts, in the Redemption or Purchase of the

Land Fax, or any Part thereof, charged on any Manors, Lands, I encments, or Hereditaments, whereon

the said Timber shall be growing, or any Aianors, Mefluages, Lands, I enements, or Hereditaments,

subject to the fame Restriction ; and in case there shall be any Surplus of Money arising by Sale of Rich

Timber, the fame shall be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, with respect to Surplus Money arihng

by Sale of any Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby authorized to be told.

Provided always nevertheless, That the Court by whole Direction any such Timber shall be fold, shall

further direct in what Manner the Income derived therefrom ought to be applied during lo long rime as

the Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which such Timber shall be growing, shall be m

Poflelfion of any Person or Persons having a limited Interest or limited Interests therein, having regard to

the Rights of all Persons interested therein. \ n

XLII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Body Politic or Corporate, or Com-

pany, and for any Person or Persons (eifed of any Manors in England, of which any Copyhold or Cuf-

tomary Estates shall be holden, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to enfranchise any such

Copyhold or Customary Estates, and to apply the Money arising thereby, under the Direction of the Uid

Court, in the same Manner and under the fame Restrictions as hereinbefore directed^ and provided with

respect to any Timber hereby authorized to be cut down on any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, for the like Purpose.

XLIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons by \V ill or other-

wife, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, to give any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of applying

the fame in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments settled to any charitable Isles, and which may and shall be applied accord-

ingly ; any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Parish or Place entitled to the Benefit

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments settled to charitable Ules, to apply such Sum or Sums of

Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of the Land I ax charged thereon, out of any Rate made

or to be made on such Parish or Place for the Relief of the Poor, in case the Rents and Profits of such

Lands shall be applicable for the Benefit of the Poor, and out of any Church Rate, in case the Rents and

Profits shall be applicable to the Repairs of any Church or Chapel, or otherwise out of such Parish Rate as

the Circumstances of the particular Cafe shall require: Provided always, That no such Rate shall he so

applied without the Approbation of two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place,

certified in Writing to the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, and upon

Proof before such Justices, on Oath or Affirmation, of Notice having been given during Divine Service on

two Sundays at the least in the Church or Chapel, belonging to such Parish or Place, or where there shall

be no Church or Chapel, then in the Church or Chapel of some Parish adjoining thereto, of an Intention

to make such Application, and of the Time and Place of applying for the Approbation of such Justices.

XLV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Reve-

nues of the Crown, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, 1 enements,

Rents, or other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer for the 1 ime

being, with the Consent of the I/ord High Treafuier, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the 1 ime

being, and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of LancaJUr for the l ime being, in respect ot

the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other

Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Chancellor and Council, and Officers

of the said Duchy, and for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, in respect of the Land Tax

charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Duchy of

