A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 90.

t>f the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who

shall pay the fame, the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame being deducted,

into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on Ramped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are dire<5led to be paid; and the said Money so paid into the find Receipt

as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates

or Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition

made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or

Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Par-

liament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said

Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and there shall be provided

and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or

Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties paid into the said Receipt shall,

together with the Monies arising from an^ other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for

the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other

Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XXIII. And whereas certain Stamp Duties of six Shillings or of eleven Shillings respectively, are

4 charged by several A£fs on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on

4 which shall be engrossed, primed, or written, any Policy of Assurance: And whereas it is expedient that

the said Duties, as far as the fame relate to Policies for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Mer-

4 chandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, should be repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu

4 thereof;* be it further enacted, That all the Duties imposed by any Act or Acts in Forcg, on and immedi-

ately before the passing of this Act, on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of

Paper, on which* any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes,or

ether Property, from Loss by Fire, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, cease and determine, save and except always as to any Arrears of the said several Duties

which may, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain unpaid, or to

any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or

on the said fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven; and also save and except the several

Powers, Provisions, and Remedies, for recovering the said Duties respectively, which shall continue to be in

full Force and Effect.

XXIV. And be it further ena£led. That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven

and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, colle£led, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Duties hereinafter next mentioned;

that is to say.

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

engrossed, written, or printed, any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares,

Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, where the Sum insured thereon shall not amount

onto one thousand Pounds, the Sum of three Shillings; and where the Sum insured thereon shall amount

onto one thousand Pounds, or upwards, the Sum of six Shillings:

Which several Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in like Manner as the Duties hereby

repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, and paid, on and immediately before the passing of this

Act, or any Duties hereby granted may be raised, levied, collected, or paid by virtue of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the said several Rates and

Duties hereby granted on Policies (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being de-

ducted) shall be paid into his Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such

Manner as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, aie directed to be paid, and shall be

carded to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XfcVI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, At-

4 tornies, and others, prafiifing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with

4 respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed on Record, as therein mentioned; cer-

4 tain Duties were granted on Certificates to be taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, ProClor,

4 Agent, or Procurator, of his Admission, Enrolment, or Register, in any of the Courts therein men-

4 tioned: And whereas, for the avoiding Frauds, it is expedient that the Certificates shall be taken out only

4 at the Head Office of Stamps;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-leven, ©very Person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered, a Solicitor,

Attorney, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at Weshninfler* or in any

Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Great Sessions in Wales, or in

any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court in that Part of Great Britain called England

holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings or more, shall, annually, between

the first Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term then next following, during such J une as he shall

continue so to practise in any of the said Courts, or before such Person shall commence, carry on, or defend,

any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver in to the Commissioners

appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officer or Officers

37 Geo. 111. 4F appointed

577

ported, to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver General

for Stamp;, and

by him into the

Exchequer.

Duties to be an

Addition to the

Revenue for de-

fraying the in-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of this

Session,

Present Duties

on Policies for

Insurance* from

Loss by Fire,

repealed from

July 5, 1797,

+[shall be r#»-

grojfed. printed)

or 'written}

and the Duties

following to be

paid:

Where the Sum

insured shall not

amount to

xooool., 3 s.} and

for 1000I. and '

upwards, 6 s-;

which shall be

levied as the re-

pealed Duties.

Duties on Poli-

cies to be paid

into the Exche-

quer as other

Stamp Duties.

*5 Geo. 3. c. 80.

recited.

From Nov. ?,

17^7, every So-

licitor, Scc. in

the Courts at

Wcdminster,

and certain

other Courts,

shall, between

Nov. 1, and the

End of Michael-

mas Term an-

nually, deliver

at the Head Of-

fice for Stamps a

