Commence-

rmnt of Sala-

ries, which sre

to be in lieu of

all Emoluments.

If the Recorder

i etui n ii* Eu-

rope after five

Years Refidcncc

in India as such,

las Majesty may

order him an.

Annuity out of

the Territorial

Revenues, not

exceeding uocl.

If the Recorder

die, no Succeif-

er bcinp on the

Spot, the junior

Puisne Judge '

of the Supreme

Court at Cal-

cutta to proceed

to the Settle-

ment, and hold

the Office till a

Recorder ar-

rives.

Adding Re-

corder to re-

ceive a Propor-

tien of Salary.

Appointment

of Judge rot

vacated by add-

ing as Recorder.

Recorders not

to be concerned

in Traffic.

Recorder to be

as the*

of the

opreme Court

at Calcutta.

Judges

Saprenr

All new Forms

of Proctfs to be

trans.nitted to

the Board for

India Affairs.

From Dec. 7,

1797, no Bri-

tish Subject

to lend any

Monty, or be

concerned in

railing any for

Native Princes,

without Consent

of the Court of

Directors, or

the Governor

W

0.142. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III; A.D. *79 7-

ments oi Madras and Bombay, at an Exchange of eight Shillings for the Pagoda at Madras, and of two

Shillings and Sixpence for the Bombay Rupee at the Settlement cf Bombay.

XX. And be it further enacted, "I hat the said Salaries shall take place and commence, in respect to such

Persons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the Time of their Appointment, upon and from the Day

on which such Person shall embark from Great Britain; and that the Salaries of all such Persons who shall

at the Time of their Appointment be resident in India, shall commence and take place from and after their

respectively taking upon them the Execution of their Office as aforesaid; and that all such Salaries shall be

in lieu of all Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, and Advantages whatsoever , and that no Fees of

Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advantages whatsoever shall be accepted, received, or taken, in any

Manner, or on any Account or Pretence whatsoever. other than such Salaries and Allowances as are in

and by this A<tt directed to be paid*^JP^

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Recorder of the Court of Judicature at Madras and Bombay

respectively, shall return to Europe, from Age, Infirmity, or other Cause, to be approved of by his Ma-

t /I II I « m / 4 * Jtf Tfc i V I fl

jesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under the Sign Manual, to direct and autho-

rize an Allowance to be made out of the Revenues of the British Territories in India, to such Recorder- so

returning: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct any larger Allowance to

be made to such Recorder so returning, than the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds per Jnnum; nor

shall it be lawful for his Majesty to diredfc any Allowance to be made to any Person who has not resided five

Years in India as Recorder of such Courts of Judicature: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for

his Majesty to direct the Allowance of any Sum to any Recorder as aforesaid, which, with the Allowance

already directed and authorized at the Date of such Grant to be paid, either to any P,ecorder as aforesaid,

or any Chief Justice or other Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta, shall, in the Whole,

exceed the Amount of the Salary of one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta

XXII. And, in order more effectually to provide for the regular Administration of Justice, be it enacted,

That whenever it shall happen that the Recorder of Madras or Bombay respectively shall die, and no Person

shall be upon the Spot, who shall be appointed by his Majesty to succeed to such Recordership, in such

Cafe, and as soon as the fame shall be made known to the Supreme Court of Judicature at Calcutta, the

junior Puisne Judge of the said Court shall, and he is hereby directed and authorized to proceed, with all

convenient Speed, to the Settlement where such Vacancy (nail have happened, and shall take upon himself

the Office of Recorder of the said Settlement, and shall hold and exercise the fame in as full and ample a Man-

rer as if he had been appointed Recorder of the said Settlement by his Majesty by Authority of this Act,

and shall continue to hold and exercise thg said Office until a Recorder shall be appointed by his Majesty,

and until such Recorder shall arrive at the said Settlement, and no longer.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Judge, so acting as Recorder during a Vacancy, and until

the Arrival of the Person appointed to succeed [to] the said Office, shall be entitled to receive a Proportion of

Salary, and no more than would have become due to such Recorder during the Period while the Vacancy

shall be supplied by such Judge as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vacate the

Appointment of such Judge by reason of his exercising the Office of Recorder as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Person or Persons so to be appointed by his Majesty

Recorder of the Court of Judicature a/ Madras and Bombay respectively, shall not carry on, he concerned in,

or have any Dealings or Transactions by Way of Traffic or Commerce of any Kind whatsoever, either for

his or their own Use, Benefit, Profit, or Advantage, or the Use, Benefit, Profit, or Advantage of any Person

whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed by or charged upon the said Recorder of

the said Courts, shall be heard, tried, and determined in the same Manner as if the fame were committed by

or charged upon any of the Judges of the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Calcutta.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all new Forms of Procefs, or Rules and Orders for the Execution

thereof, shall be transmitted to the President of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of Indiay to be

laid before his Majesty for his Royal Approbation, Correction, or Refusal; and such Process shall be used,

ami such Rules shall be observed until the fame shall be repealed or varied, and in the last Cafe with such

Variation as shall be made therein.

XXVIII. And whereas the Practice of British Subjects lending Money, or being concerned in the lend-

4 ing of the fame, or in Transactions for the borrowing Money for, or lending Money to, the Native Princes

in Indiay has been productive of much Mischief, and is the Source of much Usury and Extortion: And

4 whereas the wholesome Orders of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants trading to

4 India, have not been sufficient to restrain and repress the fame: And whereas it is highly deferable that such

4 Practices should be prevented in futurebe it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Day of

December next, no British Subject shall, by himself, or by any other Person directly or indirectly employed

by him, lend any Money or other valuable Thing to any Native Prince in lndiay by whatever Name or

Description such Native Prince shall be called, nor shall any British) Subjedi, either by himself, or by any

other Person directly or indirectly employed by him, be concerned in the lending any Money to any such

3 , Native

