532

Cash to be laid

before I’arha-

ment.

Bank not to ad-

vance more than

6oo,ooool. for

the Public Ser-

vice during the

Restriction,

[&•*£. 91. § 3*]

The Bank ifny

repay in Cash

three-fourths of

Sums'n^t under

5C0I. received

by them in ex-

change for

Notes after

April 7, 1797>

and during the

Restrictions of

this Act.

91. § 4«J

The Bank may

advance to the

Bankers of Lon-

don, Westmin-

fter, and South-

wark, ico,ooool.

in Cash.

The Bank may

advance in Cash

to the Bank of

Scotland, and to

the Royal Bank

of Scotland,

25,0001. each.

Payments in

Notes to be

deemed Pay-,

ments in Cash if

accepted as

fitch.

No Perfen to he

held to Special

Bail unit is Af-

fidavit required

to be made by 12

Geo. 1 c. 29.

a Kb add that

there had been

, no Offer to pay

in B.mk Notes:

Otherwise Pro-

ceedings to be

had as if ro Af-

fidavit had been

made to hold to

Special Bail.

If any Person,

having offered

to pay in Bank

Now, cannot by

C. 4-5*

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three Days after the Date of each of such

Order, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if not, then within three Days after the Sitting of Parlia--

ment.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it (Hall not be lawful for the said Governor and Company,

during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments of Cash imposed by this Act, to issue any Sum of

Money in Cash, or in Notes of the said Governor and Company, by way of Loan or Advance, for

or on account of the Public Service, except to an Amount not exceeding iix hundred thousand Pounds,

on the Credit of Exchequer Bills, to be issued by virtue of an Act of the present Session of Parliament for

railing the Sum of eighteen millions by way of Annuities; any Law, Usage, or Statute, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

seventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, duting the Continuance of the Restric-

tien by this Act imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, it shall neverthelel’s be

lawful for the said Governor and Company to accept, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Sum or

Sums of Money, in Cash, not being less than five hundred Pounds, in Exchange for Notes or tnefaid.

Governor and Company, of equal Amount, upon an Engagement from the said Governor and Company*

to pay to such Person or Persons, during the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, Cash in ex-

change for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, payable on Demand, to such an

Amount, not exceeding in the Whole Three-fourths of the Sum of Money which shall have been so paid by

such Person or Persons to the said Governor and Company in Cash, and in such Proportions, and at fuchi

Intervals, as shall be expressed in such Engagement; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Com-

pany to pay in Cash such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the

Terms of such Engagement, to the Amount, in the Proportions, at the Times, and in the Manner therein,

to be expressed ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the

said Governor and Company, notwithstanding the Restriction imposed by this Act, to advance, for the Ac-

commodation of the Persons dealing as Bankers in London, Weshninster, and the Borough of Southwark, in

Cash, any Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole, to be paid ro such

Persons, at such Times, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as to the said Governor and Company

shall seem expedients

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Application being made to them, by or on the

Behalf of the Treasurer of the Bank called The Bank of Scotland, established by an Act of the Parliament of

Scotland, in one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, or by or on the Behalf of the Cashier o the Bank called

The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by Royal Charter, dated the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and twenty-seven, to issue and pay to such Treasurer or Cashier respectively, or to such Person or

Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the foie Use of the said Banks, such Sum

or Sums of Monty, in Gold or Silver, as may be required, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand

Pounls for each of the said Banks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding. ’

VIIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments in Notes of the said

Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, which have been made since the said twenty-

sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the Re-

ftridtion on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, herein contained, shall be deemed Pay-

ments in Cash if made and accepted as such; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding. , # » U ’ 6«

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afbfefaid, That during the Continuance of the Restriction

on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, imposed by this Act, no Person shall be held to

Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, unless the Affidavit which shall be made for that.

Purpose according to the Provisions in the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall not only contain the several Matters

required by the said A#, but also that no Offer has been made to pay the Sum of.Money jn such Affidavit

mentioned, and therein sworn to, for the Purpose of holding any Person to Special Bail, in Notes of the

said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand (fradtional Parts of the Sum of twenty

Shillings only excepted) \ and if any Process shall be issued against any Person upon which such Person

might have been held to SpeciaLBail before the passing of this Act, and no Affidavit shall be made as afore-

said, that no such Offer of Payment in Notes of the Governor and Company had been made as aforesaid,

such Person shall not be arrested,on such Process, but Proceedings shall be had against such Person in the

same Manner as if no Affidavit had been made for the Purpose of holding such Person to SpeciaLBail under

the Provisions of the said Act of his said late Majesty King George the First; and all Provisions in such ASty.

or in any other Act of Parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall be applied to the

Provisions in this Act contained, so far as the same are capable of being so applied: Provided always, that if

Affidavit shall be made upon which any Person or Persons might have been held to Special Bail upon any*

such Process as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, and it shall be likewise sworn in such Affidavit that

such

