A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 60—62. 113

ps by the (hid Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or

Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the several Matters and Things respectively for or in respect

whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, is directed or prescribed ; and that all the Provisions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned in and contained in the said Acts re-

spectively, (except as aforesaid,) shall be, and the lame are hereby continued, and made perpetual; and the

fame shall be pra£tiled, and put in Execution, as well for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fe-

curing, or paying, the said several and respective Duties by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforeiiiid,

as by this Act imposed ; and for the making any Repayment, Allowance, or Abatement, in Manner in the

said AS directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly re-

peated and enacted in thi$ Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by ftutifi

this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), shall, from

Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at IV•flminster ; and the said Monies ca^rie^dtp^”

fa paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated

Consolidated Fund. J # Fund;

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies and to be

arising, or toarife, by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the deemed an Act.

Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created Revenue

or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Afls passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that defraying the

the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Ma- encreaicd

jesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues ; and Charge occa-

that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period f,0fied bx any

of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid

into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in

this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered fepa-

rate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any

Account whatever. ,

CAP. LX.

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of

Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.—[5th May 1795.J

BUh CAP. LXL

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting 0/ the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint

Botolph Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London; for providing a Workhouse for the Recep-

tien of the Poor of the said Parish; and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation, of the said

Poor therein.—[5th May 1795.]

CAP. LXII,

An Act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters,

contained in the Mails made up at the General Post Office in London, for the United

Provinces, on the Thirteenth, Sixteenth and Twentieth Days of January one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five, and now remaining in the said General Post

Office.—[19th May 1795 ]

V^HERL AS certain Mails of Letters, which were made up at the General Post Office in London on

▼ ▼ the thirteenth, sixteenth, and twentieth Days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, and were intended to be sent from the said General Post Office unto the United Provinces have been

detained by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries af

State, and the said Mails of Letters are now remaining in the said General Post Office: And whereas

many of the Persons by whom the said Letters were written, fjgned, or sent, have applied to his Majesty’s

Postmaster General to have the fame returned to them, and Doubts being entertained whether his Ma-

iefty's Postmaster General is authorized by Law to return the fameBe it therefore enacted by the Kine’s

Aloft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, if any Person or

Persons by whom or from whom any Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively were written

or signed, or sent to the Post Oflice, should be deflrous to have the fame returned, upon Application in

Wri: nvg, being made to his Majesty’s Postmaster General at any Time within three Calendar Months after

the passing of this Act, for the Return cf any such Letter or Letters, by the Person or Persons who wrote c r

signed or sent the said Letters respectively to the Post Office, or any orher Person or Persons duly authorzed

for that Purpose by the Person or Persons who wrote, fig;*d, or sent the fame respectively, eac h written \p.

piica’ion being made at the General Post Office in London, and being signed by the Persons respectively

making the same, and containing respectively cither Duplicates of the respective Letters applied for,or Conics

ot to r<fpcchvc D1 redeems thereof, such Copies of the Directions to be in the fame Hand Writing as the

ye Directions of which they purport to be Copies, and each written Application also fating forth i\vj

35 (jeo. IU, . 0. 0 N

Pre?mble,

reciting that

Mails intended

to he sent to the

United P10-

vinces have

been detained.

PoAmaAer

General may

open and return

Letter* in fud|

Ma*h»

