834 c- 72> 73*

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

36 Geo. 3. c.S6.

Persons making

Vessels for

packing Butter,

fha!l brand them

with theii Naaie

and Place of

Abode.

Penalty for

Default, 10s.

Penalty on

Fadors for

buying or fell-

ing, See Bauer

in Vessels not

legally marked,

*oa.

Penalty on

Dealers having

in their Poss f.

lien Butter in

Vessels not le-

gally marked,

MS.

Penalties to be

recovered and

applied as they

may he under

recited Act, Ac.

Commence-

ment of Act,

Sept 1, I79&*

Act not to ex-

tend to Scot-

land*

‘CAP. LXXir.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons aftingas such, in the West India '

I (lands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and'Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms.— [21ft June 1798.] . r- ^ TCHM

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-fixrh Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds

in the Packings Weighty and Sale of Butter 3 and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.

1 £*ift June 1798.]

WHEREAS, to prevent Abuses and Frauds in die Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, various

Provisions were made by a Statute passed in the thirty-rtxth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, and intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packingr Weight, and Sale of Butter \ and

1 to repeal certain Atls relating thereto: And whereas the said Act is very much avoided determined by concealing the

1 Places of Abode of the Coopers making Vessels for Butter, and of the Dairymen or other Packers of But-

ter for Sale, and by the Want of some Provirtpn to make the haftors or Agents for buying and selling

‘ Butter, and all'o the Cheesemongers and other Persons felling Butter on their own Account, responftbie

c for transacting the Sale of Butter in Vessels not made as the said Act requires be it therefore enacted by

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every

Cooper or other Person making a Vessel for the packing of Butter, being a Veil'd within the Regulations

of the Act hereinbefore recited, before his or her suffering any such Vessel to go out of his or her Polleflion,

shall, on the Bottom of such Vessel, on the Outside, with an Iron, in Addition to his or‘her Christian

Name and Surname as the said Act requires, brand the Name of his or her Place of Abode or Dwelling,

in permanent and legible Letters, in Manner following; (videlicet,) If he or she shall dwell in a City or

Market Town, or within the County of such City or the Parish of such Market Town, then the Name

of such City or Market Town; and if he or she shall dwell in a Village, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or

other Subdwifion of any Parish, then the Name of the Parish wherein such Village, Township, Liberty*

Hamlet, or other Subdiviflon shall be so situate; and if he or she shall dwell in an extra-parochial Place,

then the Name of the next adjoining Parish to which such extra-parochial Place shall be situate; or in De-

fault of branding such his or her Place of Abode in Manner before directed, he or she, for every such

Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings. ilVH

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Factor or Agent for buying or selling Butler fur others,

who shall buy or fell, or offer for Sale, or shall, for the Purpose of Sale, have in his orherCustody,

Power* or Possession, any Vessel containing Butter, or shall order, consign, forward, or fend, or shall cause

tobe ordered, consigned, forwarded, or sent, any Vessel containing Butter for Sale, to any Person or Per-

fons whomsoever, which Vessel containing such Butter shall not be made and externally marked, and have

the Butter therein imprinted according to the Directions of this Act, and of the Act hereinbefore recited,

shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay tneSum of twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Cheesemonger, or otherwise a Seller or Dealer

in Butter on his or her own Account, who shall offer for Sale, or shall, for the Purpose of Sale, have in his

or her Curtody, Power, or Possession, any Vessel containing such Butter* which Vessel containing such

Butter shall not be externally marked according to the Directions of this Act, and of the Act hereinbefore

recited, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings*

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this- Act* shall be respect-

ively sued for, levied, raised, and applied, in such Manner and Form, and with, oy, under, and subject to

the fame Methods, Limitations, and Provisions, as are prescribed in the Act hereinbefore recited concerning

the refoeftive Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed; and all Persons who shall be sued or proceeded

against for any Thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Act, shall be within Benefit of the

fame Provision as is contained in the Act hereinbefore recited in respect to Persons acting under the

fame*

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and begin to be in Force on the first Day

of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. . ^ fSOSHfr

V I. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That nothing contained in this Act (haM extend to that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP.

