A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 89*

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to the Manufacture of Kelp, Barilla, or Flux for Glass, made in any Part of Great Britain by the

Incineration of Marine or any other Plants.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being a Maker or Refiner of Salt, or

Rock Salt, or Proprietor of, or in anywise interested or concerned in any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery,

or Salt Work, shall, during such Time as he shall be a Maker or Refiner of Salt, or Rock Salt, or be so

interested or concerned in making Salt, or a Proprietor of, or in anywise interested or concerned in any

Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery, or Salt Work, act as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing

whatsoever, which shall anywise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by

this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to Salt j and if

any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, prefurne to exercise any

such Powers or Authorities, or to do any A St authorized by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, to be

done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts so executed or done by such Person shall be null

and void to all Intents and Purposes.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by this Act it shall or may be necessary to

ascertain or settle the Value of any Salt, or Rock Salt, such Value shall be deemed and taken to be accord-

ing to the belt and highest Price at which Salt, or Rock Salt, (as the Cafe may requireJ shall fell for in

London. .:

CXXX. And be it further envied, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully

taking a false Oath in any of the Cafes in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable

to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge,

or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate or Debenture, in any Cafe in which a Certificate or

Debenture is by this Act required tobeuled, given, or granted, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his

just Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Fe-

lony, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of seven

Years, in such Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year

of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At1 to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes, and

to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall re-

turn into Great Britain before the Expiration of the said seven Years, he, she, or they so returning shall

suffer as a Felon or Felons, and have Execution awarded against him, her, or them, as Persons attainted of

Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give

any false or untrue Permit, in any Cafe in which a Permit is by this Act required to be used, or

franted, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue Permit with any

Lock Salt, removed or to be removed as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently

ei

erase any such Permit after the fame shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Excise, or if

any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Permit so counterfeited,

forged, false, untrue, altered, orerafed as aforesaid, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and

every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXXIIl. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall resist, oppose, mo-

left, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of this or

any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, re-

lating to Salt, or Rock Salt, or of any of the Powers or Authorities by any such Act or Acts of Parliament

iven or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or

Officers shall have seized any Salt, or Rock Salt, forfeited by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or any

8

R<

7

refeue or cause to be refeued any such Salt, or Rock Salt, Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or

Carriage, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for

«ach and every such Offence, for which no Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, severally forfeit the

Sum of two hundred Pounds. ^ ISBEl

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or offer to

give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise,

to connive at or to permit any Salt, or Rock Salt, to be run on Shore, or to connive at any false or short

Entry of any Salt, or Rock Salt, or shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward what-

9 , i__________. r__________ -l__________ r

ccution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or there-

after to be made, relating to Salt, or Rock Salt, or either of them, or to neglect to do or perform any Act

or Acte* Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer

901

Act net to ex-

tend to KeJp,

&c. made from

Plants.

No Person con-

cerned in any

Sale Mine, Salt

Refinery, or

Salt Works, to

act as a Justice

in any Matter

relating to Salt.

The Value of

Salt or Rock

Salt to be taker*

at the belt Price

at London.

Persons taking

false Oaths to

be liable to the

Penalties for

corrupt Perjury.

Persons forging

Certificates or

Debentures to

be transported

for seven Years,

as under

24 Geo. 3. ft. 2;

c. 56. and if they

return, to suffer

as Felons with-

out Benefit of

Clergy.

Penalty of 50CI.

for giving or rp«

ceiving false

Permits, &c.

Penalty of 200!

for obft rutting

Officers of the

Customs or Ex-

cife, or for ref-

cuing Seizures.

Penalty of 500I.

for bribing or

attempting ro

bribe Officers of

the Customs or

Excise.

