702

• i ' w • i • 4 i. . ♦ f 9 ^ I

C. 16. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georg ii III. A.D. 1798.

I

A

Iftimatcsof Income and Dtcta-

rations to he made in the Form

in the annexed Schedule $ but

where not applicable, accord-

ing to the Knowledge and Be-

lief of ^hc Party.

* J,II.

Persons at the End of any

Year proving that their In-

comes fell ihort of the Sums

mentioned in their Declarations,

to receive from the Rcciiver

General, the Over-payment on

the Assessment, on Certificate of

If the Income of any Person be

diminished after the Time for

hearing Appeals, he or his

Weirs, Executors* Sec. may ap-

peal on giving ten Days pre-

vious Notice; which ftiali be

heard before the Time appointed

for Payment of the next In-

ftalment of the additional Duty ;

and the Assessment may be

amended, Ac,

Appellants on the Ground of

Overpayment, or Diminution of

Income, to make Declaration in

che Form in the annexed Sche-

dule.

•$71. t$7*-

Additional Duties to be paid by

fix lnfialments every Year ;

within ten Days alter the fe-

veral Times apj>ointed j the first

being April 5, 1798.

appointed for paying the first Indalment thereon, for which Purpose the said respective Commissioners

for executing this Act, shall, within the Time before mentioned, appoint a Day or Days of Appeal,

unless the Day of Appeal from Aflellments of the Duties now payable on Houses, Windows, or

Lights, or on Inhabited Houses, shall intervene, on which Days reflectively the said respective Com-

miilionera for executing this ACt are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals.

LXX. And, in order that the Edimates of the Annual Income of Persons afiefled may be made ac-

cording to known Rules, and with as much Uniformity as the respective Cafes will admit, be it

further enacted. That in every Cafe where any Person shall claim to be exempted from the additional

Rate or Duty hereby imposed, or to be entitled to any Abatement thereof, according to the Amount

of his or her Annual Income, the said Income shall be edimated, and the Declaration hereby required

shall be made in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed*, and according to the Rules

and Directions prescribed, as far as the fame respectively ate applicable to the Income of such Ap-

pellant ; and in all Cafes where the fame are not applicable, then according to the bed of his or her

Knowledge and Belief, or of the Person making such Declaration on his or her Behalf.

LXXI. Provided always, and be ii further enaCted, That if, at the End of any Year during the

Ternvherein mentioned, any Person shall discover, and shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

missioners for executing this AC!, or the A Aidant Commissioners aCting for the Parish or Place where

such Person shall be afiefled, that his or her Income during such Year fell short of the Sum mentioned

in his or her Declaration by a dated Sum, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this

ACt, or the major Part of them, on Proof before them or on the Certificate of the said Assistant

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the lad Assessment of inch Person, made undrr

the Authority of this ACt, to be amended as the Cafe shall require, and to certify to the Receiver

General of the same County or Place, under their Hands and Seals, the Amount of the Sums over-

paid on such Afledinent; and the said Receiver General shall, on Receipt of such Certificate, and on

Production of- a Duplicate thereof, signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners aCting for

the said Division, pay to the Person entitled to the fame such Sum as it shall appear has been

overpaid on such Assessment out of any Monies in his Hands of the Duties granted by this Act; for

which Paymentthe Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be a diffident Authority, and thefatne,

on Proof thereof, shall be allowed in his Accounts.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, That if the Income of any Person charged to any

of the Additional Rates or Duties by this ACt imposed, shall be diminished from any speciftc Cause

arising after the Time allowed for hearing Appeals in any Year during the Term herein mentioned,

whereby the Person so charged may become entitled to any Exemption from or Abatement of the

said Additional Rates or Duties, it shall be lawful for such Person, or the Heirs, Executors, or

Administrators of such Person, to appeal from the Assessment made by virtue of this ACt, whether

such Person shall have made any previous Appeal or not, giving Notice in Writing of such Appeal

to the Assistant Commissioners, or the Commissioners for executing this AC!, and aCting for the Parish

or Place where the Assessment shall be made, ten Days at lead before the said Commissioners respec-

tively (Hall be required to hear such Appeal; and the said respective Commissioners shall be

obliged to hear and determine such Appeal before the Time appointed for Payment of the

next JnAalment of the said Additional Rates and Duties which shall happen after the Expir-

ation of the said ten Days; and if such Person, the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such

Person, shall, upon such Appeal, prove to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners that

such Income is dimimihed from any such specific Cause arising as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the

said Commissioners for executing this AC!, or any two or more of them, on Proof before them, or

on the Certificate of the said Assistant Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause the

Assessment of such Person, made under the Authority of this AC!, to be amended as the Cafe shall

require; and that in every such Cafe where such Amendment shall take place, a Certificate and

Duplicates thereof shall be made out and signed by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of

them, in order that the Person so charged, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, may have the

Relief intended to be given by this AC! ; and all Payments to be made subsequent to such Amendment

shall be regulate d according to such amended Assessment, during the then Remainder of the Year in

which (ueb Amendment shall have been made.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That jn every Cafe where an Appeal shall be made, in order

to obtain a Return of the said additional Rates or Duties on the Ground of Overpayment, in the

Manner before directed*, or in order to obtain an Exemption from or Abatement of the said Act-

ditional Rates or Duties on the Ground of any Diminution of Income from any specific Cause arising

after the Time for hearing Appeals in any Year as aforesaidf, the Appellant shall be obliged to make

a Declaration in the Form let .forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to verify the fame on

Oath or solemn Affirmation, as in other Cafes of Appeal authorized by this ACt.

LXXIV. And be it further enaCted, That the respective additional Rates and Duties imposed by

this ACt, (hbll be payable at the Times and in the Proportions following ; that is to say. In fix In-

Aalments, videlicet, on the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of jfune^ the fifth Day of AugujU the

fifth Day of October, the fifth Day of December, and the fifth Day of February, in every Year; and that

the Payments shall be made w ithin ten Days from the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of June, the

fifth Day of August, the fifth Day of October, the fifth Day of December, and the fifth Day of Ft.bruar^

