148

0. 81.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 179,5.

Relief to ths

Families of Mi-

litia Men to he

borne by the

County at large,

or the respect-

ive Places, not

contributing to

the County

Rate, for which

and to Families

ofNon-commis-

fioned Officers,

&c. to be appor-

tioned according

to the Numbers

of Men to be

raised by the

County, and such

CAP. LXXXI. ' :

An Act to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in force directed to be

. given to the Families of Non commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates,

serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein

not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Numhcr of Men serving for

each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of

Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia.

\ , [226 May 1795O

4 WHEREAS, in and by several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Militia in that Part of Great

4 VV Britain called England, Provision is made for the Relief of the Families of Militia Men chosen by

4 Lot, and of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, serving in the Militia, in the Cafes in the said

4 Acts mentioned: And whereas there are within this Kingdom divers Cities, Boroughs, T owns, and

4 Places, being Counties of themselves, and other Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, which are entirely

4 independent of the Rate called "The County Rate, raised and addled in and for the County at large, of

4 which such City, Borough, T own, and Place, is and are respectively deemed within and made Part, for the

4 Purposes of the Militia Laws: And whereas such Counties at large, and such Cities, Boroughs, Towns,

and Places, ought respectively to contribute to such Relief of the Families of such Militia Men chosen by

4 Lot, according to the Locality of the Parish for which such Militia Man shall serve, and of such Serjeants,

4 Corporals, Drurqmers, and Fifers, under the said Acts, proportionably, according to the Number of Men

4 respectively raised in each of them ; and no Provision is made in the said Acts for that Purpose :* Therefore

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That in all Cafes where in and by the said Acts now in force, or any of them, a certain Number of

Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with or including any City, Boiough, Town,

or Place, being a County or Distrlft of itself, not contributing to the said General County Rate, the

several Sums of Money already raised and paid, or hereafter to be raised and paid, under the said Acts of

Parliament, to and for the Relief of the Families of such Militia Men chosen by Lot, shall be paid and borne,

out of the said several Rates, by the Treasurer of the County at large, or such City, Borough, Town, or

Place respectively, for which the said Militia Man whose Family may want Relief shall serve.

the Men serve;

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money raised and paid under the said Acts to and

for the Relief of the Families of such Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers respectively, shall be

divided and apportioned between and borne by such County, and such City, Borough, Town, or Place,

being a County or District of itself, or not contributing to the said General County Rate, in such Propor-

tiens as the respective Numbers of Militia Men apportioned to be raised in and by such County, and by such

City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively bear to such other.

Places.

Treassurers to

demand and pay

Proportions ac-

cording to 33

Cco. IIL Cap.8.

utes to be

:dby the

nty Lieute-

, or three'

uty Lieute-

In Places not

contributing to

the County

Rate, where no

Treasurer is ap-

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of such County and such City, Borough, Town, and

Place respectively, are hereby authorized and required to demand, receive, and make. Payment of such Pro*

portions and Sums of Money of the Treasurej of such other County, City, Borough, Town, and Place

respectively, the one to the other of them, as the Cafe may require, in like .Manner as in and by a certain

Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes

serving therein ; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-six th Tear of his present

Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

44 Militia in that Part of Get at Britain called England,” is directed and required, in case of Payment to the

Families of Militia Men chosen by Lot, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, serving in the Militia

of any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, other than the County, Riding, City*

Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, where such Family shall dwell.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dispute or Disagreement shall arifc

as to the Proportion so to be paid as aforesaid, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the

Payments under the said Acts, or this Act, the Lord Lieutenant of the said County at large, and in his

Absence the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at any Meeting called or to be called

under the Militia Laws, or any of them, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and

required to adjust and settle the fame, whose Decision therein shall be final; and the said Lord Lieutenant

and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, is and arc respectively hereby authorized and

empowered to call for, require, and inspect, the Account and Accounts of every such Treasurer and Trea-

furers respectively, for the Purpose of adjusting and settling the said Proportion. . T

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat in all Cities, Towns, Liberties, Division?,

and Places, which do not contribute to the Lid General County Rates, and where no Treasurer is yet

appointed, the Justices of the Peace for every such City, Town, Liberty, Division, and Place, in case

there are any, and if not, then the Justices of the County wherein such City, Town, Liberty, Division,

•V -

