\

A

tricesimo sept

ii nr.

C. 98.

591

c a p. xcviir.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King Gecrgt the Second, intituled, An AR for tkc due making

of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adul-

terate Mealy Flour, or Bread, lo far as the lame relates to the Assize and making of

Bread to be loid in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the

Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

UE1 J^v [4th July 1797.3

TT THERE AS several of the Provisions and Regulations in the Statute made in the thirty-first Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due waking of

Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof,\ and to punish Perfom who fall adulterate Meal, Flour,

or Breads have been found defective; and it is expedient that other Provisions and Regulations should

be made, and further Powers granted, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, so far as

the fame relate to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties

thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange Be it

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Tame, That each and every Corn Meter of the City of London, who is or hereafter shall be employed in

working, or measuring and delivering out Wheat, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly

Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required weekly, before

the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon of every Monday, to enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book to

be for that Purpose provided by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and kept

at the Corn Meter’s Office of the said City, according to the Form hereinafter contained in that Behalf,

a true and particular Account, in Writing, of all the Wheat worked and delivered by each and every such

Corn Meter, in the Course of the preceding Week, from Ships or Vessels in the River Thames, or out

of Warehouses or other Places within the said City, or Liberties thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mor-

tality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to the respective Buyers of such Wheat, or their re-

spective Servants or Agents, specifying from what Vessels, Warehouses, or other Places, the Wheat shall be

worked, the Names and Additions of the respective Sellers and Buyers thereof, the respective Quantities,

the Corn Meter’s own Name, and the Names of the respective Lightermen or other Persons to whom

the Wheat shall be delivered ; and that the said Returns or Accounts, so to be entered in the said Book as

before-mentioned, shall be entered, made, and kept in the following Form, or to the like EfFeft; (that is to

say,) . .t

Corn Meter’s Office London, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

ENTRY of the several Quantities of Whkat worked by the Sworn Corn Meters of the City of London

in fix Days; that is to lay, from Monday to Saturday both

inclusive*

Recital of Act

31 Geo. a. c. *9.

Com Meters to

enter in a Book

er’s Office every

Monday, Ac-

counts of the

Wheat worked

and delivered

by them respec-

tively in the

preceding

Week.

Form of Corn

Meter’s Entries,


