A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C. 5

4 63

QmgU;

and if not paid,

tnc Justices to

afliH the

Parishes for De-

ficiencies.

Bounties to be

pa d by the He-

ritors, who may

raise the Amount

on the Panlhcs,

and in case the said Number of Days shall elapse without the Quota of Men apportioned upon the i'arish Heritors to pay

being produced, delivered oyer, and passed, then the Heritors of such Parish shall be liable, in the first - JL* nt

Instance, to pay unto the Collector of the Cess for the County or Stewartry within which the Parish is

situated, a Sum of Money equal to twenty-five Pounds Sterling for each Man of the Quota required from

the Parish deficient, such Deficiency being certified under the Hand of the Regulating Officer of the Dtf-

tridt, and Copies of his Certificate delivered to the Minister of the Parish, and to the Clerk of the Peace

for the Shire or Stewartry in which the Parish is situated; and in case the said Heritors shall fail to make

such Payment within the lime above-mentioned, then the Justices of the Peace of the County or Stewartry

shall immediately assess the Parish in the Sum due for its Deficiency at the Rate aforesaid, according to the

valued Relit of the Parish, ascertained by them in Manner aforesaid, and shall order the Collector tf the

Land l ax for such County or Stewartry, and he is hereby authorized and required, without Lois of Time,

to recover the fame from the Heritors of such Parish, in the same Manner, and by the fame Means, as he

is empowered by Law to recover and render the Land Tax effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Bounty Monies to Men procured by the Heritors of the several Parishes,

shall, in the first Place, be provided and paid by the said Heritors, and an Account kept thereof; and at

the Elapse of the Time before-mentioned, when the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for each Man then

deficient is appointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray the Expence of the Bounties

to be given to the said Men, it shall be lawful to the Heritors in the said Panfhes, or such of them as nave

advanced the Bounty Monies, or to any Person authorized by them, to raise a Sum equal to the Whole of

the Money so advanced and paid by them upon the Parish agreeably to the Act of the Parliament of Scotland^

which was passed in the Reign of Charles the Second, in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty-three,

Chapter Sixteen, and the Proclamations of the Privy Council of Scotland in the Reign of King If^tlham,

ratified by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the fame Reign, first September one

thousand six hundred and ninety-etgnt. Chapter twenty-first.

VI. And be it enacted, That in the Cafe aforesaid of the Number of Men allotted to any Parish not

being raised, and delivered over as above directed, within the Time before limited, and the Sum of twenty-

five Pounds for each deficient Man being raised from the Heritors as before directed, then the Heritors

paving shall be, and they are hereby authorized to assess the Tenants, Inhabitants, and Pofjessors, of such

rarish, in a Moiety of the Sum so paid, to be levied in the same Manner as they are empowered to do by

the aforesaid Acts of the Parliament of Scotland.

VII. And be it enacted, 7'hat in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay his, her, or their

Proportion of the Sum or Sums so aifeffed or imposed, within the Time appointed for Payment thereof,

the fame shall, upon a Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the Shire or Stewartry, or his Substi-

tute, by the Procurator Fifcal of the County or Stewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by Distress

and Sale of the Eftedts of the Person or Persons refilling or delaying foto pay.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where there is not sufficient Evidence of the valued Relit of

Lands, the Apportionments and Assessments hereby directed shall be made according to the customary

Payment of the Cess or Land l ax, or in such other Way as to the Justices of the Peace of each Shire or

Stewartry, assembled as aforesaid, shall seem best; and in case there be no acting Justice of the Peace

within any District, the Duty and Powers by this Act made incumbent on or given to the Justices, shall

be performed and exercised by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such District, and the Duties of the

Clerk of the Peace by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk, or his Deputies.

Heritors paying

for deficient

Men may assess

Inhabitants in a

Moiety of the

Sum.

Aflfc Aments may

be recovered by

Distress.

Where there Is

no Evidence of

the Relit of

Lands, Assess-

ments to he

made according

to the Land Tax;

and where no Justices aft, Sheriff Depute to act, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, T hat it shall be lawful for the said Justices at their said Meetings to add

Men allotted for the fame, and to raise the Money necessary; and all the other Proceedings directed by

this Act shall take place in like Manner as if the Parishes so joined did originally or by Law form but one

Parish; and the Justices shall, in the Cafe of such Jundlion, direct where the Heritors of the Parishes joined

shall meet; and the said Heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the Place so appointed accord-

ingly, by themselves or their Agents.

X. And be it further enacted, T hat where any Parish lies in two or more Counties or Stcwartrics, the

Charge imposed on such Parish for raising Men for his Majesty’s Service by this Act, shall be in the Shire

or Stewartry where the Church belonging to such Parish is situated, and the Whole of such Parish shall,

for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of the said Shire or Stewartry; and all the Money to be levied

for or in respect of such Parish, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to and recovered by the Officers of

the fame. I r

Justices may

add together

two or more

Parishes for

raising

ca

XI. And be it enacted, That in case any Regulating Officer shall fail to make his Certificate, and to

use Copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before directed, he shall, for every such Failuie, be liable

in the Pen

Procurator

ilty of thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings, to be recovered by summary Complaint made by the

Fifcal of the County or Stewartry to ihe Sheriff or Stewart Depute; and in case the Procurator

Fifcal shall fa I 111 his Duty in any of the Articles before mentioned, then he shall be liable in a Penalty of

ings for each Failure, to be recovered by a summary Complaint to the Sheriff or

The Charge for

raising Men in

a Parish lying in

two Counties to

be made in that

where the

Church is situate.

Penalty on Re-

gulating Officer

or Procurator

Fifcal for Nc-

glcdfc.

thirty-one Pounds ten Shillings

Stewart

