A.D. 1796.

Anno tricesimo sexto G eorgii III.

C. 8.

257.

berating upon any Grievance in Church or Sute, unLfs Notice of the Intention to hold such Meeting, and,

of the Time and Place when and where the lame shall be proposed to be holden, and of the Purpose for which

the lame shall be propoled to be holden, shall be given, in the Names of seven Persons at the least, being

Householders resident within the County, City, or Place where such Meeting {hall be proposed to be holden,

whose Places of Abode and Descriptions shall be inserted in such Notice, and whrch Nutice shall be given by

public Advertisement in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County and Division where such

Meeting shall beholden five Days at the least before such Meeting shall be holden, or shall be delivered in

Manner hereinafter mentioned; and that such Notice shall not be inserted in any such Newspaper unless

the Authority to insert such Notice shall be signed by seven Persons at the krall, being Houleholders resident

within the County, City, or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, and named in such

Notice, and unless such Authority, so signed, shall be written at the Foot of a true Copy of such Notice, and

shall be delivered to the Person required to insert the fame in any such Newspaper as aforesaid; which Pei (on

shall cauie such Notice and Authority to be carefully preserved, and shall also, at any Time after such No-

tice shall have been inserted in such Paper, and within fourteen Days after the Day on which Inch Meeting

shall be had, produce such Notice and Authority, and cau'e a true Copy thereof (if required) to be delivered

to any Juffce of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where such Person shall reiide, or where

such Newspaper (lull be printed, and who shall lequire the fame; and in case any Person shall insert.any such

Notice in any Newspaper, without such Authority as aforesaid, or in case any Person to whom any such

Notice and Authority shall have been delivered for the Purpose of inserting such Notice in any such Newspa-

per as aforesaid, shall refute to produce such Notice and Authority, or to deliver a true Copy thereof, being

thereunto required as aforesaid, withm three Days after such Production and Copy, or either of them, shall

have been so required, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to

any Person who Hiall sue for the same.

II. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid? That it shall be

lawful todeliver any such Notice as aforesaid, (igneJ by the (even Persons in whose Names such Notice shall

be given, with their Places of Abode, and Descriptions, five Days at the lead before the Day on which such

Meeting shall beholden, to the Cleric of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, within which such

Meeting shall be propoled to be holden; and such Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith, and without Delay,

fend a true Copy of such Notice, with such Signatures and Additions as aforesaid, to three Justices of the

Peace at the lead, of such County, Riding, or Division, then resident within such County, Riding, or Divi-

fion; or in case the Justices of the Peace of the City, Borough, or Town, where such Meeting shall be pro-

pofrd to be holden, shall have exclusive Jurisdiction, then to three of such Justices, if so many shall then be

resident within such Jurisdiction, and if not, then to so many of such Justices as shall be resident within such

exclusive Jurisdiction; and in such Cale, such Notice so given by such Means as aforesaid, shall be as effec-

tual, toall Intents and Purpotes, as if the fame had been given by public Advertisement, indited in any such

Newspaper as aforesaid. v 4

Hi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Meetings, of any Description of Per-

fons, exceeding the Number of fifty Persons, (other thaw and except as aforesaid,) which shall be holden with-

out such previous Notice as aforesaid, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of considering of or preparing any

Petition, Com plaint, Remonllrance, Declaration, or other Address to the King, or both Houses, or either

House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpose or on the

Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful Af-

ferr.b'ies.. \ ^ i . -

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons, exceeding the Number of fifty,

being assembled contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, and being required or commanded by

any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or by the Sheriff of the County or his Under fillet iff, or by

- - » ii . t / \ sT* _ T n *_ #* _ 1 r /“'i ’ t r 1

1

I

l

jp w « ! W a

Notice rot to be

inferred, unless

the Authority to

do so he written

at the Foot

thereof.

Notice and

Authority to he

preserved, and

produced to a

justice if

required.

0

Penalty of 501.

for inserting

No.ice without

such Authority,

&c.

Notice may be

given to the

Clerk of the

Peace, who shall

forthwith fend

a Copy to the

Justices;

Such Notice t#

be cffcttual.

1

Meetings with-

out Notice to be

deemed unlaw-.

ful Aftcinblics.

1 1

the Mayor or other Head Officer or Justice of the Peace of any City or Town Corporate, where fyph All

fcmbly shall be, by Proclamation to be made in the King’s Name, in the Form hereinafter directed, to

perfe themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business, shall, to the Num-

ber of twelve, or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space

of one Hour after such Command or Requcff made by Proclamation, that then such continuing together to

the Number of twelve or more, after such Command or Request made by Proclamation, shall be adjudged

Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felon9, and shall suffer Death,

as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation

to be made as aforesaid shall be as hereafter followeth; (that is to say,) the Justice of the Peace, or other Per-

son authorized by this Act to make the said Proclamation, shall, among the said Persons aftembled, or as near

to them as he can fcfcly come, with a loud Voice command, or cause to be commanded. Silence to be while

Proclamation is making, and after that shall openly and with loud Voice make, or cause to be made, Pro-

clamation in these Worus, or like in Effe<d:

QUR Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons being assembled immediately to

1 disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or to their lawful Business, upon the

1 Pains contained in the Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of King George the Third, for the more ejUc-

1 iuary preventing Seditious Meetings and /fife mb lies. GOD lave the KING.*

y* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Meeting shall be holden, in

puriuanceot any such Notice as aforesaid, and the Purpose for which the fame shall in such Notice havebten

toured to be holctn, or any Matter which shall be in such Notice proposed to be propounded or dclibe-

BHR ' LI 2 u.

If 12 or more

Persons aftem-

bkd contrary to

this Act, shall

continue toge-

ther one Hcv&

after being re-

quired by ajuf-

t;ce,&c tf/iCS

perfe, they shall

suffer Dcith.

Proclamation

to l.c made iu

the following

$ 0

A

Form.

If in Meetings

holden purfuaHt

to Notice, unjL

Matter fhull he

