2/2

Additional

Duties.

Duties to be

under the Ma-

li agon lent of the

Coromi/Ti oners

for Taxes, Sec.

Duties to be

ascertaintd as

former Duties

on Horses, and

the A6s relating

to them, to ex-

tend to this A&.

24 Geo. III.

Csp- 31.29ceo.

111. Cap. 49.

and this Alt,

net to extend *.o

charge any Non-

contiruflioned

Officers and

Privates of

Yeoman Caval-

ry, for keeping

one Hoise, (tc.

C. 16.

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georg 11 III.

A.D. 1795.

«

w

That every Person who shall keep and use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose cf riding, or

for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or any other Carriage,

by whatever Name such Carriage is now or hereafter may be called or known, (for or in respect whereof

any Rate or Duty heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of the Excise, and now transfer-

red to and under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes is payable,) shall be charged

with the further additional Annual Duty of ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding:

That every Person who shall keep two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of

riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other

such Carriage as a fore said, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall

be charged with a further additional annual Duty of five Shillings for one of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings:

'That every Person who shall keep and ufc three, four, or five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more,

for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash,

Chaise, or any other such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may

be called of known, shall be charged with a further additional Duty of seven Shillings and six Pence for eaclv

such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one:

That every Person who shall keep and use fix or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for the Purpose of

riding, or for the Pujpofe of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other

such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known,

shall be charged with a further additional Annual Duty of ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Geld-

ing, exceeding the Number of one.

II. And be it further enacted. That, for the better aflefSng, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-

mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be here-

after authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses

and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed unJer the Management of the

Commilimners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with rela-

tien to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers herein contained, in all and singular the Counties, Shires,

Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Po^ts, Towns, and Places respectively, within

the Kingdom of'Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectprs, Alleflors, and Collectors, re-

fpcvSlively appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Sur-

veyors, InfpcClors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act according to the respec-

tive Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them ; and the said Cotmnif-

sioners and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to aCt in the Execution of the said several Acts

before mentioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby

respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with rela-

tien to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and 3mple a Manner, as they

or any of them are or is authorized to put in Execution the said former ACts relative to the said Rates and

Duties, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

III. And be it fui ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates or Dufies before men-

tioned, shall and may be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and ac-

counted for, at such Times and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such

general Rules, Methods, and Directions, and subject to such Provisoes and Exemptions by which the former

Rates and Duties on Horses were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over,

and accounted for j and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any ACt or ACts of Parliament relative to the said former Rates

and Duties on Horses, or any of them, now in Force, for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and account-

ing for, the said Rates and Duties by any former ACis granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the Rates

or Duties by this ACt imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this ACt, shall be in fall

Force, and duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for

surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the several Rates and Duties by this ACt granted, as

fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Pe-

nalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body

of. this present ACt. * .V i g jBg jH

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That nothing in the Acts of the twenty-fourth and

twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Horses, Marcs, and Geldings, kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any

Carriage therein mentioned, or in this AC!, or any of them, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

charge with the Duties by the said several ACts, or any of them, imposed, any Non-commissioned Officer or

effective Private Man, iervir.g in any Regiment, Corps, or "Troop, of Yeomanry Cavalry, raised by virtue-

or Gekiing, kept and used by them reflectively for the Purposes aforesaid, or either of them ; but that every

such Non-commissioned Officer and effective Private Man respectively, keeping one such Horse, Mare, or

Gelding only, shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties during his Continuance in the said Service; and

that every such Non commidioned Officer and Private Man respectively, keeping more than one such Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, shall, during his Continuance in such Service, be assessed and charged according to the

Rates in the said several Acts and this Act prescribed, for one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, less than the N am-

i ber

