718

I - i

C. 21,22,23. ving Annoying tricesimo odlavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Saint Vincent, and the

two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Considera-

tien of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His

Majesty and the Public.—[9th March 1798.] ] • v<

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

c T T WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has

4 W been pleated to declare, That your Majesty having taken into your Royal Consideration the

4 eminent and signal Service performed by John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, one of the Admirals of the

4 Blue, off Cape Saint Vincent, on the Coast of Portugal\ in an Engagement in the Month of February

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with a Spanish Fleet, under the Command of Don Jojif

4 de Cordova, not only highly honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to your Majesty’s Kingdoms ;

4 your Majesty was desirous to bestow some considerable and lasting Maik of your Royal Favour, as a

4 Testimony of your Majesty’s Approbation of the said Service ; and for this Purpose to give and grant

4 unto the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, and to the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of

4 the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent {hall defeend, for and

4 during their Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand Pounds per yinnum ; but your Majesty, not having

4 it in your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond

4 the Term of your Majesty’s own Life, recommended it to your faithful Commons, to consider of a

4 proper Method of enabling your Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling, such

4 Annuity to the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, and to the two next Persons on whom the Title of

4 Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of

4 the said John Jervis Earl Saint Vincent, and his Family : We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal

4 Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty’s

4 most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it

enacted, &c.

44 A Life Annuity of 2000/. per Annum, charged on the Consolidated Fund, settled on Earl Saint Vin-

44 cent, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of his Body on whom the Title {hall defeend, to commence

44 from February 14, 1797; the first Payment to be computed from thence till Abril 1798, and from

44 thence to be paid quarterly, on July 5, October 10, January 5, and April 5. The Annuity to be paid

44 at the Exchequer, without Fees. The Warrant for Payment of the Annuity not to be determinable

44 upon the Demise of his Majesty, iff c. Commissioners of the Treasury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, fJjc.

44 are to do all Things necessary for the Execution of this Act, without Fees. The Receipt of Lari Saint

M Vincent, and his Successors, shall be a suffic^ent Discharge. Annuity to be Tax-free; and recoverable

44 by Action against the Officers of the Exchequer. Annuity not to be aliened or encumbered for a longer

4* Term than during the Life of the Possessor.”

CAP. XXII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan^ and the two next

Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service

performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public.—[9th March 1798.J

[This Act is in all Respects the fame (mutatis mutandis) as the preceding. In the Preamble the Confi-

deration is stated to be the eminent and signal Service performed by Adam Duncan Lord Viscount

44 Duncan, one of the Admirals of the Blue, on the Coast of Holland, in an Engagement in the Month of

44 October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with a Dutch Fleet, under the Command of

44 Admiral De Winter” and the Annuity is made to commence from the eleventh of that Month.]

cap. xxiii.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.—[9th March 1798.] VP V

[This Act is the fame as that of last Session, Cap. 33. except that its Continuance is from Alarch 24,

1798, till March 25, 1799 ; the Number of Forces is stated at 48,609, including 5,766 Invalids. The

Se&ions, ((landing as 23 and 25, in 37 Geo. 3. c. 33.,) directing the Muster Matter to give Notice of

the Muster to the Chief Magistrate of the Place where the Soldiers are quartered, and to make Oath

accordingly before him, are omitted.—See Post. Cap. 32. as to increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be

paid to Innkeepets on quartering Soldiers, and regulating the furnishing Diet to Soldiers and Recruits on a-

March.] ' Tf-1 * I Su^H9

i - 1 p'b cap*

