A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 103.

fhai’ not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Good? or Effects whereon to levy such

Penalty, the ju(lice before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to the Common Gaol, there to

remain, without Bail, for the Space ol three Months, or shall cause such Offender to be publicly whipped at

the DPcretion of such Justice. - r

LIU. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the Militia may, by Sentence of a

Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Soldier of the Militia, to serve as such durin^

the War. ®

LIV .-And be it further ena«£led, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to embody

an-1 call out the said lix thousand Men, and put them under the Command of such General Officers as he

fnali be pleased to appoint over them; and to direct them to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts

of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the preventing and repelling any Invasion, and for the Sup-

613

Militia not to

be ordered out

of Scotland.

Non-commis-

fioned Officers-

and Privates,

(wounded in

Service,) en-

tilled to Cludfea

Pension,

married, may set up in any Part of Great Britain*

General Officers; and during such Time as aforesaid, all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament

which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army

and their Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-

commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia, in all Cafes whatsoever.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole, or any Part of the Militia

directe 1 by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LV1. And be it enacted, That if any Non-commissioned Officer of the Militia, or private Militia Man,

shall be maimed or Wounded in adiual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital

with any Non commissioned Officer or private Soldier belonging to his Majesty’s other Forces; and that

every such Person, having served in the Militia when called out into actual Service, and being a married Man,

may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, without any

Molestation for or by reason of the using such Trade, in like Manner as any Person who has served in his

Majesty’s Navy, or as a Soldier in his regular Land Forces, may do *—

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry, City, and Place, or

on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Stewartry, City, or

Place, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any such Order as aforesaid from his Majtrty shall

be directed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief Constable of the several Divisions or Districts, with

Directions to forward the fame immediately to the Constables or other Officers of the several Panfhes and

Places within their respeCHve Divisions and DiflriCts, and such Constables or other Officers are hereby

required, upon Receipt hereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men,

or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respe&ive Parishes or Places, to attend at the Lime and

Place mentioned in such Order; and if any Militia Men so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore-

said (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and

march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as

a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and

Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if any Peri'on shall harbour and

conceal any Militia Man, when ordered out into actual Service, knowing him to be a Militia' Man, every

such Person (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia Men shall be drawn out and embodied for actual

Service, and incorporated by Command of his Majesty as aforesaid into a Regiment, Battalion, or other

Corps, and during the Time they shall continue so embodied and incorporated, the Colonel, or, where there

is no Colonel, the Co r.manding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, so embodied or incorporated

as aforesaid, shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and shall take Security

, and, where there is no Colonel, the Commanding Officer, shall be

Serjeants or

Corporals may

bt reduced to

Privates.

His Majesty

may order the

Militia to be

embodied, and

put under the

Command of

General Offi-

cer, and led

into any Part of

Scotland for

preventing In.

vafion, &c.

County Lieu-

tenant to iflu©

Orders to the

Chief Constable

for the Attend-

alice of Militia

Men.

from such Agent; and such Colonel

and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent, or

from himself, upon Account of the Pay, Cloathing, or public Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, (lull

be ordered out into actual Service, the Collector of the Ccfs for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place shall

and is hereby required forthwith to pay, to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of

Militia so ordered out, the Sum of one Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his

Company; and the said Collector of the Eels {hall also pay to every Captain and Commanding Officer of a

Company as aforesaid, the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall

have joined his Company, while out in adiual Service as aforesaid; all which Money so paid by the said

Collector of the Cess shall be allowed to him in his Account; and the Money so received by any Captain

or other Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think

proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he thall think mod advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and

such Captain and Commanding Officer shall, before any Militia Man of his Company receives his Dif^harge,

account to such Militia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall

pay the Remainder of the Money, if any, to the said Militia Man.

Men not at-

tending may

be apprehended

as Deserters.

Penalty for

harbouring Mi-

litia Men.

Colonel to ap-

point an Agent

when the M/Ji-

tia is embodied,

for whom he is

to be respon-

liLie.

When the Mi-

litia is ordered

out, the Col-

lector of the

Cess to pay a

Guinea lor the

Cfe of each Man

to his captain,

to be laid out

for hib Use.

LX. And,

