4l7

A* D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Gaorou III.

C. 124.

required to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution with relation to the said Duties

hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorized to

put in execution the said Acts relative to the said Duties on Horses, or any Matters and Things therein re-

ipedlively contained.

VI. And whereas it may be convenient to enable the Assessors to deliver joint or distinct Notices to Per-

Tons liable to any of the Duties on Horses, Servants, or Carriages, or for wearing Hair Powder, by any

4 former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act, on Dogs, according to Circumstances and as the

4 Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall from Time to Time direct be it further enacted, That it

shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, at any Time after the passing gf this Act,

to direct joint or distinct Notices to be given to the several Persons liable to any of the before mentioned Duties,

as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall fee convenient; and if any Assessor or Assessors,

who shall be required by Order of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to prepare, flgn, or de-

liver any Notice or Notices to the Person or Persons liable to any of the before mentioned Duties, shall ne-

gledt or refuse to prepare, sign, or deliver such Notice or Notices, in pursuance of such Order, every such

AiTeflor or Assessors shall, on Complaint thereof made to the Commissioners authorized to carry this Act

into execution, at any Meeting held within or for the Prccindlof such Assessor or Assessors, forfeit and pay

any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lets than forty Shillings, as the Commissioners before whom such

Complaint is heard shall think fit, to be levied as any other Penalty inflidlcd by such Commissioners for Ne-

glcdl of Duty by any Law* in force may be levied*-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be desirous of compounding

for the Number of Hounds by him, her, or them kept in any Year, and shall give Notice thereof within

the Time herein-after mentioned to the Collector or Collectors of the Duty imposed by this Act for any Pa-

rish or Place where such Person shall be liable to be addled, of his or her Intention so to do, and shall pay, or

cause to be paid, the full Sum of fifteen Pounds, within thirty Days after the fifth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-six, and in any subsequent Year, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of

twenty Pounds, within thirty Days after the fifth Day of rfpril in such Year, such Person shall not be liable

to be assessfed in respect of any Hounds by him or her kept in the Year preceding such Notice and Payment;

provided that if such Person shall be liable to be act'efled in respect of the said Duty in two or more Parishes or

rlaces,then he or (lie shall cause to be given the like Notice to the proper Officers in every Parish or Place

where he or she shall be liable to be assessed; and shall declare in which Parish or Place such Composition is

intended to be made; and every Collector to whom such Composition shall be paid shall give a Receipt for

the fame, as and for a Composition for the Duty by this Act imposed.

Com mi fti oner*

for Taxes may

direlt jomt or

dilUAtt Notices

to be g>en to

Persons liable

to the Duties on

Horses, Ac. and

Dogs.

Penalty on Af-

fessors neglect-

ing to prepare

or deliver No -

tices.

Persons keep-

ing Hounds

may compound

for the Duty.

Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raffing and accounting for the fame respectively ex-

cepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVe/hninster; and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the Duties by this

(a

IVefhmnjler

the said Money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so much

thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying

the encreased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into

the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Re-

venue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the

said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid

into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties

granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such encreased Charge as aforesaid, be

entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

upon any Account whatever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any

Person or Persons for dny Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Cafe, the said Action

or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and

shall be brought in the County or Place where such Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and

the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Blue, and give General Issue.

this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done

in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or ‘

Suit shall be brought after die Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other

County, City, or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defend-

ant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or dif-

continue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon De-

murrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath Treble Costs*

4JT have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fynd.

Duties to be

applied in de-

fraying the cn-

crcaCd Charges,

occasioned by

any Loan of tins

Session, and for

10 Years toge-

ther with other

Duties granted

for the fame

Purpose, kept

apart from other

Monies.

Limitation of

Actions.

1

1

CAP.

