A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo fexta Georgii III. C. 123. 413'

to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid; and that all Wine for or Aa as to the

in rcipe& whereof any Duty of Customs is by this Act imposed, {hall be, and the fame are hereby made Dunesof C«f-

subject and liable (except where any Alteration i$ expressly made by this Atft) to all and every the Condi- lomj*

tiens. Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize in general were subje&and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immedi-

ately upon the Commencement of this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs, and all and every Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for any Offence whatsoever committed against,

or in Breach of any A<5ior Atfts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the Commencement of

this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the

several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall, and the fame are hereby

respcCIively directed and declared to extend to, and the fame respectively shall be applied, practiled, and

put in execution for or in respect of the said Duties of Customs by this ACt imposed, in as full and ample

Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,- as if all and every the said ACts, Clauses, Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Matters, and Things respectively were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enaCted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeit- A£hin force

tires, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an ACt, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of respeaing the

King Charles the Second, (intituled, Jin Att for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Revenue of Ex-

Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof')

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise upon Beer, ‘Ale, and other t^ Du^ of

Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, Excise.

adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practiled and put in execu-

tien in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the said

Duties of Excise upon Foreign Wine and Sweets, respectively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as

if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things

were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present ACt.

XV. And be it further enaCted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and Duties to be

additional Rates and Duties by this ACt imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and account- carried to the

inc for the fame respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Ma- dated

jesty’s Exchequer at IVe/lniin/ler and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made u

Part of the Consolidated Fund. v .

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the Monies to arile from the said Duties, or so Duties to be ap-

much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of de- pl>cd in defray,

fraving the increased Charges occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any infa^i Cha c

Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space ^cafioned^

of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dif- any Loan of this

tindly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and that there shall be provided and kept in Session, and for

the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in Years>

which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, ^5,\^ntedDfor

together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pur- Jheifk^Pur-

pose of defraying such increased Charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies p0fcj to be kept

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever. separate from

' otherMonits*

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Dogs.—[19th May 1796.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign, \ ;

€ T T 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-

VV sembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the encreased Charges oc-

4 cafioned by any Loan made, or to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that

4 Purpose, passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Ma-

4 jesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of "July One 51. to be paid

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six,every Person who shall keep any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting annually for

Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, or who shall keep two or more Dogs of whatever Description or De- fverLGIeJ"

nomination the fame may be, shall be charged and assessed annually with the Sum of five Shillings for each

. f 1. r> rx ^ /> r rt i i i r » i

Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, and also for each Doe, where

shall be so kept and every Person who shall inhabit any Dwelling House, alldlt

-any of the Duties on inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, and shall keep one Dog and no more.

— - - ;-— — 7 -

two or more Dogs

fed to

1 such Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, shall be

charged and assessed annually with the Sum of three Shillings for such Dog.

36 Geo. III.

H

bound, Sit. 2tad

for every Dog

whatever where

two 01 more are

kept; and 3 s.

for each Dog not

being a Grey-

hound, Sec.

where oniy one is kept by a Houftkeeper aflcflVd to the Duties on I loufcs.

‘MI. Pro-

