795* Anno tricesimo quin to

C. 123.

9

Parties and

Witness may

be examined on

Oath, but no

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Parties shall appear, the said Justices

shall be empowered to hear them viva voce, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by

Declaration, or upon Oath, proceeding on the Reference of either Party : Provided always, that no Pro- uuwiw

Curators, Solicitors, or any ferfons practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead for them, nor shall any of Pn&i&r of the

the Pleadings, or Minutes, or Evidence, be taken down in Writing, nor be entered upon any Record. Law to plead, &c.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defender who has been personally cited, or

-who has been cited a second Time on Default for Non-appearance on his fird Citation, shall not appear,

and shall not fend an Excuse to satisfy thp Justices to give him a Delay, he shall be held as confessing the

Debt, or Justice of the Demand; but if a sufficient Excuse shall happen to be made, or if the Absence of

Witnesses, or any other good Reason assigned, shall move the Justices to adjourn the Meeting to another

Day, or to the next stated Time of Meeting, it shall be competent for them to make such Adjournment,

and the Parries and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

VII. And be it enacted, Th.it in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justices, that the Non--

attendance of Parties or Witnesses has been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Officer,

I I /* 1 Z9 T"* • || 1 • 2 ' /•IT /I • /I f I

-----M _ 1 /L* L----- rB----- life

exceeding ten Days.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Depute Clerk shall keep a Kook,

wherein shall be entered a Transcript of the Petition or Complaint, with the Date of giving it in, the feve-

ral Deliverances, or Interlocutory Orders of the Justices, and the final Judgment or Decree, with the Date,

thereof, which last shall be signed by the Justices present, or by their Prefes, if more than two are present j

and a Copy of said Decree shall, by the Clerk, be annexed to tile principal Petition or Complaint, contain-

ing Warrant for arrefling or poinding the Eft'cdsof the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison ;

which Copy or Extract, being signed by the Clerk or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose Fa-

your the fame is granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution after the Expiration of fix free Days from the

Date of pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it is given has been present in Court when it

was pronounced; or if he has not been present. Execution shall only proceed alter a Charge of fix free

accenuance or rarties or w itnenes nas oeen occanoneo oy any rauure or i^uty on tnc rare or tnc wm<

or that he has returned a false Execution, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to punish him, by a F

to the Poor, or Imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, nor the I m prison men t

% •

PIJPPPIrot

appearing, or

fending a fulfi-

cient Excuse, to

he hrld as con*

fefting the I>tbt,

Sec.

Justices may

punish Officer

for Failure of

Duty.

Clerk to enter

Transcript of

Pttition§ and

Decrees.

Copy of Decree

to be Warrant

lor Execution.

Form of Poind-

ing-

turning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, after deducting what is allowed by this Act lor Poinding and

Sale; and if the Effects are not fold^ delivering them over at the apprailed Value to the Creditor to the

Amount of the Debt, and of the Allowance for Poinding: Provided always, that in case the Place of Sale

is not a Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall

ys, that the said Justices may, if tt

by Instalments, weekly or monthly

________|_____

two Days at least before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church, upon Sunday after the Fore-

" 1 1-----•— T A2----- *r n-,‘ -L:-1----->er, directlie Sum or

Circumstances of the

Parties found liable.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Decree thus given shall not be subject to Ad-

vocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution; and in case either Party shall

thereafter insist in an Action of Reduction, before the Court of Session, for setting afidc the Proceedings,

on the Ground of alleged Iniquity or Oppression, he shall, before being heard in such Action, be obliged

to find sufficient Caution, and to lodge the lame in the Hands of the Clerk of Court for Payment of such

Expence* as may be awarded against him ; nor shall any such Action be at all competent, after the Expira-

tien of one Year from the Date of the Decree of the said Justices.

XL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Fees, and no other, shall be

allowed and taken; videlicet: 1 - v

To the Clerk of Court, for drawing up Petition and Complaint

For entering and transcribing the fame in his Book -

To the Clerk, for a Copy of Service -

To him, for ugningand entering the fame in his Book

To him, for entering the Appearance of every Defender

To him, for every Oath -

To him, for the Decree containing the Warrant of Execution

To him, for Warrant to cite Defender’s Witnesses, or any other Warrant or Order

To him, for every Petition Answer

TotheCryer, for calling the Action -

To the Officers, for summoning the Defender or Witnesses, each

To him, for the Execution of Arrestment of the Defender's Effects

To him and the Assistants, for poinding the Effects -

To him and his Assistants, for felling the fame -

To him and Assistants, for Execution against the Defender’s Person

To the Officer, for every Mile he shall travel to the Country

I -L&kkiMurV- - X ?F f 2

Justice my or-

der Mon-.y due

to he paid by

Instalmcnu.

Decree not Tub-

jett to Advoca-

tien, Si c.

Caution to be

found ■where an

Action of Re-

duction is in-

lifted on, Sec.

Fees to he taken

as fellows.

Sterling.

£• i* d.

O 0 6

• O 0 6

- O 0 2

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

■ 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 0*

- 0 Q V 4

- 0 0 4

• 0 2 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 3

A Copy

