*1

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

7

seduce Persons serving in His Majesty’s Forces, by Sea or

Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or

to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, two several Acts, pafiedin the Session of Parlia-

ment holden in the ihirty-fixtfi and thirty-seventh Years

of His present Majesty, the one. Chapter Thirty-two,

on the tenth Day of Marche and the other. Chapter Sixty-

one, on the twenty-fifth Day of May, one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-(even, for suspending, for a limited

Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the fif-

teenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promiftory

Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within

that Part of Great Britain called England.

8. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-eighty

9. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, an Act, pasted in the thirty-fifth Year of His present

Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the sixteenth Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five;

and also an Act, pasted in the same Year, Chapter Eighty,

videlicet, on the twenty-second Day of May one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and also another Act,

pasted in the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the fourteenth Day of

Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called

- Scotland.

13. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant

Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who

have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank

as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Re-

Jl rift ions and Qualifications.

14. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time

limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-hfth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight;

to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corpo-

d Boroue!

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having

rations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have

May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating

to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in

Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for

that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an

Act, pasted in the Session of Parliament holden in the

thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Ma-

jesty, Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, on the twenty-

eighth Day of December one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations

spefting

r Good Ht

lo. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks

from the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, so much of an Act, pasted in the Session of Parlia-

ment of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His

present Majesty, Chapter Seven, videlicet, on the eleventh

of November one thousand seven hundred and^ ninety-six,

as relates to the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of

Wheat and Rye, and to the Importation of several Ar-

ticles of Provision.

ri. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an Act

pasted in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-

sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,

Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distil-

Jeries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland,

therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and

for regulating the Duties on Distilleries, in the respective

Districts in Scotland.

12. An Act to give further Time for executing, and for en-

larging, the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of

P'.rliampnf. intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia

been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing

them until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide Admissions

duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted

to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures

' of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the

fame on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indem-

nifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia*,

who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qua-

lifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time

directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for

that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight.

15. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore ; to continue until the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine.

16. An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Con-

tribution for the Prosecution of the War.

* •_ 4 . * k * * ^ * I

17. An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the

present War, a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in

pursuance of two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for

augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty’s other

Forces, and to serve until six Months after the Conclu-

fion of a general Peace. '

18. An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain

Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide

for the necessary Augmentation of Men, in the several

Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplement-

ary Militia therewith.

19. A?. Act to give further Time for putting in Execution

an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain

Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for

the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies

of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia there-

with.

20. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

21. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on

John Earl Saint Vincent, and the two next Persons to

whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall^ defeend, in

Consideratioa

