490

From Jan. 5,

1797, tiic

Owner of every

Stayce Coach to

pay an addi-

tional Dury of

x d lei each

Wile it shall

travel.

Duty to be le

vii d. Sec as

under Stat. 4$

Geo 111. C*p.

and the

Stamp- A^ls.

Duty to be paid

into the Exche-

quer, and car-

Tied to the Con-

folidated Fund ;

and dcenv.d an

Addition to toe

Revenue lor de-

frays.g the in.

created Charge,

*occafn>ned by

ary'Lt>an of this

Sctfion.

C. 16, 17. Anno tricesimo septimo G eorgr t III. A.D. 1796.

miking a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beleech your

Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advke and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

(ernbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after rhe filth Day of January one thousand

seven hundred and nincly-ftven, the Owner or Owners of every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Ca-

lash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Diligence, or other Carriage, with four or more Wheels, and of every Ca-

lash, Chaise, Chair, or any other Carriage with Ids than four Wheels, by what Name soever the fame

now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as public Stage Coaches or Cariiages for the

Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in the Kingdom of Great Britain,

shall be, and he and they is and are hereby charged with an adwJ.itional Duty of one Penny for every Mile

such Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid shall travel.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act imposed shall from Time to Time be raised,

collected, levied, and paid by such Persons, at such l ime, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means,

and under such Management, and under and subject to such Penalties 3nd Forfeitures, and with and subject

to such Powers, Rules, and Directions, and by such Methods, and in fuen Manner and Form, as aie di-

rested and prescribed in and by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Perjons letting Horses for the Purtofe of tra-

yelling Po/ly and on Horses lei to Hire for travelling Po/lx and by Time, and on Stage Coaches; and for grant-

ing other Duties in lieu thereof; and also additional Duties tin Horses let to Hire for travelling Post% and by

Ttme9 or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties under the Management of the

Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and ihat all the

Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained

in the said Acts respectively, shall be in full Force and Eft’eft with relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and

the fame {hall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the Duty

hereby imposed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been re-

enacted with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the said Duty hereby imposed, (the ne-

ccssary Charges for raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confohdated Fund.

TV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty hereby

imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for

the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock created or to

be created by any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the Lid Monies

shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt d.ftinftly and apart from all

other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Audi-

for of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies aris-

ing from the said Duty hereby imposed shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and

Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as afortfaxj,

be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Hurs and Succef-

ifors, upon any Account whatever.

TV

add tional Do-

lt cs of CO

be paid:

For Gal-

lon of rV Corw.

urns of every

"Still uled for

-grafting

cap. xvii. - a: imm

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland,

and on the Exportation of 5ri7/#-made Spirits from England to Scotland^ and from

^Scotland to England.—[28ch December 1796.J

Most Gracious Sovereign, v ft JrMLiif ' '‘ -J nSB

4 T T 7E vouf Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Pub! c Expeiiees, and

1 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

4 grant to your Majesty the further and additional Duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humhjy be-

4 fcech.your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent M ajefty, by

and wirh rhe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present r’ar-

bament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the patting of this Act, there

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor?, f r

and in respect of the several Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already

imposed f >r or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the Vrther Duties cf Excise herein-after

mentioned; that is to fav, ’ r V,

For and upon every Gallon, EnglifS Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (inc’uding the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pij^e, Tube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected. under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may b* called or known, as higa as

the Steam can afeend,) which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of Low Widcj or"Si i-

dts9

