868

The Offices of

Inspector of

Prosecutions,

ice. in the Cuf-

toms, not to be

hereafter grant-

; and such of

them as are va-

cant, and the

others as they

become vacant,’

to be abolished.

The Offices of

Rcsifter Gene-

ral of Trading

Ships, &c. not

to be granted,

and such of

them as are va-

cant, and the

others as they

become vacant,

to be abolished,

save as herein-

after mentioned.

{Sec $ 4.)

The present Of-

ficers not com-

pellable to any

other Duty than

as heretofore.

The Commis-

sioners of the

Customs, with

the Approba.

tien of the

Treasury, may

provide for the

Execution of

the Duties of

such of the last-

mentioned Of-

fices as shall

appear to be

necessary, &c.

The Salary, &c.

as Collector

Outwards in the

Tort of London*

C. 86. Anno tricesimo o<£lavo G e o r g 11 III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. LXXXVI. *

An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Of-

' fices therein; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices

towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund.—[28th June 1798.]

WHEREAS certain Offices in his Majesty’s Customs in England^ which have been usually granted

by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, have been found to be unnecessary ; and other Offices in

4 the said Customs, which have been also usually granted by like Letters Patent, although the Duties, or

4 foine thereof, are necessary or useful, have been commonly executed by Deputies appointed by the Pa-

4 tentees respectively ; and several of such Offices are now vacant, and others are held by Letters Patent

4 heretofore granted ; and it is expedient that some of the said Offices should be abolished, and that others

4 should not in future be granted by Letters Patent, and should be abolished, so far as any of the Duties

4 thereof shall appear not to be necessary or useful; and that Provision should be made for the Discharge of such

4 Duties, in such Manner as shall be found convenient for the Public Service May it therefore please your

Majesty that it maybe enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Offices in the Customs, of Inspector of Prose-

cutions, Register of Goods seized, and of Informations and Suits, Inspector and Examiner of the Books of

the Patent, and other Officers of the Ports, Surveyor General of the Customs, and Subfidiesin the Port of

London, Customers or Collectors at the Out Ports, and Keeper of the Books of Entries for the Port of

London, shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person

or Persons whomsoever; and that such of the said several Offices as are vacant shall forthwith be, and the

fame are hereby wholly abolished ; and that such of them as are not vacant shall hereafter, from Time to

Time as the fame shall respectively become vacant, be in like Manner abolished 5 and the fame are hereby,

from and after the respective Times when the fame shall respectively become vacant as aforesaid, wholly

abol i shed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Offices of Register General of Trading Ships, Inspector

of the Out Port Collators Accounts and Vouchers, Comptroller of the Customs in the Port of London,

excepting the Duties on Cloth, Wool, and Leather exported ; Collector of the Subsidies of Tonnage and

Poundage in the Port of London, Collector of the Customs of Tonnage and Poundage Outwards in the Port

of London and Keeper of the Cocquet Seal, nineteen Waiters commonly called King's Waiters in the Port

of London, Chief Patent Searcher of the Customs in the Port of London, five Under Searchers in the Port of

London, two Searchers at Gravesend, Comptroller at the Out Ports, Searchers at the Out Ports, and four

King’s Waiters in the Port of Bri/lol^ being Offices the Duties N whereof are in Part useful and neceffiiry,

shall not, nor shall any of such Offices, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or

Persons by Patent or otherwise, save as hereinafter mentioned, and that such of them as are vacant shall

forthwith be abolished, and the fame are hereby aboliftied, save as hereinafter provided, and that such of them

as are not vacant shall hereafter, from Time to Time as the fame shall respectively become vacant, be in

like Manner abolished ; and the fame are hereby accordingly, from and after the respective Times when the

fame shall respectively become vacant, abolished, save as hereinafter mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Officers before mentioned, nor any of them,

shall not be compelled to any other Attendance on the Duty of their several Offices during the Continuance

of the existing Grants to them than has heretofore been given. '[• '• 1

IV. Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Cuf-

toms, with the Approbation of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the

Time being, to provide for the Execution of such of the Duties of the several Offices last mentioned, as

shall in their Judgment appear to be necessary or useful, either by appointing (by Instruments under their

Hands, with the Approbation aforesaid) proper Persons to execute, during their Pleasure, such necessary

and useful Duties of so many of the said Offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many of the said Of-

fices as are not vacant, when and as the fame shall respectively become vacant, and by consolidating in one

or more Office or Offices, or separating intodiftindt or different Offices, such necessary and useful Duties

respectively, and otherwise regulating such Offices respectively, in such Manner as the Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Customs, with the Approbation of the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, shall in their Judgment from Time to Time think fit and

proper. '

V. 4 And whereas the Office of Collector Outwards in the Port of London was, in the Year one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and ei^hty-two, held by George late Duke of ALanchester for the Term of his Life, and

4 the Life of his Brother Charles Greville Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Grevilie Montagu, by

4 Letters Patent,-and Letters Patent were prepared in the same Year to pass the Great Seal on a Surrender

3 4 of

