A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 9®*

*57

44

44

one Tons; and every such Ship or \rcflel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is

defenbed and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel,

granted in pursuance of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the further Inc nap anil Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation ; and if any such

Mailer, or other rerfon taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act con-

trary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of

lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave, exceeding in Number the Proportions

herein before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other

Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same: Provided always, that if

there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children,

and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children, over and above the

aforesaid Proportion of Two-fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or

beconflrued to extend, to the Cafe of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found

(hipwrecked, or from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among

the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or

Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall

lie upon the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

44 Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies^ to give in a written Declaration to

44 the Officer of the Customs of the Burthen of the Vessels, &cf and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to

forfeit 500/. Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels, on

Penalty of 500/. Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Decla-

ration of the Master, tffc. Penalty on making false Declaration. No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless

44 entered for that Purpose at clearing out, nor unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves

44 curing the Voyage ; Journal is to be delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first British Port of

44 Arrival, &c. Officer to deliver to the Mafier a Copy of his Declaration and to the Surgeon a Copy of

4i his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs. Masters or Surgeons acting

44 contrary hereto to forfeit 100/. If Penalty on Malters be not paid within 14 Days, their Vessels may

44 be seized and fold.”

VI.

4 Vessel ... _ mm. m ,

That as soon as such Ship or Vessel shall arrive in any of the said Islands, and due Notice of such Arrival

shall have been given at the Custom House thereof, the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Vessel, or his,

her, or their Factor or Agent to whom such Ship and Cargo are confiened, shall give Bond in the penal Sum

of five thousand Pounds to the Collector or other Officer of the Customs, for the full and just Payment of

such Penalty or Penalties as may be awarded against such Captain, or other Officer, by the Verdict of a

fury : And it is hereby enacted. That no such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted or fuftered to enter or clear

inwards, until such Bond shall be first given; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to detain

such Wt WtUSBtBtKSUi I

Provide

unless the fame shall be commenced within one Month after

Collector or other Officer of the Qustoms in the said Islands.

Penalties may be sued for in any Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or the West Indies, where the

OflFence shall have been commited, or the Cargo disposed of, or in any Court of Record at IVeJiniinster,

or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks,

to be allotted to the Slaves. If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein

directed, he and also the Owner shall forfeit 500/. Former Acts recited, and nothing therein to make

void Insurances made in the fame general 'Terms as other Insurances, but under them no Damages shall

be recoverable in certain Cafes. No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has pdfed his

Examination, &c. If the Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the

Voyage more than two Slaves in the ico, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on

Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they arc to order the Master too/, and the

Surgeon 50/. Like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the

100, which is to entitle the Master to 50/. and the Surgeon to 25 /. Before any Vessel is cleared out-

wards, the Master, Officers, and Mariners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms annexed to

the Act; and no other Form to be used on Penalty of 50/. Muster Roll to be regularly kept, and

delivered, bV. on Penalty of 100/. and six Months Imprisonment.”

XV. And be it further enacted. That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or discharged,

Vessels to

deemed of the

Tonnage set

forth in their

Certificates of

Registry.

Masters of Vef-

fels to forfeit

30 I. fer evtry

Slave exceeding

the limited

Number.

If more than

Two-fifths of

the Slaves be

Children, five

of the Surplus to

be deemed equal

to four Slaves,

tec.

4 And whereas it may happen that the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or

:1 so prosecuted and convicted may be unable to pay such Penalty or Penalties incurred ;* be it enacted,

t* \ c*\ * i r 1 /i it • • c 1 /•jin 1 1 1 a.1 c (* t a

given

>P

On Arrival of

Vessels in Ame-

rica or the Weft

Indies, the

Owners to give

Bond for Pay-

ment of Penal-

ties.

Vessels not to

be admitted to

Entry till Bond

is given.

Suits to be com-

menced within

one Month,

ci

u

u

u

u

«&

a

M

a

c«

ct

u

u

u

tc

upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress,

' principal ()stra

Writing with the said Officers or Men in lent, or, upon Preferment, 01 under ill State oi Health, with the

r . ; # . — ----- - — 9 - # • « r j m^ 1 — t — — —-----r — -----—

hich is to be certified by the principal OiHcers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in

sent of tile Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Majesty’s Ships

'eflels, if any are present, or, in their Absence, two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector and Comp-

troller of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, which

Certificate shall be returned with the Muster Roll and Log Book, on the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering

Pott in Great Britain*

No Officer, &«,

to be turned

over or dif-

charged, but

under rhe Cir-

r.umftanecs

herein mention-

.

“ No

