798

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

the Approbation of the said Court of Chancery, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any

Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate in any

Part of Great Britain; and such Land 'Tax, when so purchased, {hall be deemed to be of the Nature of

Real Estate, and shall go and be applied in the same Manner as the Estate fold would have gone and been

applied, if the fame had not beenfo fold, . , vfi% r J ¥

entitled to the

Lands; or such

Surplus may be

laid out in the

Purchase of

Land Tax,

which shall then be considered as Real Estate.

JnScotland such

Surplus Stock

shall be placed

in one of the

public Banks,

subject to the

Order of the

Court of

Session, who

may apply the

fame in Pay-

ment of Debts;

or the Purchase

of other Lands

or Land Tax j

and mean Time

place the fame

out at Interest

for the Benefit

of the Person

entitled to the

Lands.

If the Surplus

does not exceed

200). Stock, it

may be transfer-

red to a Trustee

without Inter-

ference of the Courts.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged, or charged, are situated in Scotland, such Surplus Stock

may be fold, and the Money arising therefrom be paid into or placed in one or other of the two public

Banks of Scotland, with the previous Authority of the Court of Semon, the Judges of which Court are here-

by empowered and required, upon summary Petition to be presented to them by or on the Behalf of the

Proprietor or Heir in rofltflion for the T ime, to direct and order that the said Surplus Money or Balance

{hall be laid out and employed as soon as conveniently may be, under the Direction and with the Approba-

tien of the said Court, either in the Payment of Debts aftedling the said entailed Estate, or in the Purchase

of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Land Tax, which respectively shall be limited and

settled to the fame Persons and Uses, and under the fame Clauses and Conditions as the said Manors, Mef-

fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid,

stood settled and limited; and in the mean Time, till the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be so em-

ployed, to order and direct the Money to be laid out upon such Security as to the Court shall seem proper,

upon Interest, and to direct such Clauses to be inserted in the Bond or other Security to be taken for the

Money, as shall be effectual to secure the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been en-

titled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

case such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, had not been made, and the succeeding Heirs of Entail who shall fuc-

ceflively come to the Possession of the fame, the Enjoyment of the Interest of the said Money, and to pre-

fer ve the Capital until the Money shall be employed as aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Surplus as aforesaid {hall not exceed

the Amount of two hundred Pounds Principal Stock, the fame {hall be transferred to a Trustee to be named

by the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies redeeming such Land Tax, in order that the

fame may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, without obtaining or being required to obtain the

Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery or Court of Session as aforesaid.

Mortgagees,

Sec. under tills

Act not to have

Priority over

former Mort-

gageesofEstates,

except for Inte-

rest of Mort-

gage j and such

former Mort-

gagees to have

the Preference

of advancing

Money to re-

deem the Land

Tax.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further epadled, That all and every Persons or Person, Body, Cor-

poration, or Company, having any Mortgage, Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance on any Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be mortgaged, or out of which any Relit Charge shall be

granted by virtue of this Act, {hall have and be entitled to all such Remedies, Privileges, and Ad vantages, both

at Law and in Equity, as he, she, or they would have had or been entitled to in case this Act had not been

passed, or no Mortgage or Grant had been made under or by virtue thereof; and the Person or Persons

lending any Money for the Purposes of this Act {hall not have Priority of Security on the said Manors,

Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, by force and virtue of this Act, over any such prior Mortgage,

Charge, Lien, or Incumbrance, in respect of the Principal Money lent for the Purposes of this Act, but

in respect of the Interest thereof only: Provided also, That all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Com-

panies, having any prior Mortgages, Charges, Liens, or Incumbrances on such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be entitled, according to their respective Priorities, to ad-

vance the Money required for the Redemption of such Land Tax in preference to all other Persons.

NoRevcrfioner,

on coming into

Porte flion to be

liable to the

Payment of

more than one

Year's Interest,

&c. in Arrear.

Any Person

having Benefit

of Preference,

and not an

Estate of Inhe-

ritance,redeem-

ing the Land

Tax out of his

own Estate, and

declaring his

Option to be

considered as a

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies,

entitled in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedlancy to, or having any future Interest in any Manors, iVlef-

fuages. Lands, T enements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so conveyed, surrendered, or demised by Way

of Mortgage, or whereout any such Relit Charge or Relit Charges as aforesaid shall be granted and made

payable, in pursuance of this Act, {hall be liable, upon his, her, or their coming into the Possession.of, or being

beneficially entitled to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to the Payment of

Arrears of Interest on any Sum or Sums of Money (ecured by Mortgage as aforesaid, or of Arrears of any

Relit Charge for more than twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession

{hall have accrued.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons having such Benefit of Prefer-

ence as hereinbefore mentioned, and who shall not be seised of or entitled to any Estate of Inheritance in the

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged,

shall redeem such Land Tax by and out of his, her, or their own Estate, and shall, at the Time of entering

into the ContradI for the Redemption thereof, have declared his, her, or their Option to be considered on

the Footing of a Purcliafer or Purchasers as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, hold, and enjoy the Land Tax so redeemed by him, her, or them,

as an Annuity iflfuing out of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (subject to

such Right and Power of Redemption thereof as hereinbefore is given to the Person or Persons beneficially

