A.D. 1797.

572 C.-90. Anno tricesimo septimo G eorgii III.

Letters oi Mart.

Matricvl itions

in England.

Pardons.

rafi*ports.

Probates.

Notes to Bearer

on Demand re-

iiTUabjc where

first ilTuei?.

[SeiftJI, § 15.]

Notes*to Bearer

on Demand re-

ifluable at any

Pla^e.

[Seejtjl, § 15.]

— A w t

Notes to Bearer

payable other-

wife than on

Demand.

Notes exceed-

ing 200 1.

Protests.

Recognizances.

Registers, Sec.

of Degrees in

the Universities

in England.

Ditto in Inns of

Court.

Surrenders of,

and Admittance

to Ccpyholds.

[See fcjl, § n,

la, 13.J

Copy of Sur-

render of, or

Admittance to,

Estates not Co-

pyhold.

Any Letters of Mart, the Sum of fifteen Shillings:

Any Matriculation of a Person in either of the two Universities in England, the Sum of four Shil-

lings: ,

Any Pardon (except the General Circuit or Newgate Pardons) of or for any Crime or Offence, or

of any Sum of Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or any Warrant ot Reprieve or Relaxation from any pe-

cuniary Fine or Forfeiture exceeding one hundred Pounds, or from any corporal Punishment, the Sum of

six Pounds:

Any Passport, the Sum of one Shilling:

Any Probate of a W ill or Letters of Administration for any Estate of or above the Value of three hundred

Pounds, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings; where the Estate is of or above the Value of six hundred

Pounds, the further Sum of one Pound and ten Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of

one thousand Pounds, the further Sum of two Pounds; and where the Estate is cf or above the Value of

two thousand Pounds, the further Sum of four Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of

five thousand Pounds, the further Sum of five Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of

ten thousand Pounds, the further Sum of five Pounds:

Any Promiflbry Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be

re-issuable from l ime to Time after Payment at the Place where the fame was first issued, but not other-

wife, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall

not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, the Sum of one Penny; and where such Sum shall exceed five

Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such

Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where such

Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence;

and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of

Sixpence:

Any Promiflbry Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may

be re-ifl'ued from Time to Time after any Payment at the same Place or any other Place than where the

fame was first issued, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall amount to forty

Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such

Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the Sum of Four-

pence: ' . 1 1 1 W -ffl fftsSjSl

Any Promiflbry Note, or other Note payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, where the Sum

expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty

Pounds, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed fifty

Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed one

hundred Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall

not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence: - -

Any Promiflbry Note, or other Note payable on Demand, or otherwise, where the Sum expressed therein,

or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Eight-pence:

Any Protest or other Notarial A£ whatever, the Sum of two Shillings:

Any Recognizance, Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, the Sum of ten Shillings:

Any Register, Entry, Teflimonial, or Certificate of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities it*

England) the Sum of two Pounds: ’ 1 'tf* 1: 7 / tWA

Any Regifier, Entry, Teflimonial, or Certificate of any Degree in any Inn of Court, the Sum of fourteen.

Pounds: . , '

Any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land or Tenement, (except such Copyhold Land or

Tenement as shall not exceed the clear Yearly Value of twenty Shillings; and also except the original Sur-

render to the Use of a Will,) or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court

Roll of any Honour or Manor, (other than the Court Roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the Court

are entered and enrolled,) the Sum of three Shillings: l u

Any Copy of any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estate, not being

Copyhold, which shall pafsby Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pals

by Deed (except such Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estates as shall not exceed the clear Yearly Value of

twenty Shillings,) the Sum of three Shillings: , k

Transfer of

Stock.

Writs for levy-

ing Fines, Sec.

Appeal from the

Courts of Ad-

miralty, &c.

Answer in

Courts of Ad-

miralty, & c.

Any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation, (except the Companies of the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the Governor and Coippany of Merchants of Great

Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America^ and for encouraging the FisheryJ the Sum of

ten Shillings:

Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine, or any Writ of Entry for fuftering a common Recovery, the

Sum of fifteen Shillings:

Any Appeal from the Courts of Admiralty either in England or Scotland\ the Court of Arches, or the

Preiogative Courts of Canterbury or York> the Sum of six Pounds:

Any Answer exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the Sum of three Shillings:

u Any

