218

Lenses signed by

a Mark of Set-

tlers on Lands

purchaftd by the

British Society,

and witnessed

by the Miniiter,

4fcc. valid*

Two Justices

may determine

tCaufes not ex

ceedirg 40L

Scots.

How Caufts

shall be pro.

feeded upon.

Warrant to au-

thorize Wit-

neflcsto befum-

moned for

Plaintiff and

Defender.

Witnesses rot

appearing at \lie

first or adjourn-

Meeting,

I-Me toPenaliy.

C. 121.

Anno tricesimo quinto G e o r g i i III. A.D. 1795,

— ^ « w

4 Leases, renewable for ever, to such Persons as are inclined to settle there and to build Houses, with a View

4 of carrying on the said Fisheries : And whereas many of the Settlers have not been taught to write, and

4 cannot sign and execute legal and effectual Counterparts of such Leases otherwise than according to the

4 Formalities required by the Law of Scotland in the Cafe of Persons who cannot write, which are, that

c two Notaries Public and four Witnesses shall be present when such Perions do affix their Mark to any

4 Deed or obligatory Writing, and should attest the fame, and that, from the great Didance of such Places

4 from the residence of any Notaries Public, great Expence and Delays have arisen, and must arise, in

4 signing such Leases, which has retarded and must retard the Progress of such V illages be it therefore en-

abled, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Settlers in any of

the Villages erected or to be erected on any Lands purchased by the British Society for the Purposes afore-

said, to Tign with their respective Marks if they cannot write, in the Pi efence of the Resident Minister of

the nearest Church to such Settlement, and of two Elders of such Church, who shall attest the fame, or in

the Presence of the Sheriff Substitute, or of any justice of Peace, of the respe&ive Counties, and of two

attest the fame,instead of two Notaries and four Witnesses*, and that

such Elders, who shall in like Manner

all Leases so signed by a Mark by the said Settlers, and jittefted in Manner aforesaid, shall be as ^binding

tnd

and eft'ectual in Law, as if the same had been signed in the Prelence of two Notaries and four Witnesses, am

that no Objection shall lie again®: the Validity of such Leases on Account of their being renewable for ever*

any Law or Usage of Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXUI.

An A & for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining

Small causes, arising out of Perlonal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland.—[26th June 1795.]

X^TIEREAS an easy, expeditious, and cheap Method of recovering Small Debts, and determining

c * Small causes, arising out of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, would be of great Advantage in the Administration of Justice, particularly to the lower Ranks

4 of People :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament act'embled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful

and competent for any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, within their respective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try, and determine, as shall appear to

them agreeable to Equity and good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them concerning

the Recovery of Debts, and the determining of Small causes, or making effectual any Demand arising out

of Personal Contract or Obligation ; provided always, that the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value

of Forty Pounds Scotsy exclusive of Costs, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly after men-

tioned. .•

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such causes shall proceed upon Petition or

Complaint, stating shortly the Cause or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender ; which

Complaint, being signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or any Deputy by him appointed, or in case of his

failing to appoint, by a Clerk to be appointed within the respective Districts as herein-after mentioned, shall

be a Warrant for any Constable or Peace Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the

next Meeting of the Justices of Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender re-

fides, the fame not being sooner than fix Days after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning

Witnesses to the same Day and Place: Provided always, that a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint,

with the Citation annexed, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer to the Defender per Tonally, or

I - • |x I % • . - a /-» # , - f 0% || “ “

left at his Dwelling-house ; in which last Cafe, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a second

Time personally, or at his Dwelling-house, upon a new Warrant or Order, subjoined to the original Pe-

tition, and -JJgned by an

. JP

iy one Justice of the Peace, to appear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a

Meeting to be held by Adjournment for the Purpose, and nxed by the Justices at the said first Diet, which

tecond iVleeting not to be sooner than three Days from the Date of the fiift, or in Default, to be held as

eonfefling the Debt or Justice of the Demand ; and the Constable or Peace Officer shall in both Cafes return

an Execution of Citation, signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly

cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid.

f I

13

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the original Warrant, signed by the Justice of

Peace Clerk, or his Deputy, shall contain an Authority to the Officer to fumrnon Witnesses not only for the

Plaintiff or Pursuer, but also for the Defender, if the Officer shall at any Time before the Diet of Appear-

alice be required by the Defender to cite such Witnesses.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Witnesses cited either upon the one Past

or the other do not appear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Party

or Parties to apply for a new Warrant for compelling them to attend at the next stated or adjourned Meeting,

which Warrant may be signed by any one Justice of the Peace, and may require them to attend in order to

give Evidence, under the Penalty of twenty Shilling sterling, to be awarded by the Justice of Peace ill

Default of their Appearance, unless a reatouable Excule be offered and sustained, and to be recovered by the

Party at whose Instance they were cited, in the fame Form and Manner as is herein directed with regard to

other Sma-l Debts; or, in the Option of the Justices of Peace, to be irnpriloned for a certain Xime in the

County Prison, not exceeding ten Days.

Y* And

