\

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quin to Georgii III. C. 29. 67

same Manner, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are directed (with respect to the Articles of Admiralty to

War and former Acts relating to his Majesty’s Navy) by the A& of the thirty-second Year of King George be

the Third, intituled, An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non- delivered to

commifponed Officers of Marines, and Marines, firming, or who may have served on hoard any of his Majesty s Captains of

Shits* and refuting in Ireland. ’ Ships, to be

V read over with the Articles of War as directed by 33 Geo. 111. Cap. 67.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties, Stewartries,

Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the

Service of His Majesty’s Navy. [28th April 1795.]

c 1 T WHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, that the mod effcdlual Means should be adopted

for providing a speedy Supply of Men, to serve in his Majesty’s Navyf may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be levied within that Part ot Great Britain Men to ftrvr In

called Scotland, in the several Counties or Stewartries, and Royal Burghs and Towns herein-alter men- the Navy to be

tioned, such able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain, at such Times and in such i,uJ|wcot’

Manner as herein-after is directed 3 and that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act shall be Proportions

as follows; (that is to say,) . following.

For the County of Aberdeen, one hundred and forty-one.

For the City of Aberdeen, twenty-two.

For the Burgh of Kintore^ one. ‘ . 1

For the Burgh of Inver ury, one.

For the County of Ayr, sixty. > * loH

For the Burgh of Ayr, five. r BBS

For the Burgh of Irvine, two.

For the T own of Kilmarnocky eighteen. . -

For the County of Argyll\ ninety.

For the Burgh of Inver ary, two. 1

For the Burgh of Cambellton, two.

For the County of Bute^ eight. »jflj

For the Burgh of Rot If ay two. ~ fPp H

For the County of Berwick^ thirty-three. . .. - SSS39. 5? T

For the Burgh of Lauder two. > /

For the County of Banff, forty-seven.

For the Burgh of BanffJ seven.

For the Burgh of Cullen, one.

For the County of Caithnefsy twenty-three.

For the Burgh of IVick^ two.

For the Town of Thurfo, fix.

For the County of Cromarty, eight.

For the County of Clackmannan^ nine. ( M "

For the County of Dumfries, forty-one.

For the Burgh of Annany two.

For the Burgh of Dumfries, eleven.

For the Jiurgh of Lochmaben, one.

For the Burgh of Sanquhar, one. . (

. For the County of Dunbarton^ sixteen.

For the Burgh of Dunbarton, four.

For the County of Edinburgh, sixty.

For the City of Edinburgh, including the Liberties of Canoncate* Pleafar.cc, South and North

Leith, and Coalhilf sixty. . _ . 6

For the Town of Dalkeith, five. j 1 *

For the I'own of Musselburgh, live.:

For the County of Elgin, thirty-eight. - 1 I i P

For the Burgh of Eighty four. iiS -

For the Burgh of Forres^ two. (\

For the County of Fifey eighty-eight. 4 ft

For the Burgh of Cupar, lour. f < i

For the Burgh of Dunfermline, liven.

For the Burgh of Inverkeithing, one

For the Burgh of Bruntisland, two.

