A.D. 1795. Anno, tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 95.

been so directed to be paid on such Order or Orders, Bill or Bills, Certificate or Certificates, re-

fbe&'tvely, and as shall have been so paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his

Accounts. 5 *

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order, Bill, Remittance Bill, or Certi- No &c

ficate, that shall be made or drawn under the Authority of the Powers by this Act given, shall be subject or luble to Sump

liable to, or charged or chargeable with, any Stamp Duty, to which Bills of Exchange are by Law subject Uuty-

and liable, or any Stamp Duty whadbever j nor shall any Person or Persons receiving Payment of the Sum

or Sums of Money drawn for, mentioned, or specified, in such Orders, Bills, or Certificates, be bound or

obliged to give a stampt Receipt for the fame, but a Receipt or Acknowledgment of Payment, indorsed on

such Order, Bill, or Certificate, shall be held, deemed, and taken, as a sufficient Release and Discharee

for the fame, in all Cafes and Courts whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no No Bill* diawn

Bill or Bills of what Nature or Description soever, drawn purfuarrt to, or in the Execution of the Powers the Com-

and Authorities given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s l£i(n°ners of

Navy, or by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, or by the Commissioners for taking ontheT^!?*

care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, upon surer, liable to

and payable by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, shall be subject or liable to, or charged or chargeable Stamp Duty,

with, any Stamp Duty to which Bills of Exchange are by Law subject and liable, or any Stamp Duty what-

soever; nor shall any Person or Persons receiving Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money drawn for, men-

tioned, or specified in such Bill or Bills, be bound or obliged to give a stampt Receipt for the fame, but a

.Receipt, or Acknowledgment of Payment, indorsed on such Bill or Bills, shall be held, deemed, and taken

as a sufficient Release and Discharge for the fame in all Cafes and Courts whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes, from and after the passing of Remittance

this Act, where any RemituuKe Bill, or Ticket for the Payment of Money, is or shall be drawn or made BiUs* or 1 ic'

out pursuant to, and in the Execution of the Powers given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, and

directed for Payment to the Receiver General of the Land 'fax for the County of the City of London, or direct^To tht

for the County of Middlesex) or any County within the Bills of Mortality of the City of London, the fame Receiver of the

may be dircdlcd for Payment to the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy; and such Bill or Ticket may and Tax for

shall be paid and discharged by the Lid Treasurer of the Navy, and shall be allowed to him in the passing of Lond?n»*cc*

his Accounts, in the fame Way and Manner as if such Remittance Bill, or Ticket for the Payment of "theTrca- '^

Money, had been directed to, and paid by such Receiver General of the Land Tax, and afterwards repaid surer of the

to him by the said Treasurer of the Navy. Navy.

XXXIV. And belt further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall Perrons forging

/alfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be fallely made, forged, or counterfeited, or &c-Orders

willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any Order, Bill, Extract, or Certi- Rui,ry°ffc-

hc3te herein-before described or mentioned, or shall utter and publish as true, any false, forged, or coun- ony*

lerfeited Order, Bill, Extract, or Certificate herein before described or mentioned, knowing the fame to

be false, forged, or counterfeited, for the Purpose of defrauding the Public, or any Commissioned Officer,

Master, or Surgeon of the Navy, Widow, or other Person herein-before mentioned, of any Wages or Pay,

Half-Pay, pension, or Bounty, payable to them or any . of them respectively, every such Person, being

lawfully convicted thereof, according to due Courfeof Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall

suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Admiralty to

Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) shall direct direct the Com-

che Commissioners of xhe Navy to deliver sufficient Quantities of Blank Bills and Certificates herein be-

fore directed to be made, with iufficient Instructions relative to the fame, to all Captains and Commanders jciive?VBlahk

in the Royal Navy, and all other Persons to whom the fame arc or shall be necessary; and shall direct the pin*, &c. and*

Treasurer of the Navy to cause to be printed an Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations contained in the Treafbrer to

ibis Act, and to deliver or transmit a competent Number of Copies thereof to the principal Officers and C3ufe an A.b"

Commissioners of the Navy, to the Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of the Excise, in ^7 ! thu

England and Scotland) and to the Clerks of the Cheque in his Majesty’s Dock Yards, who are hereby strictly printed and

ordered and enjoined to hang up and affix the fame in some conspicuous Part of their rclpeftive Offices, transmitted to

and to publish and (promulgate the fame as much as may be; and the said Lord High Admiral of Great the principal

Britain, or Commissioners (or executing the Office of Lotd High Admiral of Great Britain, are furrher O®c«rsof the

directed to cause a competent Number of Copies of the said Abstract to be delivered to the Captain or Com- £avy* &c.'10

mander of every Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl’ors, for the Use of the AthSralty1to

/aid Ship or Vessel. cause All tract 5 to be delivered to Captain*.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to enable Boatfwains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in Mis Majesty’s Navy,

to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

.* [226 June 1795.]

4 \XHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Atf to enable Petty 35 Coo. m

4 vV Officer 1 in the Navy, and Scamcn} Nm-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines)Jerving in CaP- *8, rt-

4 hit Majestf s Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their JVives and Families: And Ciud>

4 whereas it is reasonable that the Provisions in the said Act contained be extended to Boatfwains, Gunners.

35 G&o. IIL Aa 4 and

