84

C. 35.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Allowances to

be paid without

DeduOion.

Subalterns not

attending when

called upon, to

forfeit their

Claim to the

Allowance.

Allowances to

be paid by the

Receivers Ge-

neral on Pro-

duction of Cer-

tificates.

Subalterns may

receive the Pay

for attending

Annual Exer-

cife 5

but not entitled

to Allowance

while the Mili-

tia is embodied.

Allowance not

to extend to

Corps belong, according to the Directions of this A d; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary

hereof not with (landing. ' A 9i

VI. And be it further enacted, That, upon such Certificates as aforesaid, of such fuftice of the Peace

and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment or Corps of Militia mall not have been

called out to their Annual Exercise as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only,

being produced to or received by the respective Receivers General of the Land Tax, it shall and may be

lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern

Officers, according to their respective Com millions of Lieutenant or Ensign, the Annual Allowance above-

mentioned, ir Addition to their Pay, without any Deductton whatsoever, out of any Public Monies in their

Hands, and to charge the fame in their respective Annual Accounts of Money disbursed for the Use of the

Public; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for

the Payments from Time to Time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be

entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Corps

to which they belong, whenever the fame shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service; and in case

of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer shall a second Time

neglect or refuse to attend and perform his Duty at the Annual Exercise as before directed, each and every

such Subaltern Officer shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said Annual Allowance, and every Part thereof,

in all Time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commission

and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons

respectively entitled thereto by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, upon the Production of the before-

mentioned several Certificates, as soon after the Times of the Annual Exercise and Training as may be.

convenient and pradicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of it, from receiving the Pay

allowed by Law for his Attendance at such Annual Exercise as before-mentioned, over and above the said

Annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said Annual Allowance, or any Part thereof,

during the Time the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual

Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend

or be construed to extend, to more than ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more then ten.

Companies; to more than nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than eight and less than

eleven Companies; to more than eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than fix and less

than nine Companies; to more than five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, confiding of

fix or of a less Number of Companies.

certain

Senior Lieu-

tenants to have

the Preference,

and the Junior

to succeed on

Vacancies.

26 Geo. IIK

Cap. 107, re-

cited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion; or Corps of the Militia at the

Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants coming’within

the Descriptions of this Act than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof within the true Intent and

Meaning of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred and

shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above-mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior

Lieutenants shall succeed to such Allowances in Rotation as V acancies may happen among the said Senior

Lieutenants, from Time to l ime.

X. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, anil reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

4 Mi/itiay in that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, that the Lieutenant of any County

Riding, or Place, together with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or

in the Absence of any such Lieutenant, any five or more Deputy Lieutenants, may, at the End of every

4 five Years, at their Annual Meetings to be holden as in the said Act mentioned, in case the Militia of such

4 County, Riding, or Place shall not be then embodied, discharge a certain Number of Officers for the

4 Purposes, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is not expedient that the Powers

4 so given by the said recited Act should extend to Subaltern Officers coming within the Descriptions, and

4 entitled to the Benefits of this Act;’ be it therefore enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited

Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants

of any County, Riding, or Place, to discharge any such Subaltern Officers as are or may be entitled to the

Benefits of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or any of them.

Powers of re-

cited AO, for

difcltarging '

Officers at the

End of every

five Years, not

to extend to the

Subalterns entitled to Benefits under this AO.

Continuance

vf AO.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of Mauh

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-iix, and no ionccr.

