23

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 9.

For the Port of Malden, ninety-four Men.

For the Port of Alilford, seventy Men.

For the Port of Minehead, eighteen Men.

For the Port of Newcastle, one thousand two hundred and forty Men.

For the Port of Newhaven, seventeen Men.

For the Port of Padjlow, nineteen Men. -

For the Port of Penrhyn, eleven Men.

For the rort of Penxance, thirty-five Men. >

For the Port of Plymouth, ninety-six Men.

For the Port of Poole, two hundred and seventy-nine Men.

For the Port of P ortfmouth, seventy-five Men.

For the Ports of Poulton and Preston, seventeen Men.

For the Port of Rochester, one hundred and thirty-four Men.

For the Port of Rye, ninety Men. ;

For the Port of Saint Ives, thirty-one Men.

For the Port of Sandwich, seventy-four Men.

For the Port of Scarborough, two hundred and seventy-five Men.

For the Port of SciUy, three Men.

For the Port of Shoreham, twenty-eight Men.

For the Port of Southampton, one hundred and thirty-three Men.

For the Port of Stockton, seventy-three Men.

For the Port of Sunderland, six hundred and sixty-nine Men.

For the Port of Southwold, twenty-one Men.

For the Port of Swanjea, eighty-nve Men.

For the Port of Truro, eleven Men.

For the Port of JVells, fifty Men.

For the Port of Weymouth, one hundred and thirty-nine Men*

For the Port of Whitehaven, seven hundred Men.

For the Port of Whitby, five hundred and seventy-three Men.

For the Port of Wisbeach, nineteen Men*

For the Port of JVoodbrid^e, eighteen Men.

For the Port of Yarmouth, five hundred and six Men.

For the Port of Aberdeen, two hundred and nineteen Men.

For the Port of Ayr, thirty-three Men.

For the Port of Alloa, ninety-five Men. '

For the Port of Anjlruther, fifty-three Men.

For the Port of Borrojlonefs, one hundred and fifty-five Men.

For the Port of Cambeltowt., one hundred and twenty-five Men*

For the Port of Dumfries, seventeen Men.

For the Port of Dunbar, thirty-eight Men.

For the Port of Dundee, one hundred and thirty-nine Men.

For the Port of Fort William, eleven Men.

For the several Ports of Clyde, comprehending Glasgow, Greenock, and Port Glasgow, fix hun-

dred and eighty-three Men.

For the Port of lnvernefs, forty Men.

For the Port of Irvine, one hundred and thirty-one Men.

For the Port of I fie Martin, fix Men.

For the Port of Kircaldy, one hundred and thirty-six Men.

For the Port of Kircudbright, nineteen Men.

For the Port of Kirkwall, thirty-one Men.

For the Port of Leith, two hundred and six Men.

For the Port of Lerwick, fix Men.

For the Port of Montrose, one hundred and seven Men.

For the Port of Oban, twenty Men.

For the Port of Perth, thirty-two Men.

For the Port of Port Patrick, nine Men.

For the Port of Preston Pans, three Men.

For the Port of Rothfay, one hundred and sixty-eight Men.

For the Port of Stornaway, fifty-two Men.

For the Port of Stranrawer, twenty-five Men.

For the Port of Thurfo, twelve Men.

For the Port of Tobermoray, five Men: And;

For the Port of IVigton, twenty-five Men.

‘ \ . i ?

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any able-bodied Every able-

Seamm shall be accepted by the Commissioners acting for any such Port, and approved of by the Regulating bodied Seaman

Officer Officers appointed for such Service, every such able-bodied Seaman shall be taken and eltimated approved, to be

to be equal to and in lieu of two able-bodied Men, and shall and may be computed as such in theinstrument «ftimated equal

VL r to two aide- I

I - 0 bodied Muv

