797

tricesimo sept

C.97.

589

• • a

in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs and Excise,

hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all

and every the said Act, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures,

were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVII. ‘And whereas, by the said fifteenth Article of the Treaty before mentioned, it is further agreed,

that the British Government does reserve to itself the Right of imposing on American Vessels entering into

u S^orts jn Europe, a Tonnage Duty equal to that which shall be payable by British) Vessels in

the Ports of America: And whereas it is thought expedient for the present to exercise the Power reserved

in the said Article so far only as relates to imposing a I onnage Duty on American Ships entering the

1 orts of hi5 Majesty’s Dominions in Europe, equal to the Excess of the Duty payable in the Ports of the

United States by British^ Ships, beyond that which is payable by American Ships entering the lame Ports;*

be it therefore enabled, I hat, from and after the filth Day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, a I onnage Duty, at and after the Rate of two Shillings of good and lawful Money

u I°r each and every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of

the United States of America, cominz or arriving within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, and that

the I onnage of every such Ship or Vessel shall, in case of any Doubt or Dispute as to the fame, be afeer-

tamed by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner directed by an A£ passed in the twenty-sixth Year of

Ins present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Afl for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be’lawful to and for

•p and detain every Ship or Vessel liable to the Pay-|

foresaid : and in case Pavmpnt thereof shall not he

J r , p r \ t km * 1----- • r •w • «nv»iv wa iajuu iiul uw>

made for the Space ol three Calendar Months after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port in this

Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England

and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Marts,

Apparel, and I* urmture, to be sold publicly, to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first,

to the Charges that shall anse by such Detention and Sale, next, to the said Duty imposed by this Act, and

the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorized by such

Proprietor to receive the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed

shall be paid into the Hands of the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, at the respective Ports or Places

where such Duty shall become due and payable, and such Duty shall be under the Management of the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XX. And, to the Intent that the said Duty may be answered and paid, be it further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, 1 hat no Officer of his Majesty’s Customs whatever, or his Deputy or Clerk, at any of

the said Ports or Places in Great Britain, where such Duty shall become due and payable, shall, from and

after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, take or receive any Entry

Outwards, Cocquct, or Report Outwards, for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to the said Duty, nor

shall such Ship or Vessel be fuftered or permitted to depart from any such Port or Place, until the said Duty

shall be paid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors or other principal Officers

of his Majesty’s Customs, authorized to receive the same, and until the respective Master or Owner of any

such Ship or Vessel, subjedto the Payment of such Duty, shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for

the fame. . r

XXL And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and

additional Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary- Charges of railing and accounting for the

fame respedivdy excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exche-

quer at Westmihfttr, and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Con-

dictated Fund.

XXII. ‘ And whereas, by the thirteenth Article of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Naviea-

‘ tien, between his Britannic Majesty and the United Slates of America, it is, among other Things pro-

‘ v«led, that the Vessels belonging to the Citizens of the United States of America shall be admitted and

* hospitably received in all the Sea Ports and Harbours of the British Territories in the EaJ) Indies and

‘ that the Citizens of the said United States may freely carry on a Trade between the said Territories and the

* United States in all Articles of which the Exportation or Importation respetfwely, to or from the said

Territories, shall not be entirely prohibited ; and it is further provide^, that the said Trade shall be carried

‘ on under the Regulations contained in the said Article; and it is expressly agreed that the Vessels of the

‘ United States shall not carry any of the Articles exported by them from the said British Territories to any

4 Port or Place, except to some Port or Place in America where the fame shall be unladen, and that such

‘ Regulations shall be adopted by both Parties, as shall from Time to Time be found necessary to enforce

' the due and faithful Observance of the above recited Stipulation be it therJfore enacted, That it shall and

l2ay ,beSl“Ps belonging to the Citizens of the United States to carry on the said Trade to the

British I erritories in the Eoji Indies, and to import into, and export from, the said Territories, all Articles

of which the Importation or Exportation respectively, to or from the said Territories, shall not be entirely

ohibited, in the Manner, and with the Privileges and Advantages, and subject to the Restrictions and

egulations contained and expressed in the said thirteenth Article of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce,

mi ; and

S

From Jan. 5.

179S, 2 s. per

Ton to he paid

for American

Vfcflels arriving

within the Li-

mits of any

Fort in Great

Britain.

* Cap. 60. § iZf

*3> *4-

Officers of the

Customs may

detain Vessels

liable to the Du-

ty, and if not

paid in three

Months they

may be fold.

Tonnage Duty

to be paid to tht

Officer at the

Fort, &c.

No Officer to

receive any En-

try- Outwards

until a Receipt

be fficwnJiim

for the said Ton*

nage Duty.

butics to be

paid into the

Exchequer, ant

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

The United

States may trad*

to the British

Territories in

the Halt Indies,

agreeably to

Article XIII. ol

the Treaty.

[ Netivit brand-

ing Slat. 12 Car,

2. c. 28. and tU

ether Navigation

