w

A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. *C. 16.

^ f . *

of this Act, shall be ifluedor set apart out of the Consolidated Fund during the Term herein mentioned,

in the same Manner as if such Principal or Capital Stock had not been redeemed, and shall be paid to

the Paid Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ to be placed to the Account of the said

Commissioneis; and the fame shall from Time to Time be applied by them under the like Rules and

Regulations, and in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty,^ with respect to the Sums redeemed by virtue of the said Act; and that all and

every the Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, which in and by the said Act of the twenty-

sixth Year aforesaid are provided and established for applying, managing, or accounting for the Sums

veiled in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said A<St, shall be practised, used, and put in

Execution in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all Sums of Money directed to be

placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the,

fame had been repeated and re-enacted in this present ACt; and that after the Determination of this ACt,

such Dividends as shall be payable in respect of the Public Annuities redeemed by virtue of this ACt,

shall remain in the Consolidated Fund, and shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes which the Monies

composing the Consolidated F und may be applicable to.

Cl. And be it furrher enaCted, That upon the Purchase by the said Commissioners appointed for the

Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Monies to arise* by virtue of this ACt, of Public Annui-

ties, to the Amount of the Annuities which may be created on the Loan of the said Sum, not exceeding

eight Millions as aforesaid, and upon Publication thereof in the Manner hereinafter directed, the said

Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid

or payable; and all the Rules and Regulations of this ACt, respecting the said respoCtive additional

Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall also from thenceforth cease and determine; save and except as to

the Recovery of any Arrears of the said respective additional Rates and Duties which may at that l ime

have accrued, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which may have been then incurred; save also

and except as to the Provisions of this ACt, relating to the Dividends which shall be payable in respect

to the Public Annuities redeemed by virtue of this ACt.

Cl I. And be it further enaCted, That as soon as any Public Annuities to the Amount aforesaid

shall be purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, out of the Monies

arising by this ACt, the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer shall, and he is hereby di-

rected and required to transmita Certificate thereof to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High

Treasurer for the Time being, who shall thereupon ifloe their or his Orders to the said Commissioners

for the Affairs of Taxes, to direct the Commissioners for putting this ACt in Execution, and the feve-

ral Surveyors, InspeCtors, Assessors, and Collectors aCting under them respectively, to cease from

charging any further Rate or Duty for or on Account of the said additional Rates and Duties by this

ACt imposed, and to cease from collecting any additional Rate or Duty,before charged by virtue of this

ACt, except Arrears of the said Rate or Duty grown due or payable before the Date of such Orders ;

and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Faxes are hereby required to cause public Notice of such

Order to be given to them as aforesaid, to be affixed in their Office, and at the Royal Exchange, and

also to pubiilh the fame in the London Gazette, before the Day fixed for the Determination of the

said respective additional Rates and Duties, and such Notice shall be deemed to be a sufficient Publica-

tien of the Determination of the said additional Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this ACt; and the Commissioners for putting this ACt in Execution, and all Surveyors,

InspeCtors, Afleftors, and Collectors, and other Officers aCting under them, are hereby required to act

in obedience thereto. .*

CIO. And be it further enaCted, That if, after applying the Monies to be raised by virtue of this ACt

to the several Purposes aforesaid, any Sum of Money so arising should be in the said Receipt of the

Exchequer, the fame shall remain for the Dispolition of Parliament, and shall not be applied otherwise

than as Parliament shall direct. • •

CIV. And be it further enaCted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby

imposed, shall, if sued for within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties

or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majerfty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within

the T ime aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at

IVrftminster, for Offences committed in England\ or in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scot-

land, for Offences committed in Scotland, by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein

no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but never-

thelcfs it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or his Majesty’s Advocate

in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred

without any Intention of Fraud, to flay all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or other-

wife, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or In-

formers, as to the Share thereoff belonging to his Majpefty,

CV. And be it further enaCted, That if any ACtion or Suit shall be brought against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this ACt, such ACtion or Suit shall be commenced

within six Months next after the FaCt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County

or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants

.in

7°9

Att, to be applied In Reduction

of the National Debt, as under

26 Geo. 3. C.31.

The Duties hereby imposed to

cease, upon the Furchafc of

Annuities to the An ount cre-

ated by the Lean of 8,oooo,ooooi.

and on Publication thereof, as

diretted in § 10a.

As soon as Annuities to the said

Amount shall be purchased, the

Auditor of the Exchequer to

transmit a Certificate to the

Treasury, who shall order* the

Commissioners to cease from

charging the Duties under this

Att; of which the Commis-

sioners shall give public Notice

on the ’Change, and in the Ga-

zette. See.

Any Surplus in the Exchequer

to remain at the Disposition of

Parliament.

Application and Recovery of

Penalties.

Attorney General may flay Pro-

ceedings in certain Cafes.

Limitation of Attions:

