712

III.

C. 16, 17. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

FORM to be used by Appellants in declaring their Proportion of the Duty to their

Income.

I, (A. B.) do declare. That the Amount of my annual Income, [or9 if the Decoration [hall he made by*

Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or by a Steward or Agent, then, L (C. Z>.) of-Guardian,

Tutor, Curator, Committee, Steward, or Agent, as the Cafe may be, of A* B. of —— (or as the Cafe may

be)i do declare, that the Amount of the annual Income of the said A. £.], estimated according to the

Rules and Directions prescribed by an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the Third, doth not exceed the Sum of - which Estimate I have made ac-

cording to the said Directions and Rules, to the heft of my Knowledge and Belief, having made from

the said Income no other Deductions than such as are specified in the Schedule annexed to the said Act*

Signed

We whose Names are under-written, do testify that the

Signature of-----is of his proper Hand-writing,

and that the fame was written in our Presence. u *'♦ i|.r* iMr;

e. f. of • , wm

g.h. of ' . . a H

IV. FORM of the Oath to be made by any Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or by

any Steward or Agent, making a Declaration on the Behalf of any Infant, or absent or

incapacitated Person, or any Body Corporate or Politic.

I. C. D, do fwe3r. (or being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm). That I have acted as

■ — for A, B. of----- for the Space of --- and that I am well acquainted with the

annual Income of the said A. B. which annual Income is truly stated in the Declaration hereunto an-

- nexed, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. •' So help me GOD.

• CC. 3. 22'

Persons enrolled

in the Supple-

mentary Militia

may be enlisted

into such of his

Majesty’s other

Forces as he

shall appoint.

On Production

of Certificate of

any such Militia

Man having so

enltfted, he

/hall be dif-

char^ from

the Militia, and

no Man shall be

ballotted for in

His Room.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of

the Men, raised in pursuance of two Acts of the last Session of Parliament* for aug-

menting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty’s other Forces, and to serve until fix

Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace—[12th January 1798.]

4 WHEREAS by two several Acts, passed in the last Srffion of Parliament, for providing an Aug-

4 VV mentation to the Militia, a certain Number of Men were directed to be raised in the several

4 Counties, Ridings, and Places, in England, in the said Acts mentioned, to serve as a Supplementary

4'Force of Militia: And whereas it is expedient, at the present Crisis, to permit a certain Proportion

4 of Men, raised under the Authority of the said Acts, in each County, Riding, or Place, to enter

4 voluntarily into his Majesty’s other Forces, within the Time hereinafter mentioned May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for any Officer, Serjeant,

or other Person, thereunto authorized by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Land Forces, at any

Time during the Continuance of the present War, until the Number of Men allowed by this Act to been-

lifted out of the Men raised for each County, Riding, or Place as aforesaid, shall be completed, to enlist any

Person enrolleddn the Supplementary Militia, raised determined by virtue of the said Acts, who is willing, and shall ap-

pear fit for Service, into any Regiment of his Majesty’s other Forces, which his Majesty shall, by any

Order under his Royal Sign Manual, appoint to be recruited in that Manner ; and every such Officer, Ser-

jeant, or other Person aforesaid, enlisting such Militia Man, and every such Militia Man entering to serve,

or offering to serve in any such Regiment of his Majesty’s said other Forces, shall be freed and dif-

charged from all Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures whatever, incurred by Reason of such enlisting, enter-

ing, or offering to serve as aforesaid ; any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of any Certificate, under the Hand of any

Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, of any-such Militia Man having voluntarily entered himself as afore-

laid, (which Certificate every such Justice or Magistrateis hereby directed to give gratis,) to the Lieutenant

of any County, Riding, or Place, where such Militia Manfo enlisting was raised toierve, or to any three

Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, by the Officer, Serjeant, or other Person recruit-

ing as aforesaid, the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants respectively shall cause the Militia Man named

in such Certificate to be discharged from such Supplementary Militia ; and the Certificate of the Number of

Men to be raised to the Supplementary Militia for any County, Riding, or Place, filed by the Clerk of the

Peace of such County, Riding, or Place, shall be amended, by (hiking out such Number of Menas shall

be

/

