A.D. 1797

tricesimo sept

95

583

tioned, arc required to take out Certificates of their Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the Courts

therein mentioned, annually, ten Days at least before the Expiration of the former Certificate, have ne-

4 glefled or omitted so to do, through Absence or some unavoidable Accident, and without any Intention

some

3y the King’

iporal, and C

be lawful for

Ma

prel

shall have neglected or omitted to take out his Certificate at the Time or in the Manner required by the said

Act, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to take out a Certificate, or to pay to

the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties, or to some Officer appointed by him, such Sum and

Sums of Money which shall appear to be due in respect of the Duty imposed by the said Act; and after

that Rate for such Year or Years, or for such Portion or Portions of l ime greater or less than a Year, for

or during which such Person shall have neglected or omitted to take out his Certificate (the Amount of

which Sum and Sums so to be paid shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners of his Majesty *s

Stamp Duties, or by some Person or Persons to be appointed by them under their Hands, or the Hands of

any three or more of them, who are hereby authorized and required to ascertain and settle the fame accord-

ingly) > an<l every such Person shall, upon Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money, be and is hereby

indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities,

incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any NegledI or Omission previous to the passing of this A&, of

^: ‘1 Hi mm'L ' ' hM " ’ ' t'

Persons who

have neglected

to take out

Certificates as

required by re-

cited Act, may

take them out

within three

Months after

passing this

Act, and shall

be indemnified,

bad obtained his Certificate according to the Directions of the said A<t; and that all Proceedings in any

Action or Actions already commenced for any Neglect or Omission of taking out or obtaining such Certifi-

cate, shall, in the mean Time, be (laid, and shall not be further proceeded in after the said Period of three

Calendar Months, against any Person who shall have paid the Duty in the Manner before directed; and no

A£Iion or Actions shall be commenced or prosecuted for such Neglect or Omission, until after the Expira-

tien of the said three Calendar Months, and then only against such Person or Persons who shall neglect to

comply with the Provisions of this Act. commenced after the said three Months, against Persons j

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be

construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom fina

the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety- , # # __________w # wiftMll uu,

Courts of Record, for any Penalty or Penalties incurred by having neglected or omitted to obtain his Certi- judgment fliaQ

ficate according to the Directions of the said Act. have been given by June, i, 17^7-

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a Public Act; Public Act.

and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without fpc-

cially pleading the same. , " ,

% I CAP. XCIV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards takeny

cured, and exported—[22d June 1797.]

“ 31 Geo. 3. c. 45. continued to June 24, 1&05.”

any

Actions com-

menced for fads

Neglect to be

staid, and not

further pro-

ceeded in; and

no Action to be

CAP. XCV.

in A ft to amend two Acts, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne> and the

first Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of Salmon and other

Fish in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.— [22c! June 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act for the Encrease and better Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Fivers

within the Counties ^Southampton and Wilts; which Act was altered and amended by another Act made

in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better

preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, and for the better Preservation

of the Fry of Fish, and for the giving Leave to import Lobflers and Turbots in Foreign Bottoms, and for the

better Preservation of Salmon, within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England: And

whereas the Periods limited by the said last recited Act for taking Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind,

or Bouges, (otherwise called Sea Trouts,) in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and fVHts,oc

offering the fame to Sale, have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries

in the said Counties, and further Provision is necessary for the better Preservation of the Spawn, Fry, or

Young Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, and Salmon Kind in the Rivers within the said Counties :* May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

4 Anns, c. 21.

and

1 Geo. 1. c. 18.

recited.

