A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 23

25

4 prevents an industrious Poor Person from receiving such occasional Relief as is best suited to the peculiar

4 Cafe of such Poor Person, and inasmuch as in certain Cafes it holds out Conditions of Relief injurious to

the Comfort and domestic Situation and Happiness of such Poor Persons :* Be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament afrembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the.

passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Overseeror Overseers of any Parish, Town, Town-

ship, or Place, with the Approbation of the Parishioners, or the Majority of them, in Vestry or other usual

Place of Meeting assembled, or with the Approbation in Writing of any of his Majesty’s Justice or Justices

of the Peace usually acting in and for the respective District, to distribute and pay Collection and Relief to

any industrious Poor Person or Persons* at his* her* or their Homes. House or Houses, under certain Cir-

and m certain Cafes respecting fucHFoor Person, or his, her, or

cumttances or temporary

their Family, or respecting the Situation, Health, or Condition of any Poor House or Poor Houses, in any

Parish, Town, Township, or Place, wherein a House or Houses shall have been or shall be so hired, btiilt,

or purchased, and a Contract made with any Person or Persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and em-

ploy ing, janyjarat^oo^to j^cefve Cc^<5fiono^ such Poor Person

or rerfonsTRall refuse to be lodged, kept, and maintained^ within fucFTTIoufe or Houses; any Thing in the

ing. any or an roor renons wnojna_____ ______^

or persons TRall refuse to be lodged, kept, ancHna in tamed, within

said Act passed in the ninth Year of his Majesty King George the First to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any his

*s Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, or Place, usually acting in and for

the District wherein the fame shall be situated, at his or their just and proper Discretion, to direct and order

Collrdiion and Relief to any industrious Poor Person or Persons, and he, she, or they shall be entitled to alk

and to receive such Relief at his, her, or their Homes, House or Houses, in any Parish, Town, Township,

or Place, notwithstanding any Contract shall have been or shall be made with any Person or Persons for

lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any and all Too rt Persons in a House

Purpose hired or purchased, and the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, for such

' V ~ I

III. Provided always. That the special Cause, as hereinbefore mentioned, of ordering and diredling Col-

Parish,

given b

Town, Township, or Place, are required and directed to obey and perform such Order for Relief

any justice or Justices as aforesaid.

le&ion or Relief to any Poor Person or Persons, at his, her, or their Homes, House or Houses, be aligned

and written on each Order for Relief given and directed by any Justice or Justices as aforesaid: and pro-

vided always that such Order be given for, and do remain in force for a Time not to exceed one Month from

the Date of such Order: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices as aforesaid to

make any further Order for the fame or like Purpose, for any further Time not exceeding one Month from

the Date of such Order, and so on from Time to Time, as the Occasion shall require, such Justice or Juf-

tices first administering an Oath as to the Need and Cause of such Relief in each of the above Cafes, and

thereon summoning the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Township, or Place, to be

charged with such Relief, to shew Cause why such Poor Person or Persons should not receive such Relief in

Manner as by Law provided in Cafes where no Contract for lodging, keeping, and maintaining the Poor,

shall as aforesaid have been made. “——— — “

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed adeemed, or taken to extend, to authorize, empower, or enable, any Overseer or Overseers, or any

Justice or Justices o*f the Peace as aforesaid, to direct or order todistribute and pay, or to be distributed and paid,

any Collection or Relief to any Poor Person or Persons, at his, her, or their Homes, House or Houses, as

aforesaid, in any. Parish, Town, Township, or Place, in orjor which any House of Industry, or other Place

forthc Reception and Provision ofjhePoor thereof, hath been alreidyeredlcd or provided, or shall hereafter

ereHed or provided, by and under the^Authority or DireZIions ofarTAdt, passed in the twenty-second Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, or

under the Authority or Directions of any special Act of Parliament or Law already passed for such Parish,

Town, 7'ownship, or Place, and now in force for that Purpose; but that in every such Cafe all such last-

mentioned Poor Person or Persons shall be provided for and relieved in such and the same Manner as before

283

Overseers, with

the Approba -

tien of the Pa-

rtihioners orany

Justice, may

relieve Poor

Persons at their

own Homes.

Justices may

order Relief to

Poor Persons at

their own

Homes.

Cause of orders

ing such Relief

to be assigned

on the Order of

the Justice,

Not to extend

to Places where

Houses of In-

duftry are pro-

vided under zz

Gto. HI. Cap.

8 3, or under any

special Act.-

tbc making and passing this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act.

Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom*,

soever, without fptdally pleading the same.

I i % .4 " tjl* a Jp r £ if *

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters-.

[24th December 1795.J

eL>'- ^ ‘.CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand JunSlion Canal to finish and complete the

fame, and the several Cuts, and other Works, authorized to be made and done by them, by virtue of

several Acts of Parliament.—[24th December 1795*3

“ The Preamble recites Act 33 Geo. III. C. 80. 34-Gii.TIL C. 24. 3$ Geo. III. C. 8. C. 43. C, 85.

14 Company empowered to raise a further Sum, not exceeding 225,000 /. Calls for Money not to exceed

V, Shillings on each Half Share, nor be made at a less Distance than three Months. Power

1 'he Money by Mortgage, or by Annuities \ and to collect additional RateSr Conveyance by

44 Lords -

