764

C. 48, 49, 50. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798,

Ton so acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act without being qualified as aforesaid,

the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person against whom the said Action shall be brought, and it shall

be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove that the Defendant hath acted as such Commissioner.

/ II. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in this present Section of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting

- - * 4 an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raijed 'in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear one thou-

Jandseven hundred and ninety-eight, it is amongst other 'Things enacted, 1 hat no Persons shall be capable

" * " *1 A or arry of the Powers, therein contained, in or

w u ^ ^ i tu At ® M m

to Qualifications

of Commission-

er$, recited.

and repealed.

No Person to

aft as a Coni-

mi kroner for any

County in Eng-

land or Wales,

(except certain

Counties,) or

for any Riding

in Yorkfliirc,

unless qualified

as herein men-

tioned.

of acting as

for any County at

Com mi flioncrinjta Execution of the said

thin En

ominion of JVcu

ounties of Merioneth, Cardigan,

ivm 11 y 1 y uk 1 u 1 v* 1 vuni eojj Lyon* nnvii y * - - — —--- —----- » — —o

Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted,) or in or for any of

the Ridings of the County of ?V/*, unless such Person be seised or possessed in the same County or Riding,

of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments o

own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Lea

ot one nundrei

un

and other Kelervations, payable out of or in relpect or luc

ol

s per Annunis or more, of his

irountl Kerns. Incumbrances,

ates which were taxed and did

pay by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for

granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the■ Service oj the Tear one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven Be it enacted, That the above recited Clause shall be, and the

fame is hereby repealed. * ‘ / • r V

III. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of

the said Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, in or Tor any County at large within England, the Do-

minion of Wales, (the Counties of Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Aiontgomcry, Pembroke,

Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted,) or in or for any of the Ridings of the County of York, unless such

Person be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Value of one hundred

Pounds Per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over and above

round Rents, Incumbrances^and otfier Kelervations, payable out of or 111 relpect of the fame, or un-

lefsfuch Person be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be seised or possessed of a like Estate of the Value

of three hundred Pounds per Annum, one Moiety of which said

required as Qualifications shall

be ntuate within such respective County or Ki

or which such Person is appointed a Corn-

Public Act.

t ... - "t- S' A

IV. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act,

and be judicially taken Notice of such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without

the fame being specially pleaded. r * <L " 0*

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in

Trusteesand their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the

Crown in respectof any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws

relating to Mortmain.—[«6th May 1798.] i

[See the Stat. 34 Geo. III. Cap. 78. for making a Canalfrom the C alder Navigation to the Duke of Bridg-

water’.? Canalr. ] v-

. ; CAP., L.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and

until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing

Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom> or resident therein, in certain

Cafes.—[id June 1798.]

33 Geo. 3. c. 4. 4 \ \ 7 HERE AS by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Art

fccited. 4 V V for flablishing Reg u la tio ns*ref pert ing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom. or resident therein, in certain

c Cafes, in consequence of the Number of Persons, not being natural-born Subjects of his Majesty, or De-

4* nizens, or Persons naturalized by Act of Parliament, who had then lately re (or ted to this kingdom, and

4 the Danger which it was apprehended might arise to the public Tranquillity, from the Resort and Rest-

4 dence of Aliens, under the Circumstances then existing, unless due Provision should be made in respect

4 thereof, divers Provisions were made respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, and resident

4 therein ; which Act has been continued by fiiblequent Acts until the first Day of July, one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and runety-nine: And whereas the Refuge and Asylum which, on Grounds

4 of Humanity and Justice, have been granted to Persons flying from the Oppression and Tyranny

4 exercised in France, and in Countries invaded by the Armies of Francey or under their Power or

4 Controul, may, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his

4 Majesty’s Reign, be abuled by Persons coming to this Kingdom for Purposes dangerous to the In-

4 tcrefts and Safety thereof; and the general indu.gence to Aliens resorting to this Country may also be

4 abused by Persons not within the Proyiiions of the said Act 3 and it is therefore necessary to make further

"IE ’ i ‘ ? Provision*.

