A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 89.

895

in such Notice the Day when such Salt was delivered, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Fish

Carers, from whom and to whom the fame shall be delivered, and that such Notice be signed by such Fish

C. And be it further enacted, That every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, to or for whom any Salt shall

Curers so delivering and receiving such Salt.

That every

with all Salt which shall be so delivered as aforesaid; and if any Dispute shall arise whether any such Salt

shall have been delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer to whom the fame may or shall be

alledged to be so delivered, the Proof of the due Delivery of such Salt shall lie on the Fish Curer or Fish

Curers fending or delivering the fame.

CL And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Perform by whom any Permit or Permits

which shall be granted in pursuance of this Act shall have been received, and in whose Possession any such

Permit or Permits shall at any Time be, shall, upon Demand thereof made by any Officer or Officers of

Excise, after the Time limited in or by such Permit or Permits for the Removal of any Salt or Roclc Salt

cified therein shall be expired, deliver such Permit or Permits to the Officer or Officers of Excise who

Quantities and Species of all the Fish which shall be so produced to him, and

proper Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and such Fish Curer or

1 1 1 j j r yt 1 /i it _ _ *

ill demand such Uclivery thereof *, and it any lucn rerlon or rerlons mail neglect or refule to deliver any

:h Permit or Permits to any Officer or Officers of Excise who shall demand such Delivery thereof, the

Person or Persons (o offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise

in England and Scotland respectively, to forbear, if they shall fee Cause so to do, to put in Suit any Bond

by this Act directed to be given or entered into, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Com-

missioners shall seem meet. J \ -

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer and Fish Curers shall produce to the

proper'Officer of Excise, well and perfectly cured, all such Fish which he, she, or they shall have cured,

*and for which he, she, or they shall intend to take Credit in his, her, or their Account, directed by this

Adf to be made out and delivered to the proper Officer of Excise yearly; and such Officer shall, upon such

Fish being so produced to him as aforesaid* take an exactc and particular Account, by Tale, Gauge,

Weight, or otherwise, of thefibK^j J 0 r T*’/1 If1" A 1 L‘ J J

shall enter such Account in a . . ,

Fish Curers, if the Fish produced be dried or unpacked Cod, Ling, or Hake, shall immediately, and in

the Presence and to the Satisfaction of such Officer, punch one Hole in and through the Tail of each Fish,

but if the Fish produced be Herrings or Pilchards, or wet Fish, or other Fish packed in Barrels or Calks,

then such Officer shall bum or brand each of such Barrels or Casks in some conspicuous Part thereof with

the Letters B. F-; and all and every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, before any such Barrels or Casks

containing any Fish so cured as aforesaid, shall be produced to such Officer as aforesaid, shall burn or brand

with Iron on every such Barrel or Cask of Fish, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters,

his, her, or their Name or Names, and the Date of the Year when the fame shall be produced to such

Officer; and if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall produce any such Fish in Barrels or Casks not so

marked with his, her, or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to punch one Hole

in the Tail of every such Fish as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit all the Fish so produced, which

shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

T] Fish not marked

CIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fish Curer or Fish Curers, to whom any Salt shall be

delivered for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall have Credit for, or be allowed more or a

greater Quantity of Salt for curing and preserving Fish, than at and after the following Rates and Pro-

portions; (that is to say,) ' . 1 \

For every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake, fifty Pounds Weight of Salt, and so in pro-

portion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of wet Cod, Ling, or Hake, fifty-six Pounds Weight

of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Barrel containing forty-two Gallons oF

Fish Curers re-

ceiving.SaJtfrom

other Fish

Curers, to l>c

charged with alj

fodelivt red, dec.

Permits after

their Expira-

tien, to be deli-

vered to the

Officer of Ex-

cite on Demand,

on Penalty of

50I.

m

proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

Salmon, thirty-six Pounds Weight of Salt, and so

or every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of White Herrings, one hundred and forty Pounds

Weight of Salt, and so in proportion, for any greater or less Quantity: N . t

For every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of full Red Herrings, sixty-five Pounds Weight of Salt,

and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity: x

For every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of clean fh^tten Red Herrings, fifty-six Pounds Weight

of Salt, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Last, confiding of ten thousand dried Red Sprats, twenty-five Pounds Weight of Salt, and so

iiir proportion for any greater or less Quantity‘

; I ’ For

Commissioners

of Excise may

forbear to put.

Bonds in Suit.

Fish Curer to

produce to the

Officer all cured

Fish for which

he intends to-

take Credit in

his Account,

who shall take

an Account

thereof, and

which Fish shall

be marked in

his Presence, or,

if in Barrels, he

shall brand the

fame.

Names, £c, of

Fish Curers to

branded on Bar-

rels.

Fish produced*

in Barrels not

so branded, or

, to be forfeited.

Salt for curing

Fish to be allow-

at the Rates

following»

Fordritd Cod,.

Src. 50 lb. per

Cwt*:

For wet Cod,.

&0. 561b ;

for Salmon,.

361b. j

for White Her*

rings, 140 lb.;

for full Redfterw

rings, 651b. j and

for fhottcn ones,

56 ib. per Barw

rrl s .

for Rod Sprats,

15 kb* ptr La A

