772

C. 52.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Oeorgii III.

A.D. 179?,

In Actions In

any Court of

Rcc6rd at Weft-

minster, &c. if

the Venue be

laid in the Coun-

ty of any City or

Town Corporate

in England, &c.

the Court may

direct the IflTue

to he tried by a

Jury of the

County next

adjoining.

Bills of Jndirt-

ment for Of-

fences commit-

ted within

the County of

any City or

Town Corpo-

rate may be per-

ferred to the

Jury of the

County next adjoining.

Indi&ments

found by a

Grand Jury of

the County of

any City or

Town Corpo-

rate, or Inqui-

fitions taken

before the Co-

roner, may be

ordered by the

Court of 0)er,

&c. thereto be

filed with the

proper Officer

of the next ad-

joining County,

and the Defend-

ants removed to

the Gaol there-

of, &c. -

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and

after the passing of this A£\, in every Action, whether the fame be transitory or local, which shall be pro-

fecuted or depending in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and in every Indictment re-

moved into his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench by Writ of Certiorari, and in every Information hied bjf

h*s Majesty’s Attorney or Solicitor General, or by the Leave of the Court of King’s Bench, and in all

Cafes where any Person or Persons shall plead to or traverse any of the Fads contained in the Return to*

any Writ of Mandamus, if the Venue in such Action, Indictment, or Information, be laid in the County

of any City or Town Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called Englanclx or if such Writ of

MandGtnus'bz ditedfed to any Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, that it shall and maybe

lawful for the Court in which such Action, Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding shall be depend-

ing,' at the Prayer and Initance of any Prosecutor or Plaintiff, or of any Defendant, to direct the Issue or

Issues joined in lych Action* Indictment, Information, or Proceeding, to be tried by a Jury of the County

next adjoining to the County of such City or Town Corporate, and to award proper Writs of Venire 2nd

Diflringas accordingly, if the said Court shall think it fit and proper so to do.

II. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Pro*

fecutor or Prosecutors to prefer his, her, or their Bill or Bills of Indictment, for any Offence or Offences

committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate, to the Jury

.L _ / _. ^ J! !_*_ 1 ~ _ t ^_ . ..a... C wU ( ' • » t mm m f fr rta# 1

of the County next adjoining to the County of such City or Town Corporate, (worn and charged to inquire

for the King, fur the Body of such adjoining County, at any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, or General

Gaol Delivery ; and that every such Bill of Indictment, found to be a true Bill by such Jury, shall be valid-

and effectual in La w, as if the fame had been found to be a true Bill by^ any Jury sworn and charged to in~

quire for the King for the Body of the County of such City or Town Corporate.. . ’ * ’

id be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to any Court of Oyer

iner or General Gaol Delivery for the County of any City or Town Corporate, that any lndidt-

Thc Judges of

the Court of

King’s Bench,

ice. may, on

Application of

the Prosecutor,

cause Persons

in Custody for

Offences com-

mitted within

the County of

any City or

Town Corpo-

rate, to be re-

moved into the

Custody of the

Sheriff of the

next adjoining

County, for

Trial ; and di-

rect Coroners

to return to the

Court of Oyer

and Terminer

inquisitions,

fee.

III. And

and Terminer

ment found by any Grand Jury of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or any Inquisition taken

before the Coroner or Coroners of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, is fit.

and proper to be tried by a Jury of any next adjoining County, that it shall and may be lawful for the said

Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, at the Prayer of any Defendant, to order such

Indictment or Inquisition, and the several Recognizances, Examinations, and Depositions, relative to such

Indictments and inquisitions, to be filed with the proper Officer, to be by him kept among the Records of

the Courts of Oyer or Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, for such next adjoining County, and to cause

the Defendant or Defendants in such Indictment to be removed, by Writ of Habeas Corpus, to the Gaol of

such next aJjoining County ; which Writ the said Court is hereby directed and authorized to issue, if such

Defendant or Defendants be in the Prison of such City or Town Corporate ; and if he, (he, or they be not

in such Prison, to commit such Defendant or Defendants to the Gaol of such next adjoining County, and

to cause the Profecotois and Witnesses against such Defendant or Defendants, to enter into a Recognizance

or Recognizances, to prosecute and give Evidence against such Defendant or Defendants at the Sessions of

Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining County; and that the fame Pro-

ceedings and Trial shall be had, and the fame Judgment shall be given, in such last-mentioned Court of

Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, as would and might be had and given in Cafes of Indict-

ments or inquisitions for the like Offences, committed within such next adjoining Counties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the

Judges ol his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or any of the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General

Gaol Delivery, for such next adjoining or other County as aforesaid, on the Application of any such Prose-

cutor or Prosecutors ten Days next before the holding of any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, or General

Gaol Delivery, for such last-mentioned County, by proper Writs of Habeas Cortousx which they are hereby

empowered and authorized to issue, to cause any Person or Persons who may be in the Custody of any

Sheriff or Sheriffs, or of the Keepers of any Gaol or Prison, charged with any Offence or Offences com-

mitted within the County of any such City or Town Corporate, to be removed into the Custody of the

Sheriff of such next adjoining County, in order that he, (he, or they may, for such Offence or Offences as

aforesaid, be tried in such last-mentioned County ; and by Order under the Hand of any one of the said

Judges or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, todiredt the Coroner or Coroners of

the County of any such City or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, to return to the next Court of Oyer

and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, to be holden for such next adjoining County, any Inquisition or

inquisitions, Examination or Deposition taken touching the Death of any Person or Persons within the

Limits of his or their Jurisdictions ; and that whenever, in pursuance of this A61, any Bill or Bills of In-

didtment shall be found by such Grand Jury as aforesaid, against any Person or Persons, for any Offence or

Offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate,

that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, to

issue Procefsfor apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be

found, if notin Custody, and to compel Che Attendance of Witnesses Upon the Trial of such Indictments,

. 1 3

