A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 101, 102.

601:

SV| c a p. cr.

An Act vor enlarging and improving the Harbour of Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and

Docks, and ior making new Hoads and PaOages, and widening others leading to and from the said

Harbour.---[4th July 1797.J * f*

’ r * . *. • cap. cii.

An Act for granting to His M ijesty additional Duties on Diflilleries in the several Parts

of the Highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited Time* and

for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Didridls in Scotland.

mi'an • q • [19* July 1797-]

Molt Gracious bovereign,

1 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjc&s, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

* VV assembled, towards railing the neccfiary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

* making Addition to the ublic Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your

1 Majesty, the additional Duties hereinafter mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

‘ may be enacted*/ and be it enacted by the King’s most: excellent-Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That there shall be raised, levied, colltfled, and paid, to and for the Use of his

Majesty, his Heirs and Succtflbrs, for and in respect of the several Matters and Things hereinafter men-

tioned, over and above all the Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any ACt or Acts of Parlia-

ment, the further Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned ; that is to say,

Por and upon all Licences which shall be granted by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, at any

Time after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, for the ereCting, keeping,

and working. Stills in the Highlands of Scotland, within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Limits, in a

certain ACt, pasted in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Re-

gulation of Diflilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation ofYariuib-incdc Spirits from England to Scotland, and

from Scotland to England, for a limited Time, particularly specified and described, except such Part of the

said Highlands of Scotland as lie within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places, hereinafter particularly

specified and described, the additional Duties following; that is to say, upon every Gallon, English Wine

Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still, (including the Head and every

Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever

Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afeend,) which, from

and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be used or employed

in distilling and drawing off Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respec-

tive Counties, or Parts of Counties, mentioned in the said ACt, except as aforesaid, the additional Com-

petition, Licence Duty, or Sum, after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings for one Year:

fSee Stats.

13GCO. 3 c 19.

35 Cco. 3.C.41.J

The following

additional Du-

ties of Exafe to

be paid in Scot-

land :

On Licences

granted after

July 1797*

for creating

Stills in the4

Highlands with-

in the Limits

specified in

33 Geo. 3.C. 6t.

(except a: here-

in after deferib-

cd,) for each

Gallon of the

Contents, where

Barley, &c. of

the Growth

within the said

Limits is used,

61. 10s- per Annum:

And for and upon all Spirits which {hall be manufactured from such licensed Still, over and above the

Quantity limited by this Act, an additional Duty of feur Shillings and Four-pence for each Gallon of such

Surplus Spirits, to be paid upon Demand by the Distiller thereof:

And for and upon all Licences which shall be granted after the fifth Day of .7^ one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, by the said Commissioners, for the erecting, keeping, and working. Stills in such

Parts of the said Highlands as lie within the Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places, hereinafter particularly

specified and described, the additional Duties following; {that is to lay,) upon every Gallon, English Wine

Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still, (including the Head and every

Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever

Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afeend,) which, from

and alter the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be used or employed in

distilling and drawing oft* Spirits from the Barley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respec-

tive Counties, or Parts of Counties, and Places, hereinafter particularly specified and described, the addi-

tional Composition, Licence Duty, or Sum, after the Rate of four Pounds for one Year:

And for and upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed Still as last mentioned, over

and above the annual Quantity limited by this ACt, an additional Duty of two Shillings and Eight-pence for

each Gallon of such Surplus Spirits, to be paid upon Demand by the Distiller thereof.

II. And be it further enaCted, That the several Duties by this ACt imposed shall be raised, collected, re-

covered, secured, and paid, by such Persons, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under

such Management, and under and (ubject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeit-

ures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and%with and lubiect to

such Powers, and to the like Allowances and Directions, and by fjch Methods, and in such Manner and

Form, (except where otherwise expressly directed or provided by this ACt,) as by the said ACt, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/w the Regulation of Diflilleries in Scotland, and the

37 Geo. III. 4 I Exportation

and for each

Gallon drilled

above a limited

Quantity,^. 4d.

On Licences

granted for Stills

in the Parts

hereinafter spe-

cified, lor each

Gallon of the

Contents, where

Barley, 6cc. of

Growth within

those Parts is

used, 41. per

Ann.:

and for each

Gallon diddled

above a limit, d

Quantity, 2$. 8d.

Powers of

33Geo. 3 c. 61.

and all other

A<ds relating to

the DifLllencs

in Scotland,

(except o!lu£-

wife d.rectid,)

to extend to

Act

