2<2

C.6

tricesimo sexto Georgii III

A.D. 1796.

09 rr

mi

T3n Oath of

Ground of Sus-

picion that more

than eight Bulh-

ds of Wheat,

Arc. is kept in

any Storehouse,

Arc. Officers of

Excise, and

other Persons,

may be autho-

rized to search,

and may seize

the Surplus, and

the Persons in

whose Custody

found to forfeit

5J. perBuiheL

Doors may i>e

biokc open.

Centrals for

Delivery of

Starch or Hair

Powder during

the Continuance

of this A void.

No Hair Pow-

dei to lie im-

portid after

certain Periods

Ids Packages

than 2241b. Arc.

on Penalty of

Forfeiture,

and 501.

In Entries of

Starch e*r Hair

Powder import-

, the Number

of Packages,&c.

to lie inserted,

on Penalty of

Forfeiture.

Starch or Hair

Powderimport-

,when weigh-

, to be depo-

rted, Arc. as the

Officers of Ex-

cite shall direct.

Grain, be not kept in any Place used for making, preparing, or keeping Starch: Provided also, that this Act

shall not extend to inflict the said last-mentioned Forfeiture and Penalty, or either of them, upon any Maker

of Starch who pradlifes the Trade of a Miller, and who was possessed of, and as a Miller worked, any Mill

or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, Barley, or other Grain, on or before the third Day of November one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for pr upon Account of any Quantity of Wheat, Barley, or other

Grain, which shall, during the Time hereinbefore limited, be found not wetted or steeped in any such Mill

or Mills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise,

or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times have cause to suspect that any Wheat, Barley,

Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, exceeding the Quantity of eight Bushels of such Wheat, Barley,

Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, and Meal, belonging to any Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder, or

Blue, shall be laid or kept in any Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places, contrary to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, upon Oath made by such Officer

or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them,

in England hr the Time being, or before one or more Tuftice or Tuftices of the Peace residing near the

Place where such Officer or (Jfficers, or other Person or Persons, shall suspect the fame to be laid or kept, set-

ting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or

Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable,) by Special Warrant under his

or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or

Persons authorized as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Con-

stable or other lawful Officer of the Peace,) to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or

other Place or Places,'where he or they shall so suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes,

Flour, or Meal, exceeding the Quantity of eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour,

and Meal, belonging to any such Maker or Makers, shall be laid or kept, and to seize, take, and carry away

all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, as he or they shall so find, (over and above

the f3id Quantity of eight Bushels,) together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, or other Things, wherein the

fame shall be contained; and such Maker or Makers, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Poflef-

fion such Whear, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, or Meal, belonging to such Maker or Makers as

aforesaid, shall be found, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of five

Pounds for every Bushel exceeding the said Quantity of eight Bushels; and the said Officer or Officers, and

other Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or

Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Granaries,

and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on

Demand.

VIII. And whereas there may have been Contra£ts made by Makers of Starch with several Persons for

‘ Starch or Hair Powder to be delivered and received at future Times after the passing of this Act;* be it

therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts or Bargains made by any Maker or

Makers of Starch, or by any Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, with any Person or Persons whatever, for

any Starch or Hair Powder to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be, and

are hereby declared to be, null and void.

IX. 1 And whereas, for the Protection of the fair Trader, it is expedient to provide the several Restric-

1 tiens, Regulations, and Matters hereinafter mentioned ;* be it therefore further enaCted by the Authority

aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this ACt, no Hair Powder shall be imported or brought from

any Part of Europe, or, from and after the twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix, shall be imported or brought from any Part of Asia^ Africa, or America, into Great Britain, or into any

Pert, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship or Veflef, otherwise than in Calk, Chest, Cafe, Bag,

or other Package, each Cask, Chest, Cafe, Bag, or other Package whereof, shall contain two hundred and

twenty-four Pounds neat of Hair Powder at the least, to be (lowed openly in the Hold of such Ship or Vef-

fel importing the fame, on Pain to forfeitall the Hair Powder so imported or brought contrary to this Act,

together with the Cask, Chest, Cafe, Bag, or other Package containing the fame, which shall and may be

seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise; and the Master, Mate, or other Person, taking the Charge

or Command of such Ship or Vefl’el, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Entry or Report of any St3rch or

Hair Powder imported or brought into this Kingdom to be made, by the Master or Purser of any Ship or

Vefiel, in pursuance of an ACt made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the

Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs, the Num-

ber of Casks, Chests, Cafes, Bags, or other Packages, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of

them, on board of each respective Ship or Vellel, shall be inserted, on Pain, for every Neglect or Refufai

thereof, to forfeit such Starch or Hair Powder respectively, with the Calk, Chest, Cafe, Bag, or other Pack-

age wherein the fame shall be contained, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs or Excise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Starch or Hair Powder re-

spectively imported or brought into this Kingdom shall, in order to ascertain the Duties payable thereon*

have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the proper Officer or Officers of the

Customs shall secure the fame, until the Delivery thereof into the Charge and Custody of the proper Officer

or Officers of Excise; and upon the Delivery thereof into the Custody of the proper Officer or Officers oF

Excise, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignce or Consignces thereof, shall, at

his,.

