A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quin to Georg 11 III. C. 52, 53.

CAP. LII. ' V

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis> at or near the Town

of Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or

near the Town of Trowbridge* in the County of IVtlts \ and also certain Navigable Cuts therein dclcribed.

I F v [30th April 1795J

CAP. LII I.

97

receiving Letters free from the Duty of

1T>J

age; for allowing Non-commissioned TJffkers, Seamen, and private Men, in the

Navy and Army, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Foil-

age ; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Poll

at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law.—[5th May 1795*]

\I/HEREAS it is expedient further to regulate the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free

‘ V V from the Duty of Portage \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament afieinbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this A cl, no

Letter or Packet whatsoever, sent by the Port from any Place within the Kingdom ol Great Britain, di-

rected by or to any Member of eitheg of the two Housesof Parliament ot Great Britain, shall be exempted

Irom the Payment of the Duty of Portage, according to the Rates by Law established, if such Letter or

Packet shall exceed one Ounce in Weight. »ng one Ounce exempt from Portage ;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letter or Packet, directed by any nor*”7 Letter,

Member of either of the said two Houses of Parliament, shall, irom and alter the passing of this Act, be

exempted from the Payment of the Duty of Portage, unless the Member whose Name shall be indorsed

therecn, pursuant to the Laws now in force, shall actually be in the Port I own into the Port Office of

which every such Letter or Packet shall be put, or within the Limits of the Delivery of Letters for such

Port Town, or within twenty M-Ics of (lich Port Town, on the Day, or on the Day before the Day, on

which such Letter or Packet shall be put into the Port Office.

No Letter to or

from any Mem-

ber of either

House of Par-

liament exceed-

Member of either of the said two

free from the Duty of Postage, fu-

nor shall be entitled or allowed to

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no

Houses of Parliament shall be entitled or allowed to fend by the Port,

perferibed or directed by hirr), more than ten Letters any one Day

receive by the Poll, free from the Duty of Postage, more than fifteen Letters directed to him in any one

Day. '

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Number of Letters or Packets, not

weighing more than one Ounce each, sent or received by any Member of either of the two Houses of Par-

liament in any one Day, shall exceed the Number exempted by this Act from the Duty of Portage, and the

Rates of Portage on the said Letters or Packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ; then such of the

fa d Letters or Packets as would be chargeable with a higher Rate of Postage than the Remainder, shall be

included in the Number so exempted, in preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower Rate of

Postage ; and the Remainder of such Letters or Packets shall be chargeable with the several Rates of Port-

age respectively to which such Letters or Packets would now by Law be chargeable if sent or received by

any Persons not entitled to fend or receive Letters or Packets free from the Duty of Portage.

V. Provided always, and be it furthercnadlcd. That the several Persons who, by virtue of any Art or

Arts of Parliament, are authorized, in Right of their respertive Offices and Employments, to fend and re-

ceive Letters free from Postage, and their Successors in such Offices and Employments, shall and may, du-

ring their Continuance in such Offices and Employments respertively, send and receive Letters and Packets,

free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions, as they now fend and re-

ceive the fame.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That nothing herein contained shall extend to

charge with the Duty of Portage, any printed Votes or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers,

being f nt without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which shall he signed on the Outside thereof by

toe Hand of any Member of Parliament, in such Manner as hath been heretofore prartifed, or which shall

bedireftcJ to any Member of Parliament, at any Place whereof he shall have given Notice in Writing to

tr.e Poftmufter General, or to his Deputy ; but that all such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers, so sent

signed or directed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the Duty of Portage ; any Thing in this, or any

former Art, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, em-

unlefstheMcm-

ber dircdling it

be within z9

Miles of the

Toft Town, on

the Day, or Day

before, it is put

into the Office.

No Member to

fend more than

10, or receive

more than 15

Letters free,

daily.

How Portage

shall be charged

for Letters ex-

ceeding the li-

N umber.

Persons autho-

rized officially

to fend and re-

ceive Letters

free, to conti-

nue to do so.

Votes, Pro-

ceedings in Par-

liament, and

Newspapers,

may be sent in

open Covers,

dec.

yeu in ms .viajelty's [Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, and .Marines, should, whilst

I

________, ,__________ j receive single Letters by the Port, on their own private Concerns, at

4a low Rate of Portage;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after

the parting of this Act, no fmgle Letter sent by the Poll from any Non -commissioned Officer, Seaman, or

Private, employed in his Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines,

A. 11 1 /• 1 v T 1 i \ # t v /• n i 11 1 I

’arliament

now in foice, with an higher Rate of Postage than the Sum of one Penny for the Conveyance of each such

Letter; such Rate of Portage of one Penny for each such Letter to be paid at the T ime of putting the fame

be by the

O +> Provided

Mf-U ]

i rivate, employed in his Majesty s Navy, Army, Militia, rencible Regiments, Artillery, or Maru

shall, winlft such Non-commissioned Officer, Seaman, or Private respertively, shall be employed

his Majesty’s Service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable, by virtue of any Act of Parliair

Single Letters

from Non-com-

missioned Of-

ficers, Seamen,

and Privates,

liable to 1 d.

Portage only,

under certain

Kbftri&icns;

35 Glo. ill.

. J

B i •

\

t

V

A.

