236

28

Treble Costs.

Persons coun-

terfeiting Certi-

fi^ites, &c.

guilty of Felony,

Affirmations

may bcadmi-

jDiftered.

^5 Geo. III.

Caps. 14, and

-53, recited

tricesimo quinto

Oil III.

795

Every Contribu-

for under the

first recited Act

entitled to a fur-

ther Annuity of

] s. per Cent,

lor a certain

Period from

Oft. 10, 1794.

of his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defend-

ant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and {hall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any De-

fendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or

procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counter-

feiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners by this Adl appointed as afore-

said, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Caibier or Cashiers of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England in pursuance of this Adl, or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer for the Time being, or to any Officer appointed by him, or to the

said Commissioners by this Adl appointed, or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them,

or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or

altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or

altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Cor-

porate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Cafe all and every Person or Persons so offend-

ing, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in

Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

' LI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where an Oath may be administered by this Act, it shall

be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Cafe may require.

’ CAP. CXXVIII. ‘ .

1 ^ t

An Act for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to the Sum of eighteen Millions,

authorized to be raised for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five.—[27th June 1795.]

T d ^ 1 i1 ^ I

1 & 1 ,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

* __________

4 ’IT 7Ei your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, have resolved that, in case Provision should be made by any Act to be passed in this

4 present Session of Parliament, for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan for the Service of

the Emperor of Germany, to an Amount less than six millions Sterling, every Contributor to the Loan

4 of eighteen millions, authorized to be raised by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An

4 Act for raffing the Sum of eighteen millions by way of Annuities, should be entitled on every one hundred

4 Pounds so contributed to the said Loan of eighteen millions, to a further Annuity in the Proportion of fix

4 Pence per Centum for every seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by which such Loan should fall short

4 of the Sum of six millions Sterling; which proportional Annuity of six Pence per Centum per Annum

4 should be added to and made one Joint Stock with the Annuities of eight Shillings and six Pence, granted

4 by the said Act: And whereas by an Act, made in this present Sessionof Parliament, intituled, An At7 for

4 guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of four millions six hundred thousand Pounds, to the

4 Emperor 0/"Germany; such Guarantee as is herein-before mentioned hath been made to a Sum less than

4 six millions by the Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds:’ Be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every

Contributor towards raising the said Sum of eighteen millions shall, for every one hundred Pounds contri-

buted and paid, be entitled, on the Completion of such Contribution, over and above any Annuity granted

by the Lid first-recited Act, to a further Annuity of one Shilling, to continue for a certain Term

of sixty-five Years and three Months, from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-four, and then to cease, and which Annuity of one Shilling shall be added to and made one

Joint Stock with the Annuities, to which the Annuities, after the Rate of eight Shillings and six Pence

per Annum, granted by the said first-recited Act, were thereby added, and shall be charged and chargeable

on the fame Fund, and paid and payable at the fame. Times and in like Proportions, and shall be transfer-

able in like Manner, and deemed to be of the fame Quality, as the said Annuities after the Rate of eight

Shillings and six Pence per Annum, granted by the said recited Act; and all Powers, Rules, Methods, Re-

gulations, and Provisions, and all Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said first-recited Act contained, in

lation to the Annuities after the Rate of eight Shillings and six Pence per Annum, shall be extended and

plied in the managing, paying, transferring, and accounting for, and in all other Matters relating to the

Lid Annuity after the Rate of one Shilling per Annum, as amply and as fully and effectually, to all Intent9

and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Rules, Methods, Regulations, and Provisions, Penalties and For-

feitures, had been severally and respectively repeated in this Adl.

re-

ap-

CAP.

