A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 98.

4 J A. B. do (wear [or, affirm], That the Accounts which I shall hereafter deliver or cause to be delivered

4 to the Meal Weighers of the City of London, or to such other Persons as the Court of Mayor and Al-

4 dermen of the said City shall appoint to receive the same, of and concerning the Quantities and Prices of

4 Wheat winch henceforward shall be by or for me fold and delivered, shall, to the best of my Knowledge

4 and Belief, and as far as the Sales and complete Deliveries will allow, contain the whole Quantity, and no

4 more, of the Wheat bond fide fold and delivered by or for me, within the Period to which such Accounts

4 shall respectively refer, with the Names and Occupations of the Buyers, and with the Prices thereof re-

spectively, and shall be, to the best of my Judgment, conformable in all other Refpe£ls to the Directions

4 and true Intent and Meaning of an ACt, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign

4 of his.late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,44 An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate

4C the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who fall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread,” so far as the

4 fame relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof,\ and

4 within the IVcekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.'

Which Oath or Affirmation the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being is hereby empowered

and required to administer, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office

of the said City ; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be so administered, certified, and registered,

without any Fee or Reward to be demanded or paid for the fame; and in case any Person shall carry on the

Trade and Business of a Corn Factor without taking the said Oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to

the Directions of this Act, every such Person so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enaCted, That every Baker, and other Person making or who shall make Bread for

Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten

Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required to prepare and leave, or cause to be left, weekly,

before the Hour^of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of every Monday, at the Cocket Office in the

Mansion House aforesaid, with the proper Officer there, a true and particular Account in Writing under his

Hand, according to the Form hereinafter contained in that Behalf, of all such Meal and Flour for the Pur-

pose of making Wheaten Bread, as shall have been bought by such Baker or other Person in the Course

of the Week next preceding such Monday, and that every such Account hereby required to be made by

any such Baker, or other Person making Bread for Sale, within the said City of London, or Liberties thereof,

or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall specify the Names of the re-

spective Sellers of such Meal and Flour made of Wheat, the respective Quantities ana Sorts thereof, and the

several and respective Prices at which the fame shall have been actually and bond fide fold, and shall be of the

following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is to say,)

An ACCOUNT of all the Me ax and Flour (made of Wheat) bought by A. B. of

in the Parish of from Monday to Saturday both inclusive, for the

Purpose of making Wheaten Bread, or fit for the fame.

%

Day of the Month Seller’s Name. Number of Sacks. Sorts of Meal and Flour.

# 1 * T

I < ; + 1 4 .J ’I. ,

► i I 1 it,

To what Pur.

pose appli-

cable.

Prices per

Sack.

TOTAL.

37 Geo. Ill, 4H

VII. And,

Penalty on any

Person carrying

on the Business

of a Corn Fac-

for, without

taking such

Oath, Sec. 50 J.

Bakers to leave

at the Cocket

Office every

Monday, Ac-

counts, inWrit-

ing, of all such

Meal and Flour

made of Wheat,

as shall have

been bought by

them respective-

ly, in the Week

immediately

preceding.

Form of Baker's

Weekly Ac

counts.

I

