359

A.D. 1796. ' Anno triceflmo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 84, 85.

were held in Conjunction with augmented Cures before the passing of this Act, shall continue to be held by

the present Incumbents therewith; and that it shall not be lawful to present to the said Benefices until they

shall become void or voidable by Death or Celfion, or by other lawful cause of Avoidance, arising alter the

passing of this Act.

V. 4 And whereas many perpetual Curacies, although not augmented by the Bounty of Queen Anne%

4 have nevertheless become considerable in Value by the Improvement of the Tythcspr Glebe of which they

4 happen to be endowed, or by other Circumstances be it further enacted, '1 'hat the Bilhop or Ordinary

within whose Jurisdiction they lie, shall have the like Bower, and under the like Limitations, and w'ith the

like Remedies, in apportioning the Stipends to be pa"J to the said officiating Curates by the Curates or In-

cumbents of perpetual Curacies, as is herein-before given respecting the Apportionment of the Stipends to

the Curates employed in perpetual Cures augmented.

VI. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Authority of Ordinaries to license Curates, and to remove li-

4 censed Curates, should be further explained, enlarged, and confirmed be it enacted and declared, That

it shall be lawful for the Ordinary to license any Curate who is or shall be actually employed by the Rector,

Vicar, or other Incumbent of any Parish Church or Chapel, although noexprefs Nomination of such Curate

shall have been made, either in Words or in Writing, to the Ordinary by the said Redior, Vicar, or other

incumbent; and that the Ordinary shall have Power to revoke, summarily and without Process, any Licence

granted to any Curate employed within his Jurisdiction, and to remove such Curate for such good and rea-

(onable Cause as he shall approve ; subject, nevertheless, to an Appeal, as well in the Cafe of a Grant of a

Licence to a Curate who has not been nominated, as in the Revocation of a Licence granted to a Curate ;

(bch Appeal to be made, in either Cafe, to the Archbishop of the Province, and to be determined in a sum-

fnary Manner. ' '

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Cojnmissioners of theTrea-

fiery for the Lime being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-ffth Year of His pre»

sent Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Fojl, and by Time, to Jtich Persons as should be

willing to contra ft for the fame.—[ 14th May 1796. j

iC 27 Gee. III. Cap. 26. recited. From Augr i, 1796, the Treasury may let to Farm the Duties mentioned

i4 in the recited Act, separately in Districts. No Contract to be made to continue beyond Feb. 1, 1800.

Powers of recited Act to extend to this.”

CAP. LXXXV.

% 4 . ^ I - 4f r t i* V » r « ‘ '■ V . i 1 ' ~ 4 , # JIl ' ^ T 1 J

• _ r i ^ r /

An Act for the better Regulation of Mills.—[14m May 1796.]

4 TT WHEREAS the Laws now in being for the Regulation of Mills have been found deficient and inef-

4 VV fedlual :* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six, every Miller or other Person keeping a Mill for the grinding of Corn, shall have in such Mill a

true and equal Balance, with proper Weights, according to the Standard of the Exchequer; and any Person

or Persons appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the

more rffeftunl Prevention of the (Jfe of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, to examine the

Weignts and Balances within his or their respective Counties, Ridings, Liberties, and Divisions, shall be,

and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine such Balances and Weights, and to

proceed with respect to them in the same Manner as is provided in the said Act with respect to Weights and

Balances ; and every Miller, or other Person as aforesaid, in whose Mill shall be found no Balance or

Weights, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings ; and every Miller, or other Person as

aforesaid, in whose Mill shall be found any Weight or Weights not being according to the Standard in the

Exchequer, or any falle or unequal Balance or Balances, and all Persons obstrudling, hindering, or refilling

such Persons in viewing and examining the fame, shall be liable to be proceeded against, and shall forfeitand

pay the like Penalties, as any Person committing the like Offences against the Provisions of the said Act

would be respectively liable to.

If. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall bring or cause to be brought any

Corn to any Mill to be ground, may require the Miller or other Person acting for him, or keeping the

Mtlfj to weigh, in his or her Presence, such Corn before it shall be ground, and after it shall be ground may

require the iVlilleror other Person as aforesaid to weigh, in his or her Presence, the Produce of the Corn (o

ground ; and if any Miller or other Person as aforesaid, shall refuse so to weigh the said Corn, he shall be li-

able to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

III. And We it further enacted, That every Miller, or other Person keeping a Mill for grinding Corn,

shall, after grinding any Corn, deliver to the Person who brought or caused such Corn to be brought, if such

Person shall require the fame, the whole Produce of such Corn in Weight, allowing for the Diminution in

Weight that shall have been caused by the Waste in grinding, and by taking Toll, in Cafes where Toll is

heretn-after allowed to be taken ; and if such Corn shall be dressed into Flour, then the whole Produce in

Weight, allowing for the Diminution in Weight that shall have been caused by the Waste in grinding and

dressing, and by taking Toll as aforesaid; and if such Corn, on being weighed after grinding, or, after

3* Geo. III. 3A . grinding

Eifhopor Ordi-

nary may ap-

portion the Sti-

pend to offici-

ating Curate* of

perpetual Cu-

racies not aug-

mented.

Ordinary may

license Curates

employed,

though r.o No-

mination fluff

have been made

to him by the

Incumbent, and

may revoke any

Licence, fuhjcit

to Appeal to the

Archbishop of

the Province.

A Balance and

Weights to be

kept in every

Corn Mill,

(which may be

examined by

the Persons ap-

pointed under

35 Geo. III.

Cap. foa.) on

Penalty of xo s.

Provisions of

35 Geo. III.

Cap. ica. toex-

tend to this A&.

Millers to weigh

Com, if re-

quired, before

and after

ground, on Pe-

nalty of 40 s.

Millers to deli-

ver the whole

Produce of

Com wherr

ground, if rc-»

quired, allow-

ing for Waste

and Toll, on

Penalty of j s.

per Bulhcl for

