A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 67. 131

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any false Entry, or shall

wilfully alter, or assist in altering, any Word or Figure in any Enfry in the Books of Account kept, or in

pursuance of this Act to be kept, by the faiJ Governor and Company of the Bank of England, wherein the

several Accounts of the Owners or Proprietors of Principal Sums, or Stock, or Annuities, by this Act

made or declared transferrable at the Bank of Englandare, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, entered and

kept, or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify the Account or Accounts of any such Owner or Proprietor in

the Books of the salt] Governor and Company, wherein such Accounts are, or in pursuance of this Act shall

be, entered and kept, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or

any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons, so

offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall fufler Death as a Felon or Felons, without Benefit of

Clergy. . /

X. 4 And whereas, in order to cover and conceal Forgeries and Frauds in Transfers, Dividend Warrants

have been sometimes made out for different Sums than the Sums really duebe it therefore enabled by the

Authority aforesaid, That, if any Clerk, Officer, or Servant of, or other Person or Persons employed or

entrusted by, the said Governor and Company, shall, from and a'tcr the passing of this Act, knowingly or

wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made out or delivered, or wilfully act or assist in the

making out or delivering, of any Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, or Interest,

or Money, payable in pursuance of this Act at the Bank of England, for a greater or le(s Amount than the

Person or Persons on whose Behalf, or pretended Behalf, such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment

of any Annuity, or Interest, or Money, payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with

Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body Politic or

Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every such Person or Persons, io offending, being

in due Form of Law convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven

Years.

Persons making

false Entry in

the Books of

the Rank to

fufler Death.

Clerks, ice. of

the Bank mak-

ing out f*ifc

Dividend War-

rants to be

transported.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of

King James the First, intituled, An All to restrain all Persons from Marriage until their

former Wives and former Husbands be dead.—[19th May 1795.].

w

HE REAS the Punishment of Persons convicted of Felony, under or by virtue of an Act, made

in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to reflra'in all Persons

....Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands be dead, has not proved effectual to deter

‘^wicked and evil-disposed Persons from being guilty of the Offence therein described:* Be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That if any Person or Persons within his Majesty’s Dominions of England and Wales, being married, or

which hereafter shall marry, do, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, marry any Person or

Persons, the former Husband or Wife being aiive, and shall be in due Manner convicted thereof under the

said Act, shall be subject and liable to the fame Penalties, Pains, and Punishments as, by the Laws now in

force, Persons are subject and liable to who are convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall he ordered to be transported by

virtue of this Act, shall be afterwards at large within Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the

Expiration of the Term for which such Person or Persons shall be ordered to be transported, all and every

such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and fuller Death as a

Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

r, . < . ported.

1 Jac. T.

Cap. xi.

Persons con-

victed in Eng-

land of Bigamy,

subject to the

Penalties in-

flicted for Lar-

ceny }

and returning

to Great Britain

before the Ex-

piration of the

Term for which

they are trinf-

to fufler Death;

III. And be it further enacted, That such Person and Persons so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, and Offenders re-

afterwards found at large within Great Britain, may be tried for such Offence either in the County wheie

such Person or Persons was or were so convicted and ordered to be transported as aforesaid, or in such WhcreFto be °n*

County where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended and taken (such County being within England tried, &c.w

or Wales) ; and in such latter Cafe the Clerk or other Person having the Custody of ^Records of the

Court by which such Person or Persons was or were ordered to be transported, shall certify a Transcript,

briefly containing the Tenor and ElFcft of the Record of the Indictment, Verdict, and Judgment, agau ft

such Person and Persons *, which Certificate, being produced to the Court before whom such Person or

Persons shall (land on their Trial, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of the Indictment,.

Verdict, and Judgment contained in such Record.

CAP.

