14 C. 5. ving Annoying tricei'imo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

lurtices may

settle Disputes

between Maf-

tets «r.d hired

Servants in-

rolled, respect-

ing Wagesj &c.

This Act not

to be a Prece-

dent lordimi-

ni thing the

Rights of the

City of London.

How Fines may

be recovered,

and how ap-

plied

No Order to be

removed by

Certiorari, nor

any Writ to

superfedc Exe-

cution.

Clerks of the

Peace, Treafu-

rers, Clerks of

Petty Sessions,

Cpnltables, &c.

to receive such

Rewards as the

Justices shall

judge proper,

who shall direct

Payment.

If Treasurer

/hall not have

sufficient of the

County Rates

to pay such Re-

ward, the Jus-

tices may make a

XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall

be inrolled, and any Dispute shall nrife between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such

Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his Service per-

formed before the Time of such Inrolment, or to such 'Time as he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his

said Mailer or Mistress, Employer or Employers, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to

any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate, or Place where such

Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such

Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant or any other Witiicfs or Witnesses, touching the

fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proi>ortion to the Ser-

vice he has performed, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Non-

payment of any Sums so ordered, by the Space of seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice

shall and may issue forth his and their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat-

tels of such Mailer or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to die Owner or Owners,

after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing

herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to be a Precedent on any future Occasion to diminish or

be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, or the Fieemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants

of the said City, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage, or otherwise

howsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed,

which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, (except the Fines to be levied for not railing the Proportion

of Men as herein-before is directed,) shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or lnfoi n.ation, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality

of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chejicr, Lancaster, and Durham, (as the Cafe shall re-

quire,) wherein no Lftoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum

of twenty Pounds, shall, upon Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any two or more Justices of the

Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale

of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering

the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person

whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold ; and for Want of fufliciem Distress such

Justices are hereby required, in all Cafes where no particular 'Lime of Commitment is herein-before di-

redted, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence

shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such

Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act,

shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof,

with full Costs of Suit, to him or them that will inform or sue for the lame.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Justice or Justices of

the Peace by virtue of this Act shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever; and that no

Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so

made in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon;

any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respediive Clerks of the

Peace, Treasurers, Clerks of Justices at Petty Sessions, Constables, and other Officers, who are hereby re-

spectively required to execute this Act in any o( the Particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively

execute the fame to the Satisfaction of the Justices of the Peace at their reipedtive Quarter Sessions assembled

within the said Counties, Ridings, Diviftons, Cities, Towns, Cinque Ports, Liberties, and Piaces herein

mentioned, shall have and receive such Rewards, and no other, (except such Rewards as shall be directed to

be paid to any Person for his Pains or Charges in railing Substitutes as herein before is directed,) for their

Care and Trouble in and about the executing this Act, and for their respective Expences and Chaiges in the

fame, as the said Justices shall judge rhe laid Officers to have deserved, and the said justices shall, after Al-

lowance thereof, direct the same to be paid by the Treasurer or other Officer of such County, Riding, or Di-

vifton, out of any Money in his HanJs of the County Rates ; and if such T reafurer or Officer shall not have

sufficient Money in his Hands of trie County Rates to pay the fame, then such Justices shall, and arc hereby

authorized and required to make a Rate for the Payment of the same, in such Manner and Form as they are

authorized by Law to make Rates for the Repair ot Gaols or County Bridges, or any other Purposes for

which the Rate commonly called The County Rate is or may by Law be applicable.

Rate.

If a Place united

■with any Coun-

ty is not liable

to pay County

Rates, the fuf-

ticcs fh^ll af-

certainthe Pro-

portion which

n ou&ht to pay.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Diflridt, Town, Liberty, or Place,

which is hereby united with any County for the Purpolesof this Act, is not liable to such County Rate, then

the said Justices hereby appointed for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, shall, and they

are hcieby authorize d and required jointly to alccrtain the Proportions of such Rate which ought to be de-

frayed by such Distnct, Town, Liberty, or Place, according to the Number of inhabited Houses paying

Taxes within the same, and the Amount so ascertained shall be levied within such District, Town, Liberty,

or Place, by the Justices thereof, by a Rato in the same Manner as any Justices might in a County levy

for County Purposes*

10

XL, And

