icrifctd, and the

Names of such

Subscribers to be

transmitted to

the Tax Office.

501. Penalty for

atfting as Com-

missioner with-

to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at Somerset Place^ in the County of Middlesex9

by the Clerk of the General Meeting of the Commissioners, or the Clerks of the D*vision Meeting* re-

spectively ; and if any Person shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, - presume to act as a Commissioner in Execution of any of the Acts relative to the Duties

under the~Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (except in administering the said

Oath,) before he shall fiav* taken the fame Oath herein mentioned, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds,

out having taken the Oath.

No Person to

aft without

taking the Oath

of Allegiance,

6tC.

• /yicffbrs to take

I he following

Oath,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend, or be construed to

extend, to authorize any Person to act in the Execution of this Act, without first taking the Oath of Alle-

giance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, or taking and subscribing the Declaration of Fidelity, required by

any Law now in Force to be taken or made and subscribed in the Manner and in the Cafes therein pre-

ferred.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed an Assessor of the

said Rates and Duties granted by this Act, {ball, and he is hereby required to take an Oath, or, being one

of the People called JQuakersy to make and lublcribe a solemn Affirmation, in the following Form j (that

is to say,)

4 T A.B. do swear, [<?r, affirm, as the Cafe may require,] That in the Assessment which I am required to

4 make by Authority of the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Com-

4 missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and now in Force, I will aft faithfully and honestly, and without

4 Favour or Affection, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge. So help me GOD.*

which twoCcm-

missioners may

administer.

591. Peralty for

acting as an Af-

Yelfbr without

taking the Oath.

No Cofomif-

fioner to act in

London, St.

Martin-le-

Grand,orWeft-

minster,without

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Riding, Shire, Stew-

artry. City, or Place, where the Aftefl'ments are to be made, are hereby authorized and required to ad-

minister; and if any Person so to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid, from and after the said fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, {hall presume to act in the Fxecutioivof the said Office

or Employment of an Assessor before he {hall have taken the said Oath or Affirmation, (as the Cafe {hall

require,) he {hall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to authorize any Person to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act,

or any of the Powers herein contained, within the City of London, and Liberty of Saint Afartin-le-Grandy

nor within the City and Liberty of Westminster, without taking the Oath, or making and subscribing the

Affirmation, of his Qualification, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

• taking the following

Oath of hi* 4 t A. B. do swear, [$r, affirm, as the Cafe may require,] "^hat truly and bond fide I have such an Estate,

Qualification, 4 consisting of [speerfying the fame] of the clear Value of two thousand Pounds, over and above what

4 will satisfy and discharge all my Debts. So help me GOD.*

which may be

administered by

any Commis-

fioner of those

Distrias.

Penalty of 2001.

for acting with-

out taking the

Oath.

If the Charge

or Surcharge,

in a t afe trans-

mitted to the

Judges, &c.

shall he con-

firmed,the Party

shall pay 40s.

Colts to his

Majesty.

Commissioners

may have the

Opinion of any

of the Judges,

&c. in Matters

of Law anting

on any Appeal,

on stating the

Cafe specially,

Which Oath or Affirmation any one of the Persons qualified and appointed to act as a Commissioner within

the City of London, the Liberty of Saint Martin-lc-Grand, or within the City and Liberty of ff^ejlminster

respectively, is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the fame hath not

himself previoufty taken the fame Oath, or made or subscribed the fame Affirmation ; and if any Person

shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, presume to

aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, within the

City of London and Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, or within the City and Liberty of Westminfhr,

(except in administering the said Oath or Affirmation last mentioned,) before he shall have taken such Oath,

or made such Affirmation, as is before directed, he shall forfeit for ever^ such Offence the Sum of two

hundred Pounds. - , I Ptr» I. 2 1

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, according to the Opinion of any of

the Justices, Judges, or Barons, in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in the Court of Session or Court

of Exchequer in Scotlandy to whom any Cafe hath been or shall, at the Request of the Appellant or Ap-

pellants, be transmitted in pursuance of any of the Directions contained in the said Acts, or any of them,

the Charge or Surcharge, upon which the Question contained in such Cafe shall have arisen, shall, alter

the passing of this Act, be confirmed and established, the Person or Persons so charged or surcharged {hall,

for the Costs and Charges attending the fame, pay, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs,

the Sum of forty Shillings, in Addition to the Charge or Surcharge, or the Part thereof, so confirmed and

established as aforesaid ; and which Costs {hall be added to such A lie Ament, and levied and collected there-

with, and as Part of the Rates and Duties so assessed.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners before whom any Appeal

shall be depending, {hall, previous to their Determination thereupon, be desirous of obtaining the Opinion

of any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons, in any Matter of Law arising upon such Appeal, it shall

be lawful for the said Commissioners to ftute specially, after communicating to the Party complaining, such

intended Statement, and sign the Cafe upon which the Doubts of the said Commissioners arose ; and the

said Commissioners are hereby required to adjourn the Determination of such Appeal until the Opinion of

such Justice, Judge, or Baron, shall be obtained ; and every such Justice, Judge, or Baron, is hereby re-

\ quircu,

