876

Foreign Salt not

to be imported

in Vcfll Is of less

than 40 Tons

Burthen, on Pe-

nalty of For-

feiture, with the

Vessel, &c.

No $alt or Ro.k

Salt to be im-

ported into

Great Britain

from Ireland,

Guernsey, Jer-

fey, Sark, Al-

derney, Qr Man.

If any VcfTl be

found at An-

chor, or hover-

ing within cer-

tain Limits,

having Salt or

Rock Salt on

board, except

for the U fe of

the Seamen on

board, the Salt

may be feiz .d,

with the Vef-

fel, Sec.

Forfeiture not

to extend to

Fishing Vessels

having on board

a necessary

Quantity of Salt

received from

entered Ware-

houses, or other

Fishing Vessels.

Rock Salt may

be made into

White Salt at

Places duly en-

tered.

Penalty of 2001,

for refining

Rock Salt at un-

authorized

Places.

Makers of Salt,

Refiners of

Rock Salt, and

Proprietors of

Salt Mines or

Works, to make

Entry of certain

Particul irs, on

Penalty of xool.

with the Salt,

Sc c.

C. 89. ving Annoying tricesimoo&avo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1798.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Salt shall be imported or brought into Great Britain,

or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than forty

Tons, (excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in

which the fame shall be imported, not exceeding five Pounds Weight for each Seaman,) upon Pain of

forfeiting all such Salt, together with the Casks and other Packages respectively containing the fame, and

also the Ship or Vessel in or on board of which the fame shall be for imported or brought, with her Guns,

Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Salt or Rock Salt, whether the Produce or Manufacture of

Great Britain or of any other Country, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port*

Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from Ireland, or the Blands of Guerrjey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or

A'lan; and that if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid,

excepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in which the

fame shall be imported, not exceeding two Pounds Weight for each Seaman, and flowed fairly and openly

in such Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported; or if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, shall

be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues

of the Coast of Great Britain, or shall be discovered to have been within such Limits or Distance, and not

proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity or

Distress of Weather, of which Necessity or Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge

or Command of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall give Notice to, and make Proof before the Collector or

other Chief Officer of the Customs or Excise of the Port within the Limits of which such Ship, Vessel, or

Boat, shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within the Limits of

such Port, having on board any Salt or Rock Salt, except as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe, not

only all such Salt and Rock Salt respectively, together with the Casks and other Packages respectively con-

taining the fame, but also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on board which the fame shall be found as aforesaid,

with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, whether Bulk (bad

then have been broken or not, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or

Excise : Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act mail extend, or be deemed or construed

to extend, to forfeit any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for having Salt on board, if such Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

shall be known to be regularly and ulually employed in Fishing, and shall have in or on board the fame no

more or other Salt than shall have been duly received from some entered Warehouse for keeping Fishery

Salt, or from some other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, employed in Fishing; and if such Salt shall not exceed

the Quantity which shall be necessary for preserving such Quantity of Fish, as may be reasonably expected

to be thereafter taken by the Crew of such Ship, or Vessel, or Boat, on or during the particular Trip or

Voyage, in which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be then engaged or employed ; any Thing in this Act

contained to the contrary hereof in any wise nptwithstanding.

XV. 4 And whereas it is expedient that Rock Salt should be allowed to be refined and made into White

4 Salt at such Refineries cf Rock Salt in England, as have heretofore been entered and used for that Pur-

4 pose ;’ be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand (even hundred

and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to refine Rock Salt, and make the fame into White Salt, at

such Salt Works and Places (and at no other) which arc or shall be erected or set up, and duly entered,

for the refining of Rock Salt, at any Place within the Distance of ten Miles of and from the Salt Mine or

Salt Pit from which the Rock Salt intended to be refined shall be raised or taken, or which shall have been

duly entered and used for the refining of Rock Salt, and making the same into White Salt, at any Time

previous to the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall refine any Rock Salt, or make the

fame into White Salt, at any Place or Salt Work, save and except at such Place or Places, or Salt Work

or Salt Works, as is and are authorized, or shall be licensed under the Provisions of this Act, he, (he, or

they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons being a Maker or Makers of Salt,

or a Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt

Refinery, or Salt Work, shall, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred anJ

ninety-eight, or before he, (he, or they shall presume to make any Salt, or to refine any Rock Salt, or to

dig, raise, or take any Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, make true and particular

Entry, in Writing, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits of which such Sait Mine, Salt

Pit, Salt Work, or Salt Refinery shall be situate, of each and every Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Refinery,

and Salt Work whatsoever, belonging to such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or

Proprietors as aforesaid, specifying,the Parish and Place where the fame shall be situate, and also the Num-

ber and Situation of all YVorkhouses, Sheds, Cisterns, Receivers, Reservoirs, Pans, Stoves, Rooms, Lofts,

Warehouses, Storehouses, and other Places which he, (he, or they shall at any Time have or use for the

taking, raising, preparing, making, refining, drying, storing, laying, or keeping of Salt or Rock Salt, on

Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Entry as aforesaid, the Sum of one hundred

Pounds, together with 4\\ the Salt or Rock Salt, and the Packages containing the fame, and also all the

* * Preparations,

k

