213

Leases signed by

a Mark of Set-

tlers on Lands

purchased by the

firitiih Society,

and witnessed

by the Minister,

4kc. valid.

a 4

Two Justices

may determine

tCanfes not cx

cecdirg 4c!

Scots.

0

.How cause

shall be pro-

ceeded upon.

Wairant to au-

thorize Wit-

ndH's to befiim-

moned for

Plaintiff and

Defender.

Witnesses rot

a^x*aring at the

first or adjourn-

Meeting,

baUe to Penalty.

C. 123.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795,

4 Leases, renewable for ever, to such Persons a9 are inclined to settle there and to build Houses, with a View

4 of carrying on the said Fisheries: And whereas many of the Settlers have not been taught to write, and

4 cannot sign and execute legal and effectual Counterparts of such Leases otherwise than according to the

4 Formalities required by the Law of Scotland in the Cafe of Persons who cannot write, which are, that

4 two Notaries Public and four Witnesses shall be present when such Persons do affix their Mark to any

4 Deed or obligatory Writing, and should attest the fame, and that, from the great Distance of such Places

4 from the residence of any Notaries Public, great Expence and Delays have arisen, and must arise, in

4 signing such Leases, which has retarded and mud retard the Progress of such V illages be it therefore en-

abled, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Settlers in any of

the Villages eredded or to be eredfed on any Lands purchased by the British Society for the Purposes afore-

said, to sign with their respective Marks if they cannot write, in the Piefenceof the Refulent Minister of

the nearest Church to such Settlement, and of two Elders of such Church, who shall attest: the fame* or in

the Prefcnceof the Sheriff Substitute, or of any Justice of Peace, of the respective Counties, and of two

such Elders, who shall in like Manner attest the fame,instead of two Notaries and four Witnesses; and that

all Leases so signed by a Mark by the said Settler?;, and attested in Manner aforesaid, shall be as binding

and eft'ectual in Law, as if the fame had been signed in the Presence of two Notaries and four Witnesses, and

that no Objection shall lie against the Validity of such Leases on Account of their being renewable for ever

arty Law or Usage of Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

V CAP. CXXIII. ' ;

An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining

Small causes, arising out of Perlonal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland.—[26th June 1795.]

"Y^HEREAS an easy, expeditious, and cheap Method of recovering Small Debts, and determining

4 Small causes, arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called

4 Scotland, would be of great Advantage in the Administration of Justice, particularly to the lower Ranks

4 of PeopleMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advicfc and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Tempera), and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful

and competent for any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, within their respective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try, and determine, as shall appear to

them agreeable to Equity and good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them concerning

the Recovery of Debts, and the determining of Small causes, or making effectual any Demand arising out

of Personal Contract or Obligation; provided always, that the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value

of Forty Pounds Scots> exclusive of Costs, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly after men-

tioned. " - ... j ./ ' , ‘ J

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such causes shall proceed upon Petition or

Complaint, stating shortly the Cause or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; which

Complaint, being signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or any Deputy by him appointed, or in case of his

failing to appoint, by a Clerk to be appointed within the respective Districts as herein-after mentioned, shall

be a Warrant for any Constable or Peace Officer for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the

next Meeting of the Justices of Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender re-

futes, the fame not being sooner than fix Days after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning

Witnesses to the same Day and Place: Provided always, that a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint,

with the Citation annexed, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer to the Defender personally, or

left at his Dwelling-house; in which last Cafe, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a second

Time personally, or at his Dwelling-house, upon a new Warrant or Order, subjoined to the original Pe-

tition, and signed by any one Justice of the Peace, to appear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a

Meeting to be held by Adjournment for the Purpose, and nxed by the Justices at the said first Diet, which

second Meeting not to be sooner than three Days from the Date of the first, or in Default, to be held as

confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand; and the Constable or Peace Officer shall in both Cafes return

an Execution of Citation, signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly

cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid. " , . ..

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the original Warrant, signed by the Justice of

Peace Clerk, or his Deputy, shall contain an Authority to the Officer to summon Witnesses not only for the

Plaintiff or Pursuer, but also for the Defender, if the Officer shall at any Time before the Diet of Appear-

alice be required by the Defender to cite such Witnesses.

% « W

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Witnesses cited either upon the one Part

or the other do not appear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Party

or Parties to apply for a new Warrant for compelling them to attend at the next stated or adjourned Meeting,

which Warrant may be fvgned by any one Justice of the Peace, and may require them to attend in order to

give Evidence, under the Penalty of twenty Shilling sterling, to be awarded by the Justice of Peace in

Default of their Appearance, unless a reatonable Excuie be offered and sustained, and- to be recovered by the

Party at whose Instance they were cited, in the fame Form and Manner as is herein directed with regard to

other Small Debts; or, in the Option of the Justices of Peace, to be imprisoned (or a certain Time in the

County Prison, not exceeding ten Days. -:

R Y* And

