604.

liable to Seizure,

and inflicts Pu-

luihment on

Officers nt gleb-

ing to seize

them, and grants

Rewards to Per-

sons making

Complaint of

such Neglefi,

repealed.

Contiruance

cf Ad.

C. 102, 103. Anno tricesimo feptimo G eorgii III. A.D. 1797-

should not exceed the Sum of twenty-one Pounds Sterling for any one Stil! so seized as aforesaid ; and if any

Person (not being an Officer of Excise) should make Ddcovery of any Still liable 10 Seizure and Forfeiture

as aforesaid, so as that the fame should be seized and condemned, such Person or Persons lLould be entitled

to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling for every Gallon of the Capacity or Content of such

Still, to be paid on the Condemnation thereof; provided also, that such Reward should not exceed the Sum

of ten Pounds and ten Shillings for any one Still so forfeited as la.il aforesaid ; and the Officers or Officer of

Excise by whom the fame should be seized should also be entitled to a Reward of one Shilling Sterling ior

every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, so that such last mentioned Reward lhouid not for

any one Still exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings Sterling, and that such several Rewards should

be paid by Order of the said Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid; and if by Reason of the small Size of any

such Still or Stills the said Commissioners of Excise should think any of the Rewards aforesaid inefficient,

the said Commissioners should and they were thereby authorized to augment the fame respecVively, not ex-

ceeding the respedVive Sums aforesaid; and also so much of the said Acts as further ena£ls, that if any Officer

of Excise should, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after he should have received Information of such Still

being unlawfully erected, used, or kept, or of any Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, prepared and

intended to be unlawfully used in Distilladon, wilfully negledf to seize the fame respectively, every such

Officer so offending should, upon Complaint made thereof, and Proof of the Fadtto’the Satisfaction of the

Commissioners of Excise in Scotland\ be difinifled from his or their Office, and should never afterwards be

capable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Place of Trust whatever, and lhouid moreover forfeit and

lose all such Salary as should be due to him at the Time of his Dismission; and in case the Person or Persons

making such Complaint should be the same Person or Persons who gave the Information as aforesaid to the

Officer or Officers so dismissed, such Person or Persons should be entitled to a Reward of one Shilling and

Sixpence Sterling for every Gallon of the Contents or Capacity of the said Still or Stills, to be paid by the

Order of the said Commissioners of Excise out of the Revenues of Excise; shall be and the fame and every

Part thereof are hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Regulations and Provisions of this Act shall continue

and be in force until one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

.CAP. CHI. ; ;^

An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain

called Scotland.— [19th July 1797.]

WHEREAS it has been found, from Experience, that the well-ordering and disciplining the Militia

in England and Wales, has essentially contributed to the Safety of the United Kingdom : And

whereas it would further contribute to the fame Purpose, and tend to repel any Attempt which the Ene-

mies of this Country may make to effect a Delcent upon this Kingdom, if a well ordered and disciplined

Militia were established in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland: And whereas the Laws now

in being lor the Regulation of the Fencible Men, or Militia, in Scotland, are defe£tive and ineffectual:*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Lieutenants whom his

Majesty has already been pleased to constitute and appoint, or whom he hereafter may or shall from Time

to 1 ime be pleased to constitute and appoint, for the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, hereinafter

mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, array, and cause to

be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner as is hereinafter directed ; and the said Lieutenants,

and such Persons as they have appointed, or shall from Lime to l ime appoint, their Deputy Lieutenants,

and also such Persons as his Majesty shall from Time to Time appoint to serve as Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels,

Majors, and such Officers as shall be appointed by the Lieutenants of the Counties and Stewartries pursuant

to the Directions of this Act, qualified as hereinafter directed, shall have the Power and Authority to call out,

train, discipline, and command, the Persons so to be aimed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders,

and Directions, hereinafter mentioned : Provided always, that the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry,

City, or Place, shall have the chief Command of the Militia thereof, whilst they remain within the said County,

Stewartry, City, or Place, or whilst they remain separate and not incorporated into Battalions by his Ma-

jesty’s Commands, as hereinafter directed.

The Lieutenants

of Counties may

call together,

and cause to be

trained, certain

Persons; and

they and the De-

puty Lieuten-

ants, and Of-

ficers, ni?y d»f-

cipiinc them.

Lieutenant to

have the chief

Command

whilst the Mi-

within the County? or whilst not incorporated.

Mode of ap-

pointing the Of-

ficers to Com-

panies, furnish-

l y one or

more than two

Counties;

and where fur-

nished by two

Counties.

II. And be it further ervaded. That when any^ County or Stewartry shall furnish Men Efficient for one

or more complete Company or Companies, the Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of such Company or

Companies shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County; and where the Men so furnished shall

not be sufficient for a Company, the Lieutenant of the County furnishing the greatest Fractional Part of

such Company shall appoint the Captain ; the Lieutenant of the County furnishing the next most consider-

able Frational Part shall appoint the Lieutenant; and the Lieutenant of the County furnishing the next

most considerable Fractional Part Hull appoint the Ensign. r>./

III, And be it further enacted, Fhat where the Men furnished by two Counties only are required to

form one Company, or the Fractional Part of a Company, the Lieutenant of the Coanty furr.i thing the

largest P rational Part cf such Company shall appoint the Captain; and the Lieutenant of lbs other County

shall appoint the Lieutenant and Ensign.

’ IV. And

