839

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 74, 75, 76.

Miners as Serjeants and Corporals of Militia are, by the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his Majesty’s Reign,

reauired to take to serve in the Militia, changing only what ought to be changed.

aXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in the said Act of the

twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and in any other Act of Parliament concerning the Militia Forces

of England, for holding the several General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy of the several Coun-

ties and Places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other Meetings, and for procuring and compelling

Returns, and proceeding thereon, and for ballotting Men to serve in the said Militia; and all and every the

Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Mat-

ters, and Things contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other

Act of Parliament now in force relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out the said Mi-

litia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or in any Act respecting the paying,

cloathing, or fubnding the Militia, or touching the billetting the said Militia, or otherwise touching such

Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to the Regiment hereby directed to

be raised, in as full and ample Manner as if all and every such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regula-

tiens, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, and Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things had been again

repeated and enacted in this Act, so far as the fame respectively are applicable to the Provisions of this Act,

and are not repugnant to or altered thereby.

XXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all and every the Sums of Money which,

according to the Provisions made by Law for the Maintenance of the Families of Militia Men, and by vir-

tue of this Act, shall be paid for the Maintenance of the Families of Men serving in pursuance of this Act,

and all and every the Bounties to be paid under this Act, shall be repaid to every such Parish or Place out of

the general Rates of the County by the Treasurer of the County in which such Parish or Place shall happen

to be, in pursuance of any Order by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be made for that

furpose. ’ ,

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.—[21ft June 179&.J

[Sum to be raised 667,916/. 131.4*/. Amount of Prizes 500.000l. Number of Tickets 50,000.

17,074 Prizes (viz* three of 20,000 /. four of 10,000l. five of 5000l. five of 2000l. ten of 1000l. fif-

teen of 500l. thirty of 100l. one hundred of 50/ sixteen thousand nine hundred of 20/. the first-drawn

Blank 1000l. and the first-drawn Blank on the last Day of drawing 500l.) Lottery to begin drawing

Feb. 11, 1799. Price of Tickets 13/. 7 s. id. Tickets to begin delivering July 27, 1798. Prizes to be

paid Aug. 1, 1799 <A1 other Rejpetts the Ail is the fame as that of the preceding Sej[iony Cap. 113.]

( CAR LXXVI.

An Act for the better Profeftion of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new

and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Ton-

nage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the

signing the pieliminary Articles of Peace.—[28th June 1798.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

4 TI1 HEREAS it will add to the Security of T rade to prevent Ships failing without Convoy, except in-

certain Cafes: And whereas it is expedient that certain Duties should be imposed, in order tode-

4 fray the extraordinary Expence arising from the Protection given to the increased and extensive Com-

4 merce of these Kingdoms: We, therefore, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons

4 of Great Britain in Parliament assembled. have resolved to grant to your Majesty the Duties hereinafter

4 mentioned; and for the PurposeS aforefa?d, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ and be it en-

abled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a-flembled> and by the Authority of the same,

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall not be law-

ful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects (except as is hereinafter provided) to fail

or depart from any Port or Place whatever, unless under the Convoy and Protection or such Ship or Ships,

Vessel or Vedels, as shall or may be appointed for that Purpose.

tided) to fail without Convoy. (See § 6. 8. ia./c

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mader or other Person having the Charge or Command of every

frich Ship or Vessel which shall fail or depart under the Protection of Convoy, shall and is hereby required

to use his utmod Endeavours to continue with such Convoy during the Whole of the Voyage, or during

Inch Part thereof as such Convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such Ship or Vedel, and shall

not wilfully separate or depart therefrom upon any Pretence whatever, without Order or Leave for that Pur-

pose from the Officer having the Command of such

The Provisions.

of z6 G«». 3.

c. 107. and

other A£h

concerning the

Miliria Force*

in England,

for holding

Meetings, Sec.

to extend to this

Act, so tar as

app.icable.

Maintenance of

Men’s Families,

and Bounties,

under this All,

to be repaid out

of the County

Rates.

From July 5,

1798, no Velfct

belonging to hi*

Majesty's Sub-

jects (except a*

herein pro-

r the Exceptions.)

M fters of

VelfUs not to

separate from

Convoy without

Leave.

HI* And

