8i6

Attorney Gene-

ral,&c. mayday

Proceedings.

After fix

Months, Penal-

ties shall be

recoverable only

in the Name of

the Attorney

General, See.

and be paid to

Commissioners

of Taxes, who

may reward the

Jniormcr.

Persons forging.

Sec. any Con-

trail, Align-

ment, Certifi-

cate,or Receipt,

guilty of Felony

Without Rencfit

of Clergy.

Limitation of

Actions.

Central I flue.

Treble Costs.

Land Tax

Commissioners,

tec. being

Justices of the

Peace, may hear

Appeals under

this Afit.

Persons ag-

grieved in Sale

of Land Tax

(the Confldera-

tien for which

/hail not exceed

500I. Stock),

may appeal to

such Commis-

floners at the

C. 60.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

tedlion, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed ; but nevertheless it shall

be lawful for his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or his Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, in case it

shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such last-mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without In-

tention of Fraud, to (say all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as

well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share there-

of belonging to his Majesty. 'wi a irMfcdWV

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time

hereinbefore limited, no such last-mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except in

the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, by

Information in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Cafe the Whole of

such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ; and that all Penalties and

Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the

Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the U(e of his Majesty ; and that in all Cafes where the

Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not ex-

ceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences

incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall ap-

pear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered j any

Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. r ’

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or

procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counter-

feiting, or altering, any Contractor Contracts for the Sale of any Land Tax, or any Alignment or Align-

ments of such ContraCt or Contracts, or of any Portion of Land Tax therein comprised, or any Certificate

or Certificates of the Commissioners of Land Fax or of Supply, or any Chief Magistrate authorized by this

ACt to make out such Certificate or Certificates, or of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the

Crown, or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, of the

Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Certificate or Cer-

tificates, or attested Copy of a Certificate or Certificates, directed by this Act to be made out by the

proper Officer to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to2ny

rerlon or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or

altered Contract or Contracts* Assignemnt or Assignments, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts

knowing the fame to be forged,* counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whom(oever, then and in

every such Cafe all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof,

/ball be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of

Clergy. ‘

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Adtiort or Suit shall be brought against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within fix

Months next after the Fadtcommitted, and not afterwards, and shall belaid in the County or Place where

the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant.or Defendants in every such Action

or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial

to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit,

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defend-

ant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the lameas

any Defendant hath in any other Cafes to recover Costs by Law. - • /* VT

CXX. And belt further enacted. That the several Persons who are or shall be named or appointed Com-

missioners of Land Tax, in or by any Act or Acts now in force., or hereafter to be passed to carry into Lxe-

cutionthe Act of (he present Session of Parliament before mentioned, or this Act, in any County, Riding,or

Place, such Persons being also Justices of the Peace of and for the same County, Riding, or Place, ami

not being Persons specially appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, (ha>l be Com-

missioners for the Purpose of hearing Appeals to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Divilion of the

County or Riding, or the District within which they usualiy act as Commissioners of Land Tax and Juf-

tices of the Peace as aforesaid.. , . v *

CXXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think himfilf, herself, or them-

selves aggrieved by any Determination of the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of

this Act, with relation to any Right or Benefit of Preference in, or any Right of Redemption of any Land

Tax to be sold by virtue of this Act, or with relation to the Sale or Mortgage of any Messuages, Land?,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Grant of any Relit Charge thereout, for any of the Purjxjfes of this

Act with relation to the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, (for the Redemption or Purchase of

which not more than five hundred Pounds Capital Stock, in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities,

would be transferred inxhe Whole if such Land»Ta* was redeemed or purchased,) it ibalk be lawfol for such

Person

