5l8

Commissioners

to certify their

Allowance of

such Extension

hi the following

Form.

Copies of Certi-

ficates to be en-

tered in the

Commissioners

Books.

Before receiving

Certificates, the

lmereft of Loans

to be paid.

Remedies of the

Act 35 Geo. 111.

Cap. lay- for

.compelling Re-

payment of Ex-

chequer Bills, to

continue where I

His Majesty

may empower

the Treasuryto

direct Exche-

quer Bills to be

made out /or

.600,000!. to the

Commissioners.

C. 27.. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III

A.D. 1796.

or compel the Repayment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or

extended Times as aforesaid. ' * + <v

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant

or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Repayment of such Loan, or any Instalment

thereof, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of

any five or more of them, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

W^HEREAS the Commissioners named in and appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament,

passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling hit

Majesty to direel the IJjue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner

'therein mentioned\ did, on the Day of advance to the Sum

of in Exchequer Bills, who thereupon entered into and executed a Bond to his Majesty,

in the penal Sum of conditioned for the Payment of the said Sum of with

Interest, by Instalments, according to the said Act- And whereas by an Adf, passed in the thirty-seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Powers given by the said Act,

and for extending the Times limited by the said Act for the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer

Bills ifl'ued in pursuance of the fame, the said Commissioners are authorized, upon the Application of the

Persons who have received Advances of Exchequer Bills under the first mentioned Act, and upon such

Security and Consent being given to and deposited with the said Commissioners as is mentioned in the

said last mentioned Act, to extend the Time for Repayment of the Amount of fuel) Exchequer Bills, not

exceeding two Years from the respective Times when the several Instalments are made payable by the said

first mentioned Act: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to extend the

Time for the Payment of [the Whole of the said Loan in Exchequer Bills, or the first, second, or third In-

ftalments, as the fame may be\ for the Space of from the I ime [0r respective I imesj when

the fame became payable according to the said first mentioned Act, and hath given Security for Payment

thereof at such extended Period, which hath been approved by five or more of the said Commissioners:

Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, and Se*ds affixed, being five of the said Commissioners,

do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in the said last mentioned Act, certify, That we have granted

and allowed to the said the further Time of for Repayment of the

laid Sum of from the Time [or respective Times] when the fame became payable accord-

ing to the said first mentioned Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

And such Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Allowance shall be made, and.

a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates or Allowances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by

the said Commissioners for that Purpose- . -

4 ^ i r i ty i 1* i Jv > v

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and every Persons and Person to whom such

Enlargement or Extension of Time, for the Payment of the said Instalments, or any or either of them, shall

be granted or allowed under the Powers and Authorities herein-before given for that Purpose, shall, previous

to receiving the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the fame, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Com-

missioners, or such Persons or Person as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same,

Interest for the Whole of the said Loan, or so much thereof as shall remain due or unpaid at the Time when

such Grant or Allowance shall be made ; such Interest to be paid, in case the Whole of the said Loan shall

remain due and unpaid, within three Months, to be computed from the fifth Day of January one thouUnd

seven hundred and ninety-seven; or if any of such Instalments shall have been paid or satisfied before such

Grant or Allowance, then within three Months from the Time when the next accruing Instalment is made

payable in pursuance of the said recited Act.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That the said Act herein before recited, and all Remedies

thereby provided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued

and advanced under the fame as aforesaid, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in

all Cafes, where the Time for Repayment hath not been enlarged and extended according to the Provisions

of this Act.

he Tillies have not been extended. * e,

XL 4 And whereas Exchequer Bills to the Amount of nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds only, hav-

4 ing been hitherto issued under the Powers and Authorities given by the said herein before recited Act, and

4 it being expedient to grant further Relief to Persons connected with, and trading to, the said Islands of

1 Grenada and Saint Vincents \ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for the King’s most excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign

Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, now or (or the 1 mie

4

4

4

c

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer (or the Time being, out of any

granted for the Supply of the present Year, to cause or direct to be issued and paid, at the Receipt of h

Majesty’s Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds to the

Commissioneis hereby appointed, to be by them advanced and paid from Time to 'l ime for the Accommo-

dation of such Persons connected with, and trading to, the said Islands, or either of them, as shall be dchrmis

thereof, upon such Security, and under such Rules and Regulations, as arc herein mentioned

contained; * • • *'• * » • . -

