I

4

A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

c- 33-

731

Gazette shall.be deemed sufficient Notice of such Order to all Persons bound to obey the fame; and upon

any Trial for any such Offence, the Production of the London Gazette, containing any such Proclamation

or Order, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Proclamation or Order.

VI. And whereas the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom has of late very much in-

J f /-v f im*«V / f Ua n Mrl f Ua so 1 H T' i*o/laia ^ ka 1 ^ ♦Urt »*A^A\r a Pkof a r»na«» l^ilClC

called

__________, . w _T ____ igdom for

the Purpose of Exportation, shall be marked or stamped on the Outside thereof, in Roman Letters not less

than four Inches in Length, with the Word Glass and in cale any such Glass shall be so imported or

brought for Exportation, without having the outside Package thereof marked or stamped as aforesaid, such

Glass, together with the Package, and all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, contained therein, shall be

forfeited.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand of every Ship or Vessel in which any such Glass shall be imported into this Kingdom, or brought

for the Purpose of Exportation, shall, in the Report of his Ship’s Cargo, express every Package or Pack-

ages in which such Glass inall be contained, as containing Glass; and in case any Package shall be found

on board such Ship or Vessel containing such Glass, the Contents of which shall not have been reported

as Glass, such Package, together with the Glass, shall be forfeited, and the Master or other Person having

or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Glass shall be imported into this Kingdom, or brought

Purpose of Exportation, in any Package whatever, which shall not contain five

hundred Weight nett at least of such Glass, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof: Provided always,

that this Act shall not extend to forfeit any Plate or Plates of Glass being of the Length of sixty Inches or

upwards, on account of the fame not being imported, or brought in Packages maiked and described as

aforesaid. , to Plates

IX. And be ft further enacted, That this Act, so far as the fame relates to the Importation of Glass,

shall commence and take Effcdl at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after the parting thereof.

X. And whereas it is expedient to permit Coffee and Cocoa warehoused, on Importation in one Port

c of England, to be removed to some other Port thereof, for the greater Convenience of Exportation,’ be it

enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his c-----

more of them, (provided they fee no reasonable Objection thereto,) to gi

of such Coffee and Cocoa from the Port of Importation as aforesaid, to any other Port in England, for the

Purpose of exporting the fame accordingly, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the said

Commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall think fit and proper to require, for the Security of the

Revenue.

Packages con-

taining un-

framed Glass

imported, to

be marked

“ Glass,” on

Penalty of for-

feiture.

into' the fame for the

Matters of Veta

feh to report

every Package

in which such

Glass Hiatt be

imported,onPe-

nalty of its For-

feiture, and100L

Such Glass im-

ported in Pack-

ages not con-

taining 5 Cwt.

forfeited; but

not to extend

6o Inches long.

Commence-

ment of Act rc-

spediing Glass-

Comm ttiontrs

of the Costoms

may permit

warehoused

Coffee and Co-

coa to be re-

moved from ihe

Port import-

ation to another Port, in order to the fame being exported.

v’s Customs, or any

Permission for the R

XI. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Repayment, under certain Cir-

€ cumstances, of the Duties of Customs which have been or may be paid on Goods imported into this

f Kingdom, and which have been or may be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof;* be it further

enabled. That, from and after the parting of this Act, in all Cafes where Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall be lost or destroyed by unavoidable Accident, after the Duties of Customs have been or may be paid

for the fame, and previous to the Landing thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, for the Time being, or the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being,

and they are hereby required to return, in such Manner as they shall respectively judge expedient, the

Amount of the said Duties which shall have been paid before the parting of this Act, or may be paid at any

Time subseouent thereunto, to the Importers or Proprietors of such Goods; provided Proof shall be made,

to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners respectively, that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were

lost or destroyed by unavoidable Accident, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part

of the Proprietor, or his or her Agent, after the fame were imported into and before the fame were landed

in Great Britain; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstandine.

Commissioners

of the Culloms

may return Du-

ties on Goods

lottor destroyed

before landing,

on Proof that it

was by unavoid-

able Acadmi.

I

4 therein, it is amongst other Things enacted f, that in case any of the Vessels therein described shall be

4 found beyond the Limits prescribed in the Licences gianted by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

4 or Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, such Vessels shall and may be seized and proie-

4 cuted in the like Manner as the fame might be or would have been in case of no Licence having been pro-

4 cured: And whereas the said Act docs not extend to Cafes where a Vessel or Boat is found within the

Limits of her Licence, although engaged for or used in a Trade or Employment not permitted or sanctioned

4 by such Licence;* be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, in case any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship,

Vessel, or Boat, for which there shall have been obtained from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, a Licence, limiting or confining the Navi-

Hr " 5 B 2 gadon

-7 Geo. j.c.32.

recited.

S<Jf. 2. e. 47.

t § s-

From July r,

1798, any Cut-

ter, &c. for

which Licence

shall have been

obtained fiom

