A.D. 1798.

ving Annoying tricesimo o#avo G r o r g i i III.

C. 60.

Cornwall, to contract and agree with the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this

A#, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, Rents, or other Revenues respe#ively, and to proceed to the Completion of such Contract, in

such and the like Manner, in all Refpe#s, as is hereinbefore directed in Cafes of Redemption of any Land

Tax, with and subje# to such Benefit of Preference, and with such Power of Redemption as is hereinbefore

given to any Bodies Politic or Corporate by this A#, except where it shall be otherwise expressly provided

by this A#. . r

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by

Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as his Majesty

may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land "Pax charged upon all and

every of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues belonging to the Crown,

within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and such Commissioners arc hereby required,

as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the

several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or

other Revenues ujx>n which the fame is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate

to the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Land Revenue.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Reve-

nues of the Crown, now or for the Time being, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any

Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Mef-

fuages. Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens,

Marshes, or Waste Lands belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer

in England, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able

to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax

charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or any other Revenues of or belonging

to the Crown, and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the fame shall from Time to Time be paid into

the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, under which Title

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open an Account accordingly,

and shall be laid out by Order of the Surveyor General in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum

Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, in like

Manner as is directed by an A#, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sal

Farm and other unimprovable Rents \ but nevertheless in such Manner that the Accounts there

kept separate and distin# from the Accounts of the Sales made, and Stock purchased, in pursuance of that

A#. , V

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made, unless by

Special Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the

Treasury for the Time being.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy

of Lancaster for the Time being, under the Seal of the said Duchy, to nominate and appoint such and

so many Persons as the said Chancellor and Duchy may think proper, for the Purpose of ascertaining the

Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon all and every the Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements,

Rents, and other Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy

and its Officers ; and such last-mentioned Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently

can, to certify and report, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Chancellor and Council, the

Proportions of such Land Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Mef-

fuages. Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Revenues upon which the fame is charged and payable, and

to transmit a Copy of such* Certificate to such Officer of the said Duchy as the said Chancellor and Council

shall appoint. ‘

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General shall have contra# with any

Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, Tythes, or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, the said Surveyor General shall grant

to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand, specifying the Premises so con-

tra# for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the fame ; and the Cashiers of the Bank,

or one of them, shall, upon the Produ#ion of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies

therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame,

without Fee or Reward > and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards enrolled in the Office

of the respe#ive Auditor of the Land Revenue, or in the Office of the Clerk of the Pipe, if the Premiles

shall be in Charge before him ; and such Auditor or Clerk of the Pipe, or their respe#ive Deputy or De-

uties, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his or their Hand or

ands, ar.d return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Puichafers, and from and imme-

diately after such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respe#ive Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors,

or Assigns, shall by Force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Pof-

38 Geo. IH. 5 L fdfion

fr

B

* 801

demption of the

Land Tax on

Lands within

their respe#ive

Surveys, as in

the case of Bo-

dies Corporate.

The King may

appoint Persons

to ascertain the

Land Tax on the

Crown Lands

in the Survey of

the Exchequer ;

a Report of

which shall be

fenttotlicTrta-

fury. '

Surveyor Gene-

ral of the Crown

may contract for

Sale of Part of

the Crown

Lands, to re-

deem the Land

Tax thereon;

the Money to be

paid into the

Bank, and laid

out by his Order

in the Purchase

of 3 per Cent*,

in the Name of

the Treasury', at

under 34 Geo. j.

c. 75 ; but the

Accounts to be

kept distin#

from those un-

der tha* A#.

Such Contra#s

to be made only

by Warrant from

the Treasury.

Chancellor, Sec.

of the Duchy of

Lancaster may

appoint Persont

to ascertain the

Land l ax on

Crown Lands

witbinSurveyof

the Duchy to be

reported to

them.

Surveyor Gene-

ral, on making

a Contract, shall

givcaCertificate

thereof to the

Purchaser; on

the Produ#ion

of which, the

Caftlierg of the

Bank shall re-

ceive hisMoney,

and give him a

Receipt j which

Certiticate and

Receipt shall be

cnroi.cd in the

Office ot Audi-

for of the Laijd

