A.D. 1798.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georg 11 III.

C. 18.

7*5

1 may arise whether it would not be necessary for the Militia Men so met to remove from the same ;’ be it

therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for them to continue and remain there, notwithstanding the Affixes

being then held at such Place.

* IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any of the Supplementary Militia of any

such Subdivision or District shall have been enlisted, previous to such Ballot, into any of his Majesty’s other

Forces, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowings

during the Continuance of the present IVar, a certain Proportion of the Men, rased in pursuance of two Atls

of the last Session of Parliament, for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into his Majestf s other Forces, and to

serve untilfix Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace, and the fame shall have been certified, by the

Commanding Officer of any Regiment into which any of such Men shall have been enlisted, to the Clerk

of such Subdivision or other Meeting as aforesaid, which Certificate every such Commanding Officer is

hereby required to transmit previous to the Day tube appointed for such Ballot, it shall not be lawful to

choose, out of the Men so appearing in such Subdivision or District, a greater Number than will be necessary

to complete one Half of the Number that ought to be enrolled on the Lift of such Subdivision or District,

after reckoning, as Part of such Half, the Men enlisted previous to such Ballot, and who shall be so certi-

fied: Provided also, that where the Militia Men of such Subdivision or District cannot be equally divided,

it shall be lawful to ballot for one Man more than will be necessary to complete the Quota required to be

ballotted for such Subdivision or District.

Where any Met!

have enlisted 1

previous to the

Ballot, pursuant

to C3p. 17 of

this Section; and

the fame has

been certified to

the Clerk of the

Subdivision, no

more fit all be

cliofen than Half

the Number that

ought to he en-

rolled, reckon,

ing as Part there-

of the Men so

enlisted A*

When an equal Division cannot be made, one Man extra lo be chosen.

Any Person or-

dered to be em-

bodied not ap-

pearing, to be

deemed a Defer*

ter under the

Mutiny A£V j

and any Person

harbouring him

to forfeit tool.

Allowance to be

made the Men

who shall not be

chosen by Ballot,

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Supplementary Militia, ordered to be

embodied in pursuance of this Act, (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a

Supplementary*Militia Man,) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia

Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad

which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army

and their Quarters; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Militia Man, when ordered

to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Supplementary Militia, who shall appear

and attend at the Ballot to be taken in pursuance of this Act on whom the Lot shall not fall, shall be

entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of one Shilling per Diem, during the Time be shall be necessarily

employed from Home, in going to, continuing at, and returning from the Place to be appointed for such

Ballot, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled,

■on the Certificate of the Number of Men, so aj

Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace rc

such Justice the Peace

Riding, or Place, shall, on the like Certificate, reimburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any

Monies in his Hands of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax; and the Pay of every

such Man, who shall be embodied in pursuance of this Act, shall commence on the Day of the Date of

his Majesty’s Warrant for drawing the said Militia out into actual Service.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall

be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Receiver General of the Land Tax

for the County, Riding, or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants, and

Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as one Justice of

the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum

or Sums of Money (nail be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein directed

to be made, to the Men of the said Supplementary Militia for their Attendance at the Placd of Ballot;

and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers

General of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and

be allowed in his or their Account. u ' < • ' ' : * ; *

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required

by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then

by one Justice of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and

paid, in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed, and signed, and the Account so examined,

allowed, and signed, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such

Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Militia Man so embodied as aforesaid shall desert,

or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken within the Space of three Months from

the Time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then and in every such Cafe the Deputy Lieurenants, or

any two or more of them, at their first Meeting holden for the said Subdivision for which such Person was

enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Desertion or Absence from the Officer appointed

to receive the ballotted Men, or commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which

they shall be appointed, shall proceed to ballot for another Person in the Place of the Person so deserting or

absenting h mfelf, out of the Persons returned in the Lift before mentioned for such Subdivision, who shall

not then be serving in the Supplementary Militia, in pursuance of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in some of his Majesty’s other Forces, in pursuance of the said Act,

4 Z 2

pa fled

Commencement

of the Pay of

Men embodied.

Clerks of the

Meetings may

draw on the Re-

ceiver General

of the Land Tax,

by Authority of

the Deputy Lieu-

tenants and Jus-

tices, for Money

for paying Al-

lowances.

Clerks, when re-

quired, to make

out Accounts of

Money received

and paid, which,

when allowed,

/hall be their

Voucher.

When any Mill,

tia Man embo-

died shall desert

and not be taken

within, or shall

be absent, three

Months, another

shall be ballotted

for out of the

Persons returned

in the Lift for

the Subdivisioni

v

