<c

cc

(C

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majest

Second, intituled, An Act fGr the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and

enabled, that, from and after the first Day of December one thousand six hundred a

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 116,117.

u said Annual Allowances, or any Part thereof, of which they arc to make Oath. Justices to transinit

44 Oaths to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County. Subalterns to attend the Annual Ex-

44 ercife, on Pain of forfeiting the Allowance and their Pay. Certificate of such Attendance to be trans-

mitted by the Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant and Receiver General of the Land Tax for the

County. In case of Leave of Absence, the Reason for granting it to be inserted in the Certificate, which

must also be sent to the Secretary of State. If Militia be not called out to Annual Exercise, the Subal-

M terns still to be entitled to the Allowance. Allowances to be paid without Deduction. Subalterns not

44 attending when called upon to forfeit their Claims. Allowances to be paid by Receivers General on Pro-

44 dudlion of Certificates. Subalterns may receive Pay for attending Annual Exercise j but not entitled to

44 the Allowance while the Militia is embodied. Allowance to extend only to a certain Number. Senior

44 Lieutenants to have the Preference, and the Junior to succeed on Vacancies. 26 Geo. 3. c. 107, re-

44 cited. Powers of recited Act for discharging Officers at the End of every five Years, not to extend to

44 Subalterns entitled to Allowances. This Act to continue‘in Force until March 25, 1798."

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with the British Possessions in India,

by the Ships of Nations in Amity with His Majesty.—[19th July 1797.]

HERE AS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the

Navigation, it was

and sixty, and from

thence forward, no Goods or Commodities shall be imported into or exported out of any Lands, I Hands,

Plantations, or Territories, to his Majesty belonging or in his Possession, or wh:ch may hereafter belong

unto or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, and America, in any

other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, than such as do truly and without Fraud belong unto the People of

England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or are the Built of and be-

longing to any of the said Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories, as the Proprietors and Right

Owners thereof, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at least are Englishy under cer-

tain Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned : And whereas it is expedient that the Ships and Vessels

of Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, should be allowed to import Goods and Commodities

unto and to export the fame from the British Territories in Indiay subject to certain Restrictions and Re-

gulations:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Co nmons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the

exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East IndieSy and during the

Term for which the Possessions of the British) Territories in India is secured to the said United Company,

it shall and may be lawful for the Ships and Vessels of Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, to

import into and export from the British) Possessions in Indiay such Goods and Commodities as they shall be

permitted to import into and export from the said Possessions by the Directors of the said Company, who are

hereby directed to frame such Regulations for carrying on the Trade to and from the said Possessions, and

the Countries and States in Amity with his Majesty, as shall seem to them most conducive to the interest

and Prosperity of the said British) Possessions in Indiay and of the British Empire; and no Ship or Vessel be-

longing to any of the Subjects of States or Countries in Amity with his Majesty, thall be liable to Seizure,

Confiscation, or Forfeiture, or other Penalty, for exporting from or importing into the said British Pollef-

fior.s in Indiay any Goods or Commodities, the Importation or Exportation of which respectively shall be

permitted by the said Regulation^ any Thing in the said hereinbefore recited Ail, of the twelfth Year of

the Reign of King Qjarles the Second, to the contrary, notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall not

be lawful for the Directors of the said United Company to frame any Regulations for the Conduit of the

said Trade, which shall be inconsistent with any Treaty or Treaties whjch shall have been or may be enter-

into by

which ma

of l!ie Trade and Commerce of the said British) Territories in India.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Regulations as shall be framed by the said Court of Direc-

tors, for carrying on the Trade to and from the British) Possessions in Indiay and the Countries and States

in Amity with his Majesty, shall be and they are hereby directed to be subject to the Super in tendance,

F)irection, and Controul of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of Indiay in the same Manner as all

Acts, Operations, and Concerns, which any wife relate to or concern the Civil and Military Governments

and Revenues of the British Territories and Acquisitions in the East Indies now are.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any General Court of Proprietors to alter

or change, or to direct, or order, or authorize, the altering or changing, any Refoiution of the Court of

Directors, or to refeind, revoke, suspend, or vary the lame, in sofar as the fame relates to the Intercourse

of Foreign Nations in Amity with his Majesty and the British Territories in India.

655

r, win Li 1 mail uc luiummcm wiui any 1 icciiy u 1 1 icauca which uum nave ucru ui may erucr-

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and any Country or State at Amity with his Majesty, or

V be inconlift^nt with any Act or Acts of Parliament which have been pafltd for the Regulation

12 Car. 2. c. i£.

recited.

Vessels of

Countries in

Amity with his

Majesty may

import into and

export from the

British Poflef-

flons in India,

Goods permit-

ted by the East

India Directors,

not contrary to

Treaties or

Law.

