341

I

A.D. .1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 54.

and with the Advice and Canfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament alfern bled, and by the Authority of the same. That all personal Actions or Suits, Indidtmeius, In- Suits for any

formations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or Matter advised

commenced against any Person or Personsfor or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing adviled, com- ^ion^V^heCUd

manded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said Orders, or of any Contiadl or order* made 1

Agreement not performed by Reason or Means of or in Obedience to such Orders, be, arc, and shall bedif- void, and Per-

charged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or com- fons prosecuted

menced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Act, Matter, or Thing so advised, com- plead tlw

manded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, he, General lffuc*

(he, or they may plead the General Illlie, and give this Act and the special Maiter in Evidence; and if the In Actions

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced after the eleventh Day of commenced or

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be- feb 1^1796*

come Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discoi.tinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Defendants to

Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which have Double

he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant; CoAs.

and if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, after the said eleventh Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and nineiy-six, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom

such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Dif-

charge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit, in all such

Cafes as aforesaid. K '

IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit hath been already Defendants In

commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, ap- Aaions airway

pointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on account of any such Contract or Agreement not per- to

formed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendantsor Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in the Courts to

whatever Courts in Great Britain such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court have them

or Courts respectively, to (lay all Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way; and such«, Aayed,

Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly 5 and the Court or Courts

making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants or Defenders refoedtively Double Costs of Suit,

for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Costs are by Law given to De-

fendants or Defenders. 4 4 ,

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he

shall fee Cause, and for such l ime as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting or carrying coastwise, parting or

or the attempting to export or carry coastwise, any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever. carrying coastwise Rock Sak*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all

Rock Salt whatsoever which shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of

any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of any Port or Place

in Great Britain, or coastwise, contrary to any such Proclamation of his Majesty, or Order of his Majesty

in Council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and

all and every Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit treble the Value of any such Rock Salt as

shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or coastwise, or laden or laid on

board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for either of those Purposes; and such Shin, Vessel, or Boat, together

with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the fame shall ana may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs: Provided always, that his Majesty may by Special

Licence under his Sign Manual, or by any such Order in Council or Proclamation, make such Exception

with respect to the Exportation or carrying coastwise of any Sort of Rock Salt whatsoever, and such Regu-

lations concerning the Manner of exporting or carrying the fame coastwise, as to him, with the Advice of

his Privy Council, shall appear to be proper, (jnreifying the Quantities of the said Rock Salt, and also the

Place or Places to and from which the lame shall or may befo exported or carried coastwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act

or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

and if exported

or shipped for

that Purpose,

forfeited.

Offenders to

forfeit treble tho

Value, and the

Vessels may be

seized.

HU Majesty in

Council may

permit Rock

Salt to be ex-

ported or car-

ried coastwise.

This Act may

be altered or

repealed UiU

Session.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prejervation of the Game in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now

in being relative thereto — [26th April 1796.]

\\7 HEREAS an Act was passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 13 Geo. 17.

An At7 for the more effect ual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; CaP*S4* recited,

and for repealing and amending several of the Lmvs noiu in being relative thereto; whereby it is among

4 other Things enacted, that every Person who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in

his or her Possession, or use any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the nrft Day of September,

1 in any Year, shall incur certain Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Act laid and iroposed; And whereas

9 l 8

