A. p. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georg it III. C. 62, 63.

549

for Sums uruler a certain Amount, for a limited 'Time; and for indemnifying all Persons ivi

4 Motes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom; it was enacted, that, fron

-CAP. LX 11.

An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, passed in the

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An AR to allow the Banks, and certain Banking

Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a

certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes

for small Sums of Money in that Part oj the United Kingdom.—[25th May 1797.J

1 \ WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, yin A:1 to allow the

Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Motes

~ A # . j a* , ... " '00 have issued

. _ , , w , from and after the

passing of the fame, it should be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the

4 British Linen Company, and all other Banks or Banking Companies in Scotland, who, on or before the

4 first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, had exercised the Buflncfs of Banking,

4 or keeping any Bank for Receipt of Money, and had issued Notes under the Firm of such Bank in the

4 Nature of Bank Notes, (but to and for no other Person or Persons, Company or Companies whatsoever,)

4 to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any

4 Sum whatever under the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, in the fame Way that the said Banks and

4 Banking Companies have heretofore been uled to issue Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards since the

4 first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and it was further enacted, that the said Act

4 should continue in force until the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and

4 no longer: And whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the said Act for a further l ime, and to

4 amend the fame j’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and w'ith the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore recited Act, passed in the present Session of

Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby revived.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Act so revived shall continue and be in force from and

Mter the l ime thereby limited, until the fifteenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

i ven, and no longer. r ';

tiL' And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

for the Carron Company to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the

Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under twenty Shillings Sterling, in the same Manner as the

Banks and Banking Companies mentioned in the said recited Act are authorized to issue any Notes, Bills, or

Tickets.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be enlarged, altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act

or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

cap. lx III.

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s Protection, the Privileges

of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens

in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Mer-

chants or Factors.—[25th May 1797.]

37 Geo. 3. c. 40.

recited.

Recited A&

revived,

and continued

till August 15,

>797-

The Carron

Company may

issue Notes,

payable to

Bearer on De-

mand, under aos. Sterling.

A& may be al-

tered or repealed

this Session.

[See toft, Caf*

,37*1

1 \ WHEREAS, in consequence of Articles of Capitulation, whereby certain Foreign Colonies or Settle-

meats, or Parts thereof, have been or may hereafter be surrendered to his Majesty during the pre-

4 sent War, certain Foreign Ships and Vessels may have been put or may be put under his Majesty’s Pro-

4 testion: And whereas the said Ships and Vessels, not being taken and condemned as lawful Brize in any

4 Court of Admiralty, cannot by the Laws now in force be registered as Prize Ships, and be entitled to the

4 Privileges and Advantages of such Ships: And whereas it is just and expedient that Ships or Vessels which

4 shall have been or may be so put under his Majesty’s Protection, should be admitted in like Man-

4 ner as Prize Ships to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, under certain Re-

4 gulations and Restrictions ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

wuh the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by ths Authority of the same, 7'hat all Foreign Ships and Vessels which, in

consequence of any such Capitulation, (nail have been or may be so put under his Majesty’s Pro-

tection, at the Time of or in consequence of the Surrender of any Foreign Colony or Settlement, or

Part of any Foreign Colony or Settlement, to his Majesty, shall and may he registered in l:ke Man-

ner as Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize may, by the Laws now in force, be registered,

and shall by virtue thereof become entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, un-

der the Regulations and Restrictions herein-after mentioned; Provided always, that no such Ship or Vessel

^WUT '(hall

Foreign Ship*

put under his

Majesty's Pro-

bation, in con-

fluence of the

Capitulation of

any Foreign

Colony, to be

registered as

Prize Ships, and

entitled to the

Privileges of

British VclT.Ur

under certain

Regulation*

l

