t

830

C. 68.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

The Duties on

Cinnamon, Sec*

imjjorted by the

Ealt India Com-

pany and now

warehoused, or

hereafter im-

ported, not pay-

able till sold at

the public Sales

oft he Company.

Cinnamon, &c.

imported by the

Company may,

on Entry, be

landed without

Payment of Du-

ty, on being

immediately

warehoused

afterthc Weight

is taken.

Goods would, if such Duties had been duly paid, be entitled to certain Drawbacks upon the Exportation

4 thereof, which Goods now remain in the Warehouses of the said United Company, under the joint Locks

4 of his Majesty and the said United Company, without the said Duties having been paid thereon: And

4 whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that some new Provision should be made re-

4 spefting the Duties on the said Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, so imported and warehoused as

4 aforesaid, and also in respect of such Goods of the fame Nature, which hereafter, during the Continuance

4 of this Act, shall be imported by the said Company :* Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That no Part of the Duties now payable by Law, in respect of any Cinnamon,

Cloves, Nutmegs, or Mace, which have been imported by the said United Company, and which, on and

immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain in their Warehouses, under the joint Locks of his

Majesty and the said Company, and on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, or in respect

of any Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, or Macc, which hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act,

shall be imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company, shall be paid, or become payable, unless

and until any such Goods shall be sold at the public Sales of the said United Company, and then such Duties

shall be paid thereon, and in the Manner hereinafter provided; any Bond or Security, Law, Statute, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance*

thereof, all the Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, which shall be imported into this Kingdom by

the said United Company, shall and may, upon the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, upon due

Entry thereof, be forthwith landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall have been so

imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of any Duty

whatever, except as herein is provided: Provided always, That an exact Account shall be taken of the

Weight thereof, and entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the proper Officer or Officers of

the Customs, and that all such Goods shall, upon landing^ be immediately lodged and secured under the

joint Locks of his Majesty and of the said United Company, in such Warehouses as shall be fit for thajt

Purpose, to be provided at the foie Expence of the said United Company, with the Approbation of the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any three or more of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace,

so imported by the said United Company as aforesaid, and which, on or immediately before the passing of

this Act, shall remain in their Warehouses, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the said United

Company, and on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, and any Cinnamon, Cloves,

Nutmegs, and Mace, which hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be imported into this

Kingdom by the said United Company, shall, from Time to Time, be sold by the said United Company

at their public Sales, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue*

ceflors, whenever the fame shall respectively be duly entered for Exportation from the Warehouses of the

said Company, and not before, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain,

for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Goods according to the gross Price at

which such Goods shall have been respectively sold at such public Sales, and so in Proportion for a greater

or less Value than one hundred Pounds; such Duty to be paid by the respective Persons who shall enter

such Goods for Exportation from the said Warehouses.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if such Goods, or any Part thereof, shall be intended to be taken

out of such Warehouses in which the fame are or shall be lodged, to be used or consumed in this Kingdom,

the Person or Persons, who shall so intend to take the fame out of such Warehouses, shall, before the fame

shall be delivered from thence, pay to the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs the full Duties payable

by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of such Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, respect-

ively, so intended to be taken out of such Warehouse as aforesaid; provided that such Cinnamon, Cloves,

Nutmegs, and Mace, or such Part thereof which shall be so exported, shall be duly entered for Exportation,

and regularly shipped and exported according to the Laws now in force, or which shall be in force at the

Time of exporting the fame, and under such Security as is now required by Law on the Exportation of

Pepper from the Warehouses of the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, or Nut-

megs, on which the full Duties due and payable by Law at and immediately before the passing this Act

shall have been paid, and which shall have been taken out of the Warehouse in which the fame had been

secured, shall be afterwards exported from this Kingdom, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall be allowed

such and the like Drawbacks as would have been allowed on the due Exportation of any such Articles

respectively, in case this Act had not been made.

Cl a warcnouic, 1 1

<hail be afterwards exported, a Drawback to be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty hereby granted shall be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the Continuance of the

present War, and from thence until the Expiration of two Months next after the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament after the Lad of such War,

1 ■> , * CAP.

On Sale of such

Cinnamon, See.

and Entry for

Exportation,

there shall be

paid 2 1 10 s.

per Centum of

the Value j

and if taken out

of Warehouses

for Home Con-

fumption, the

Duties row

payable on Im-

portation fha«l

then be paid.

Cinnamon, Jfcc.

to be duly en-

tered for Ex-

portation, &c.

If Cinnamon,

Sec. on which

the Duties shall

have been paid,

and shall have

been taken out

of a Warehouse,

Audi be aftcrwai

Duties to be car-

ried to the Con-

folidated Fund.

Continuance of

