A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georg it IH. C.89. 891

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or

Sellers of Salt, or any other Person or Persons, shall have Occasion to fend or remove Coastwise, any Quan-

tity of Salt received from any entered Salt Work, such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Sellers, or other Person

or Persons respectively, upon making Oath before the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Place

from whence the Salt is to be removed, (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered

to administer,) that all the Salt so intended to be removed was received into his, her, or their Custody,

with and under a legal Permit, and that he, she, or they believes or believe that the Duty for and in respetl

of such Salt has been duly paid, or secured to be paid, and upon the Delivery of a Request Note, according

to the Form by this Act directed, dial) be entitled to a Permit to accompany such Salt so to be removed or

sent Coastwise as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel

in or on board of which any Salt or Rock Salt shall be carried, or nanfported, or conveyed, from one Port

or Place in Great Britain to another Part thereof, shall, before he shall begin to unftiip or land any Part

of the Salt or Rock Salt, in or on board of such Ship or Vessel, produce to and leave with the proper Offi-

cer of Excise, who shall be appointed or employed to receive the same, a true and authentic Permit, or true

and authentic Permits, for such Salt or Rock Salt, and shall make Oath before such proper Officer of Ex-

cife, (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) that to the best of his

Knowledge and Belief, no Salt or Rock Salt hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his Ship or

Vessel since (he departed or (ailed from the Port or Place at which the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in such

Permit or Permits was shipped, and that he verily believes no Salt or Rock Salt whatsoever hath been laid

on board, or put or taken into such Ship or Vessel, save and except such as is mentioned and specified in

the Permit or Permits, then and at the Time of making such Oath produced to and left with such Officer

as aforesaid. . , . . . IT, J

If any Person

make Oath that

Salt intended to

be removed was

received into hit

Custody with a

Permit, he shall

be entitled to a

Permit to re-

move it Coast-

wife.

Masters of Vef-

fels conveying

Salt or Rock

Salt from one

Place in Great

Britain to an-

other, shall, be-

fore landing it,

leave with the

Excise Officer a

Permit for the

fame, and make

Oath that he be-

lieves no other

has been put on

board.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel,

in or on board of which any Salt shall be so carried or conveyed from one Port or Place in Great Britain

to another Part thereof, shall, when he shall be thereunto required by any Officer of Excise, cause all the

Salt or Rock Salt intended to be unshipped or delivered, to be justly weighed out of such Ship or Vessel in

the Presence of such Officer, who shall be permitted to take a true Account thereof; and if any such Master

or Commander shall neglect or refuse to produce to and leave with such Officer as aforfefaid, such Permit

or Permits as beforementioned, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Oath as aforesaid, or to weigh out

of his Ship or Vessel all the Salt or Rock Salt in and on board of the fame, in the Presence of such Officer

sis aforesaid, such Master or Commander shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds. for refilling to produce Permits, &c.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Master or other Person having Charge of any Flat# Masters before

Barge, Boat, or other Vessel in which any Salt shall be laden, before he shall take or remove any Part of

such Salt or Rock Salt out of such Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, for the Purpose of laying or putting

« « , a v* rs __ c __t ni . < 1% n __________lf_ it?. 1 flL _ 11_1

Such Masters

when required

by an Excise

Officer, to cause

the Salt or Rock

Salt intended to

be unfhippedjto

be weighed, and

an Account to

be taken.

Penalty of tool

irtor on board of any amp, or of any other r lat, .barge

?r Officer of Excise of the Port or Place where such Salt

____ __________

one Vessel into another, a true and authentic Permit for such Salt or Rock Salt, and shall, if thereunto re-

quired by such Officer, weifch or cause all such Salt or Rock Salt to be weighed on such Removal as afore-

said, in the Presence of such Officer ; and if any such Master or other Person shall refuse or neglect to

produce such Permit or Certificate, or to weigh such Salt or Rock Salt when thereunto required as afore-

said, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Salt and Rock Salt which shall be brought or imported

from Scotland into England, without a legal Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of Excise in

Scotland, testifying that all the Duties due and payable for or in respect of such Salt made or procured in

Scotland have been duly paid, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the fame, and also

the Ships, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, and the Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, and likewise

the Horses and Cattle employed in importing or bringing, or removing or carrying the fame, and the fame

respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise ; and the Person or Persons in

whose Custody or Possession any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be found, or who shall be concerned or em-

ployed in so importing or bringing, or removing or conveying the fame, contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this A&, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. Persons in whose Custody found/ftc.

No Salt or Rock

Salt shall be re-

moved from

in removing or bringing~the fame \ and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or England by

““““ Land, on Pe-

they remove Salt

or Rock Sail out

of Flats, Ac. to

produce a Per-

mit, and if re-

quired weigh

stich Salt in Pre-

fence of ihc Of-

ficer, on Penalty

of 100I.

Salt and Rock

Salt imported

from Scotland

into England

without Certifi-

cate of the Du-

ties being paid,

to be forfe.ted,

with the Vef-

feis, Sec.

501. Penalty on

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Salt or Rock Salt shall be brought or removed from

Scotland to England by Land, on Pain of forfeiting the fame, together with the Package containing the

fame, and also the Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Horses and Cattle used or employed

I

Salt so brought or removed, the Sum of forty Shillings, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election

his Majesty’s Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue so

the, same

JY

naliy of Forfeit-

ure, with the

Waggons, lx.

Penalty on Per-

fons concerned in bringing it.

LXXXV ill. And

