0)* ^ • ^j.61

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

For the Burgh of Anjlruther Wester, one.

For the Burgh of Craill, three.

For the Burgh of Kilrenny and Sillerdike, one.

For the Burgh of Pittenweem, two.

For the Burgh of Saint Andrew's, five.

For the Towns of Leven, Largo, ity, Kennoway, Methel, BuMaven, E after and I defter

IVemyfsy two.

For the Towns of Leftey, Ceres, Auchtermuchty, Falkland, and Strathmighy one.

For the Town of Newbury, one.

For the County of Forfar, seventy.

For the Burgh of Brechin, four.

For the Burgh of Dundee, thirty-three. - '

For the Burgh of Forfar,iour.

For the Burgh of Montrose, five.

For the Burgh of Arbroath, four.

For the Town of Kirrymuir, two.

For the Town of Cupar of Angus, two.

For the County of Haddington, thirty-eight.

For the Burgh of Haddingtony five.

For the Burgh of Dunbar, four.

For the Burgh of North Berwick, two.

For the Town of Preston Fansy one.

For the County of Inver nefs, seventy-two.

For the Burgh of Inverness, fourteen.

For the County of Kinrfs, fix.

For the Town of Kinross, two.

For the County of Kincardine, thirty-three.

For the Burgh of Inverbervie, one.

For the Stewartry of Kircudbright, twenty-eight.

For the Burgh of Kircudbright, three.

For the Burgh of New Galloway, one*

For the Town of Castle Douglas, one.

For the Town of Gatehoife, one.

f or the Town of Creiton, one.

For the County of Lanerh, seventy-one.

For the City of Glasgow, Gorbals, Anderflon, and Calton, feve nty-one.

For the Town of Hamilton, three.

For the Burgh of Lanerk, two.

For the Burgh of Ruglen, one.

For the Town of Strathaven, one.

For the Town of Airdrie, one.

For the County of Linlithgow, seventeen.

For the Burgh of Linlithgow, five.

-F or the Burgh of Queens ferry, two.

For the Town of Borrowjlownefs, four.

For the County of Nairne, seven. - . ' ,i‘ * v

For the Burgh of Nairne, two.

For Orkney, thirty-eight.

For the Burgh of Kirkwall, four.

For Zetland, nineteen.

For the Town of Lerwick, two.

For the Town of Stromnefs, two-

For the County of Peebles,' twelve.

For the Burgh of Peebles, three.

For the County of Perth, one hundred and sixty-fevem*

For the Burgh of Perth, twenty-four.

For the Burgh of Culrofs, one.

For the Town of Dunkeld, two.

For the Town of Crieff, four.

For the T own of Dumb lane, two.

For the Town of Auchterarder, two.

For the Town of Alyth, one.

