A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 90.

Any Libel, Allegation, Deposition, or Inventory exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports,

the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence:

Any Copy of any Citation, Monition, or Answer, made in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, the

Sum of three Shillings:

Any Copy of any Libel, Allegation, Deposition, or Inventory, exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or

Cinque Ports, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence:

Any Personal Decree, Warrant, or Monition, in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports, or any

Copy thereof, the Sum of five Shillings:

Any Sentence that shall be given in the Courts of Admiralty, either in England or Scotland, or the Cinque

Ports exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction, or any Attachment that shall be made out of the said Courts of Ad-

miralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment, the Sum of ten Shillings:

Any Sentence or final Decree exhibited in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, or any Copy thereof,

the Sum of two Shillings: 1

Any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Messuages, Houses, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, Tythes, Mills, Fishings, and other hcretable Rights, or any of them, to be

made to any of his Majesty’s Subjects who are or shall be the'Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town,

Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates or others who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Re-

signations in Scotland, the Sum of four Shillings and Nine-pence:

Any Charter or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo Damns, or Charter, upon apprizing or Adjudication

made or granted by such Superior or others as aforesaid in Scotlandthe Sum of four Shillings and Nine-

pence: ' , '

Any Principal or Original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Conjlat of

Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid in Scotland, the Sum of four Shillings and

N ine-pence: *

Any Principal or Original Saifine taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heretable Bond,

Alienation or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Cloze Con/lat, Retours, Apprisings, or Adjudi-

cations of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject as aforesaid in Scotland, the S*um of four Shillings and

Nine-pence: ‘ "

Any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service, or Cognition of Heirs, Char-

ter of Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Te-

nure, in Scotland, the Sum of four Shillings and Nine-pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the

Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, to be paid ii

For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed

in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the fame be contained in Half a Sheet or any

less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Almanack or Calendar for one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, the Sum of

Four-pence. , r > , A

HI - Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend

to charge any Foreign Bills of Exchange, drawn in Sets according to the Custom of Merchants, with

any additional Duty higher than after the following Rate; that is to say, Where the Sum expressed in such

Bills or made payable thereby shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional

Stamp Duty of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed

two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Three-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed two

hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Four-pence: Provided that every Bill of each Set of such

Bills so drawn shall be charged, and every such Bill is hereby declared to be chargeable, with the like addi-

tional Duty according to the Rate above mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged on any of the Matters and Things hereinbefore

mentioned, on which any former Duty is by Law payable, shall be paid over and above the Duties payable

on the fame respevStively, on and immediately before the passing of this A&; and that the said Duties hereby

granted shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being

appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major

Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that

Purpose; and in order to denote any of the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they fee

Occasion to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided, to denote any former Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or tocause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of

denoting the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the lame respec-

tlvely from Time to Time, and to do all other 'Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execu-

tien, with relation to the said several Duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Man-

ner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

- . V.. And.-

, 573

Libel In Courts

of Admiralty,

&c.

CopyofCitation#

Arc.*in ditto.

Copy of Libel,

Sec. in ditto.

Personal Decree

in ditto.

Sentence of

Courts of Ad-

miralty, &c.

Sentence in

ditto.

Surrenders in

Scotland.

Charters, Sec*

in ditto.

Retours of Ser-

vice, Sec. in

ditto.

Saifmes in ditto#

Surrenders of

Burgage Te-

nure, See. in

ditto.

From July 5,

1797, the fol-

lowing Duties

Great Britain ;

Newspapers

1 d. 2 q.

Almanacks, 4 d.

Duties for Sets

of Foreign Bills

of Exchange.

Duties to be

paid above for-

mer Duties, and:

to be under the

Management of

the Commis-

fi oners for

Stamps, Arc-

