r

82

wilful, to have

Double Colls*

His Majesty

may suspend or

revive the Ex-

ecution of this

Act.

Three Jcftices,

though net for

the fame Rid-

35

tricesimo quinto

ing-, may

within tiic Li-

mits of York Castle.

Plaintiff in any such Action as aforesaid, and the Judge or Court before whom the Cause shall be tried shall

certify on Record that the Injury for which such Action was brought was wilfully and maliciously com-

mitted, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to Double Costs ol Suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall be satisfied, by the said Returns of the

Justices or Magistrates, or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Men in the Whole shall be raised for his

present Service, or for other sufficient Reasons, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the

Execution of this Act with respect to the Whole of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, by Proclamation or

Order in Council, or other public Notice, in the London Gazette, or by Notice from the Commissioners of

the Admiralty for the Time being, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding:

Provided also, that his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his Service, may at any Time suspend

the Execution of this Act, in any Place in Great Britain, by Notice from the Secretary of the Admiralty 5

any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX, And, for the more easy and better putting this Act into Execution, be it enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That any three or more of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, for putting this Act into

Execution, in the several Ridings of the County of York, (being Justices of the Peace, though not all of the

fame Riding,) may, within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of tins Act.

Continuance

of Act.

Entries of Men

to be made in

the Form an-

nexed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein

contained, shall be and continue in force until the End of the next Seffon of Parliament, and no longer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries which the Justices

or Magistrates aforesaid, for executing this Act, are required to make of the Names and Descriptions of all

Men levied by virtue of this Act, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed, shall be made

according to the Form hereunto annexed. V

Recruit’s Name. Parish. 4 Age. Description of the . Recruit. Officer who received, or refused, the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused.

_ < t

#

m ’

Forms of Pro-

ceedings in

Schedule, to

be used.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceeding relative to the several Matters in this

Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon all Occasions,

with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Exigencies of

the Cafe, and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for Want of Form in any such Pro-

ceedings, by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

CAP. XXXV.

Frpm the dif-

embodying the

Militia the

Subalterns to

have certain

Allowances

during Peace.

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia,

in Time of Peace.—[28th April 1795.J

4 \X 7 HEREAS it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the

Militia Forces of this Kingdom, who have served during the present War, after the disembodying

4 of the said Forces, and during Peace, under certain Regulations May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enabled*\ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affecnbled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces of this

Kingdom, certain Annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now by

Law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, of the Defcrip-

tiens, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein-after expressed; (that is to say,)

to every Subaltern Officer of the Militia, who now bears a Commission, is serving, and shall continue

faithfully

