6io C. 103. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797,

fnlifting of a

Militia Man into

his Majesty’s

other Forces to

he void.

Penalty on Men

so offering to in-

lift.dcnying that

they arc Militia

Men, See.

Penalty on Per-

fons knowingly

jnlifting Militia

Men into other

.Regiments, and

011 Soldiers of-

fering to serve

as Substitutes in

the Militia.

Penalty on Per-

fons ordering

Sc«jcants, &c.

of the Militia,

to beat up for

Volunteers;

and on the Ser-

jeants, &c. for

refuting to de-

clare who gave

them Orders.

it, and shall also forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings

Sterling, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace aforesaid; and if such

Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the

said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corredion, until the said Sum shall

be returned. ^ * • • . ; . B

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any

Time wilfully and knowingly inlist any Man to serve in his Majesty’s other Forces, who at the Time of such

inlisting shall be called out and serving in the Militia,embodied and incorporated as aforesaid by his Majesty’s

Order, every such inlisting shall be deemed null and void ; and in case any Militia Man, at the Time of of-

fering to inlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer or Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to inlist

and serve in his Majesty’s other Forces, that he is at the l ime of his offering to inlist a Militia Man then

actually called out and serving in the Militia embodied and incorporated as aforesaid, (which the said Officer,

Serjeant, or other Person is hereby required to ask every Man offering to inlist in his Majesty's other

Forces,) or shall offer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, upon the Oath of one

Witness, before any one Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction,

there to remain, without nail, for and during any Time not exceeding six Months, over and above any Pe-

nalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable ; and every Person so

offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall be-

long as a Soldier to such Corps of his Majesty’s other Forces into which he shall have been so inlisted ; and

if any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person shall inlist any Man belonging to the Militia to serve in his Majesty’s

other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; and if any Person actually serv-

ing in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, shall offer himself to serve and be enrolled as a Substitute in the

Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, to the Person informing of such Offence, the Sum of

ten Pounds Sterling, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corredion for any Time not ex-

ceeding three Months. g # ‘ * , i tt -7%

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer, or

other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town, or other Place, for Volunteers to serve in

the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof, and upon such beating up as

aforesaid, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling,

one Moiety vvhereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information thereof before any

Justice of the Peace ; and if such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person shall refuse to declare upon Oath be-

fore such Justice from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby re-

quired, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, to the

House of Corredion for any Time not exceeding three Months.

Copies of Rolls,

tigned at Dif-

trift Meetings,

tobetranfinitted

to the Clerk of 'WR

the General Meeting

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all §ubdivision or District Meetings shall,

within fourteen Days after every S_ubdivision or District Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General

Meeting of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at

such Meeting.

Application of

Penalties for re-

futing to serve.

County Lieute-

nants, ike. tiuy

aclrur.iitcr

Oaths.

The Militia,

when, futiicient,

to be fortfed in-

to Regiments

<u Cat tali on s.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refusing to serve

in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied, by any two or more Deputy

Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivision or Districts, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who

shall have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the fame Term,

and on the fame Conditions as is hereinbefore provided in the Cafe of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen

by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the fame shall be paid to the Colonels or Commanding Officers

of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies, in which such Persons ought to have

served as Militia Men, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes, in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter

or Thing isdireded to be inquired of or examined into upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnessls, before

any Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or

Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or

Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such Oath to any Witness or Witneilcs;

and all other Oaths to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall and may be respectively administered by any

Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant. . \ -

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, where

the Number of Men is sufficient, the Militia shall be formed into Regiments confiding of not more than

twelve, nor less than eight Companies, of eighty private Men to a Company at the moll, *id sixty private

Men at the lead ; and the Field Officers of such Regiments shall be as follows ; (that is to say,) one Colonel

one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major ; and where the Number of Militia Men shall amount to a Num-

ber under eight, and not less than five Companies, such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion, and the

Field Officers of such Battalion shall be one Lieutenant Colonel and one Major only ; and where the Num-

ber of private Men shall amount to any Number under five, and not less than three Companies, such Militia

