34-8

C. Go.

tricesimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

Day of

now last past, at

in the said County [City, or Place, as the Cafe maybe]j

For compelling

the Attendance

of Witnesses.

Penalties may be

recovered by

Action.

Limitation of

Time for Infor-

mation* under

the Act.

Application of

the Penalties*

To enable Pa-

rifhiohers to be

Witnesses.

Persons dif-

closing by whose

Order any

Thing punish-

able under this

Act was done,

/hail not be

liable to any Pe-

nalty for doin§

it.

Manufacturers

not to be liable

to Penalties in

certain

[here fetforth the Fail for which the Information is laid] 5 whereupon the said G. H. after being duly Turn-

moned to answer tire said Charge, appeared before us on the-----Day of -----at-----in the said County,

[City, or Place,] and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared he was not guilty

of the said Offence, [<?r, as the Cafe may happen tohef\ did not appear before us pursuant to the said Sum-

mous; [or, did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge ;] but the fame being fully

proved before us upon the Oath off. K. a credible Witness, [cr, as the Cafe may happen to bef\ acknow-

ledged and voluntarily confessed the fame to be true; and it manifeltly appeared to us that the said G. H,

is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; we do therefore hereby convict him of

the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said G. H. hath forfeited the said Buttons,

together with the Sum of -----of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be

distributed as the Lav/ directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided.

Given under our Hands and Seals the-----Day of -----.*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence be-

fore such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the

Informer, or the Person or Persons acculed, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to

be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Ntgledt or Refusal,

to be allowed of by such Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give -

Evidence before such Justices, then everyjuch Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of live

Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as are hereinbefore directed as to other

Penalties.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to recover

any of the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid by Action or Suit in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at V/eji-

minster, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Im-

parlance shall be allowed 3 and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the

County, City, or Place, where the Offence is committed, or where the Offender or Offenders reside, by

Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any such Metal Buttons as shall be liable to be forfeited by virtue

of this A61, to be seized, and the fame, when seized, to keep in safe Custody, for the Purpose of producing

the fame in Evidence upon any Prosecution or Action to be instituted or commenced for the pecuniary Pe-

nalties incurred in respect thereof; and when and as soon as the further Production thereof in Evidence shall

become unnecessary, then the fame shall, by Order of such Justices, be defaced and destroyed.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Information shall be exhibited, or Action

brought, for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless within the Space of three Calendar Months after the Com-

mission of such Offences respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the pecuniary Penalties so to be recovered as

aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence shall

be committed, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, T hat in all A61 ions, Suits, Informations, Trials, and

other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or T hing herein contained, any

Inhabitant of the Parish, Township, or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed con-

trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed

competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Parish,

Township, or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be (upposed to have been committed.

XVIII* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be liable

to any of the Penalties aforesaid, by Reason of any Thing done by him, her, or them, under the Order,

Direction, or Procurement of any other Person or Persons, shall, before any Information or Complaint shall

be laid or made against him, her, or them, discover to any two or more Justices the Name or Names of

the Person or Persons by whose Order, I)ire6fion, or Procurement he, me, or they shall have done such

Act which shall have made himself, herself, or themselves liable to any of the Penalties, so that such Person

or Persons by whose Order, Direction, or Procurement he, she, or they shall have done such Act, shall be

prosecutedto Conviction for the fame, then and in such Cafe such Person or Persons who- shall give such In-

formation, or make such Complaint, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, but shall be en-

titled to a Moiety of the Penalty as other Informers. *.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Manufacturer or

Maker of Buttons, who shall have ordered any Metal Buttons to be,gilt with Gold by any Gilder or Gild-

ers, or other Person or Perfens whatsoever, shall, before the burnishing of the said Buttons, appear before

two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Gilder or Gild-

ers, or other Person or Persons shall reside, or where the Offence of such Gilder or Gilders, or other Person

or Persons, shall have been committed, and prove before the said Justices, by one or more credible Witnesses,

that he ordered and directed the said. Buttons to be gilt in the Manner required by this Act, and delivered a

Quantity of Gold sufficient for that Purpose, or paid or contracted to pay a proper Sum of Money in that

Behalf, and shall afterwards prosecute such Gilder or Gilders, or other Person or Persons, to Conviction,

then and in any of the Cafes the said Manufacturer or Maker of Buttons shall not be liable to any of the

Fines, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Punishments in and by this Act inflicted, for or on Account of the said But-

tons not being gilt with Gold 3 any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

withstanding*

XX. Pro-

