694

The additional Duty on Houses

or Windows payable by Persons

who shall remove, to cease, on

Notice bcins: given to the Col-

lectors ; and the succeeding

Occupiers to be chargeable

from the Day of their broom-

ing so.

Persons so removing liaMc to

additional Duty lor any other

House they may occupy, and

also for any other Duly to

which a He 1 fed previous to Re-

moval.

Persons charged by the last Af-

feflrnent to the Duties on Houses

and Windows, who shall have

removed, not liable to the ad-

ditional Duty ; but the present

Oecupitr (ifany).

Persons removing into new

Houses, nor to be aflelfed to

the additional Duty at mere

than ought to he charged on the

Houses from which they re-

moved.

A Cl not to extend to additional

Clocks or Watches used after

Jan. 5, 1798, nor to any not

chargeable with Duty within

the Year ending that Day.

Persons alTclTrd in respect of

new Carriages kept and first

used after patfine this Act, or

Persons not aflHTed within the

Year ending April 1708, but

charged for Carriages used for

the full Time after parting this

Act, liable only to an Addition

of once the Amount of the

present Duty j to commence

from April 5 next after the

Carriage shall begin to be used j

and to be atl'crted separately.

Additional Duty not to extend

to Taxed Carts described in

35 Geo. 3. c, 109 f

c. 49.

t c* 47-

C. 16.

triccfi

A.D. 1798.

directed by the said last-mentioned Act, the Person so enrolled and serving shall be assessed to the

additional Rate or Duty in like Manner, and at the like Rate, as if such Exemption had been

allowed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person charged ro the Duties now payable on

Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, shall remove from the Dwelling House in re-

spect whereof such Charge shall have been impoled, the Afldfinent made by virtue of this Act, sofar

as relates to the Amount of the Duties payable in relped of fu^h Dwelling House, shall cease and de-

termine horn the Day on which Notice shall be given of such Removal to the Collectors or Assessors,

or any two or more of them, ol the Parish or Place where such Dwelling noufe is situate, and thefuc-

cecding Occupier shall become chargeable to the said additional Rate or Duty, in respect of such Dwell-

ing House, from the Day he or Hie shall become the Occupier thereof, and the (JommilTioners for ex-

ecuting tins Ad shall cauie an Aficfiment to be made on such succeeding Occupier, on the Amount of

the Duties payable in retped of such Dwelling House, and also on the A mount of such other of the said

Duties now payable, to which such Occupier was or shall be liable to be assefkd : Provided always,

that the Person so removing shall be liable to be again charged to the said additional Rate or Duty, in

respect of any other Dwelling House wh:ch he or she may occupy at any T ime after such Re-

moval j and also on the Amount of such other of the said Duties, now payable, to which such

ferfon was aliened previous to such Removal ; and such Charge, in respect of such other

Dwelling Hou.c, shall commence from the 7 ime such Person shall become the Occupier of such

t House, and shall he paid on the Inst.ilment next eniuing.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, 1 hat where a iy Person charged to the said last-mentioned

iV?S on Houses, W indows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, by the lait Assessrnent as aforesaid,

shall have removed from the Dwelling House in respect whereof Inch Person shall be afLflbd, such Per-

Ion Inall not he charged to the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the said Duties payable

in respect of such Dwelling House, but the present Occupier (if any) of such Dwelling House shall be

chargeable therewith, although such Occupier shall pot have been charged to the said Duties now pay-

able by such lait Alleflment. T* *3$

XXIX. And be it further enacted, 7 hat if any Person shall remove from any Dwelling House into

any newly erected McfTuage, which shall not before have been inhabited, such Person shall not be liable,

during the Continuance of the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, to be addled to the said additional

Kate or Duty, at more than the Amount of the said Rate or Duty, w.uch by virtue of this Act was or

°1JShtto be charged in respect of the Dwelling Hou e from which such Person lo removed.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, I hac nothing herein contained shall be construed

to extend to charge with the said additional Rate or Duty any Person in respect of any additional

Clock, W atch, or Timekeeper, kept, used, or worn afier the fifth Day of January one thousand

(even hundred and ninety eight, or in respect of any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, where ,uch Per-

df? ,»1 not have been or shall not be charged to the Duties now payable on Clocks, Wa ches, and

J imekeepers, within the Year ending on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

i.inety eight, in respect ol a Clock, Watch, or I uritkeeper, kept, uled, or worn, previous to the

nlth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ; any Tiling herein contained to the

Contrary notwithstanding. - --le

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be a(Te(Ted to the Duties

on Carriages in respect of any additional Carriage kept alter the puffing ,.f mis \cf, and which .hall not

Have been u( before he passing of this Act, by any Perli.n whatever, or li any Person not charged

to the Duties on Carriages within the Year ending the hlth Day of /f/)W/i,ne thouland seven hundred

and ninety-eight, shall be afidled in respeflof any Carriage which hath been kept and used for the firli

lime after the passing of this Act, then and in every such Cafe the Per Ion so keeping or using such

Larn )ge shall not be liable to be aflelled to the said additional Rate or Duty in respect thereof, in any

^!rY^rCaler l^an once ^ie Amount of the said Duties now payable on such Carriages; and that the

AlJefim$nt to be made on once the Amount shall commence from the fifth Day of April next after such

Carnage shall begin to be used ; and the Allellments so to be made on once the Amount of the Duties

now payable in respect of such Carriages, shall be made on such Amount separately, and not on the

agg'ega.e Ainount of t.ne Duties allelled upon such Person ; any I hing Herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding. -ffi

r ^rov,ded and be it further enacted, That the additional Rates or Duties hereby im-

posed shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to Carriages with less than four Wheels, particularly

mentioned and described by the Name of Taxed Carts, in an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Y'ear of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealingfo much of an Art of Parliament, pajfedin

the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majestyintituled\ “ An Act for granting to his Majesty

fever a I additional Rates and Duties upon Hoses, and Carriages with four Wheels ; and for explaining

/?«// ah An sL.a____££aL \r_____. MA' n ~

C(

'efent Majesty^, as far as relates to certain

eels .therein mentioned” as relates to the additional Duties upon Carriages

loaches ; and for reducing the Duties upon Carriages with less than four

of Huf undry, or for the Purposes of Trade.

XXXIII. Pro.

