122.

A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. no

• ^ • Pi ^ ^ V * ± M J . -^1

soever, owing by any such P*rfon to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects, and should and might be assesstd

for the Satisfaction thereof, in like Manner as Real E Rates arc, by the Law of England* liable to the

Satisfaction of Debts due by Bond, or other Specialty, and should be subject to the like Remedies, Pro-

ceedings, and Process, in any Court of Law or Equity in any of the said Plantations respectively, for

seizing, extending, felling, or disposing of every such Houses-, Lands, Negroes, and other Hereditaments

and Real Estates^ towarJs the Satisfaction of such Debts, Duties, and Demands, and in like Manner as

Personal Estates, in any of the said Plantations respectively, are seized, extended, fold, or disposed of, for

the Satisfaction of Debts: And whereas it is deemed expedient that the said recited Act, so far as it relates

to Negroes, should be repealed May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enabled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

md I emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That so much of the said in Part recited ACt, as relates to Negroes in his Majesty’s Plantations, is hereby

repealed and made void, and shall be of no EfFect in future j any Thing in the above ACt, or any other

ACt, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXX.

657

So much of re-

cited Ac) as re-

lates to Negioes

in his Majesty’i

Plantations*

repealed.

Sum* within that Part fl/'Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a sub-

sequent ACt of this Session, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the fame} and

also for continuing such subsequent ACt.—[19th July 1797.]

a 37 Geo. 3. r. 32, and 61, recited, and continued until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next

44 Session. ACt may be altered or repealed this Session*’*

^ ^ -

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern IVhale Fijhcrics.

* [\9th July 1797.]

* \ X WHEREAS by an ACt, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

4 V V Act forfurther encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, it is amongst other Things

4 enacted, that no Premium, granted by virtue of any ACt or Acts of Parliament for the Encouragement of

4 the Southern Whale Fishery, shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on ac-

4 count of any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, unless the Premium shall be claimed within two

4 Months from the Time of the Crew being mustered inwards by the proper Officer or Officers of the

4 Customs; and such Claim shall be made in Writing by Application of the Owner or Owners of every

4 Ship or Vessel to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively : And

4 whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Provision should be construed to apply to Ships or Vessels

4 fitted and cleared out for the Purpose of carrying on such Fishery before the first Day of November one

4 thousand seven hundred and ninety-five*,’ be itenaCled and declared by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Provision shall be deemed and taken

to apply to such Ships and Vessels which have fitted and cleared out since the first Day of November one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or which may hereafter, during the Continuance of the said Act,

fit and clear out for the Purpose of carrying on such Fishery, and to none others.

3 5 Geo. 3. c.90

iccited.

Provision In

recited Act re.

fptfting Pay-

ment of Pre-

mium, to apply

only to Vessels fitted out subsequcrit tt> November 1, 1-795'

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the Names of Witnesses

to Letters of Attorney, or other Authorities or Instrumems, for the Transfer of Stocks

or Funds, which now are, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament shall hereafter be

made, transferable at the Bank of England; or for the Transfer of any Part of the

Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England called Bank Stock;

or for the Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock, or any Stocks or Funds under the

Management of the South Sea Company; or for the Transfer uf any Part of the Capi-

ta) Stock of the East India Company ; or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any of

such Stocks or Funds.—:[19th July 1797.]

4 1 X 7 HEREAS by the several Acts of Parliament creating and authorizing the Transfer and Manage-

4 VV ment of the Public Stocks, Funds, and Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, it is

4 provided, that all Arguments, or Transfers thereof, shall be entered and registered in Books to be kept

4 by the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Entries shall

37 Geo. 111.

4

he

