(PrivateJ 38 GEO. III. xlix

George, in the County of Gloucejfler, as to the Mainte-

nance of the Poor and the Repairs of the Highways of

those Parishes, and as to ail Rates, Aflellrnents, and

Taxes, except the Land Tax; and for providing a Work-

house for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of

Saint George ; and for the better Relief and Management

of the Poor of both Parishes.

70. An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and

Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow Bar-

dolph, Wimbotjkam, and Dounbam, in the County of

Norfolk. ’ '

71. An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and

amending the Road from Crcjford Bridge, through the

7'ownships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of

Alanchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

72. An Act for the better Security and Defence of the

Town and Port of Liverpool.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno Regni 38 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and allotting the Commonable

Pastures within the Parishes of Chedzoy, in the

County of Some Jet.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Hetberjett, in the County

of Norfolk.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain

Waste or Common, called Eljled Marsh, within the feve-

ral Parishes of Elfted and Trotton, or one of them, in the

County of Sussex.

4. An Act for naturalizing Henry Jolivet. . ,

5. An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding.

6. An Act for naturalizing Augiiflus Frederick Piefchel.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener.

8. An Act to enable the Rignt Honourable Richard Aid-

worth Lord Braybrooke, Baron of B? aybrooke, and Richard

Neville, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Ne-

ville, and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Ri-

chard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Blue Male, re-

spectively, when they shall respectively become beneficially

entitled to the Possession, or to the- Rents and Profits, of

certain Estates deviled by the Will of the late Right Ho-

nourable John Griffin, Lord Howardde JValden and Lord

Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peer-

age of the Barony of Braybrooke in Possession, to use and

take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant j

to the said Will.

9. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Sack.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com

monable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and im-

proving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands,

within the Parish of Middlezoy in the County of 1Somerjet.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open

Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and VVaite Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke,

other wise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham.

12. An Act to difi'olve the Marriage of James Fozard with

Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier.

14- An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Jfelin and Daniel

Eckenjlein. *

15. An Act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelerin.

16. An Act for vesting diyers Lands and Hereditaments, in

the Parish of Chittingly otherwise Chiddingly, in the County

of Sul Tex, Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry

Chaifield Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for fubltituting

and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes

of Balcombe and Westhoathly, in the said County, the Efface

and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfeld, of greater Va-

lue, in lieu thereof.

17. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Moors, Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Ma-

nor of AJkerton in the Barony of GUJland, which lies

within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumber-

land.

18. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Moors, Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper Denton

and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of

Giljland, in the County of Cumberland.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

Town Field called Sowerby Field, a certain Stinted Paf-

ture called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called

South Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Town-

ship of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of

York.

20. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and im-

proving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands,

within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Moorlinch,

in the County of Somerset.

21. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

monable Places, lying and being within the Manor and

Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Open and Common Fields, lying within the several

Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of East

Knoyle otherwise Bishops Knoyle, in the County of Wilts.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Township and Liberty of Keyworth, in the

County of Nottingham.

24. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open, Arable,

and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Gulling Power, in the County

of Gloucester.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the

Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Brough-

ton, Pent robin, and Banned, within the Manor and Parish

of Hawarden, in the County of Flint.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the . Parish of Bozeat, in the

County of Northampton.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmf-,

cot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for dividing, enclosing, allotting, and improving,-.

the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows,

Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Unin-,

closed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Mef-

hi, ' fmgham9

