A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo o£tavo Georgii III. Ixi.

to be paid out of the Fund arising by the said recited Act, fully and effectually convey and assure, or cause

or procure to be conveyed and allured, unto the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and

their Successors, (who shall and are hereby declared to be a Corporate Body for such Purpose,) in Trustfor

the Use of the said Parish, the Freehold and Inheritance of and in all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate

on the North Side of and adjoining to that Part of the intended new Street or Pafl'age from Temple Bar to

JVych Street, which will be neaily opposite to the North Weft Corner of the said Parish Church of Saint Cle-

ment Danes, and extending inLcngth from the Front of the intended Buddings (coform Part of the Circus)

on the North Side of the fame Street or Paflags, home to the South Wall ot Clement's Inn Hall, and being

in the Front, and also at the Rear, and every other Part thereof, not less in Width than the Vestry Rooms

and Court Rooms now belonging to the said Parish ; and that on the Front of the said Piece or Parcel of

Ground, where it will adjoin the said intended Circus, Street, or Passage, there shall be erected and built, at

the Expence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to be paid out of the Fund arising under the

said recited Act, a good and fuffleient Building or Buildings, of not less Dimensions than the present Vestry

Rooms and Court Rooms, to be used as Vestry Rooms and Court Rooms for the said Parish and Duchy*,

and upon the Rear or Back Part of the said Ground, or under such Part of the said Building as can be con-

veniently used'for such Purpose, (after allowing a Way the Width of the said Ground, to the Burial Ground

hereinafter mentioned,) there shall also be erected and builr, at the Exnence of the said Mayor, Aldermen,

and Commons, to be pa d as aforesaid, proper Alms Houses for the Use of the Alms Women of the said

Parish, in lieu of the present Alms Houses intended to be taken down ; such Vestry Rooms, Court Rooms,

and Alms Houses, to be for ever then after used in such and the like Manner as the present Vestry Rooms

and Alms Houses of the said Parish are and have been used, and to be thenafter sustained and kept in

Repair by the said Parish and Duchy, in like Manner as the said Vestry Rooms and Alms Houses

now are. '* . - '■'< > ■" T •, * ;• ' •-V 7 rii.-<jj* .' f*

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the

said Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in Vestry assembled, may by mutual Assent make

such Alterations and Variations in the Scite of the fame intended Building or Buildings, and in the erecting

thereof, as to them may seem meet, subject to such Provision as to an Increase in Expence, as in the said

former recited Act is mentioned ; or the said Inhabitants may accept a specific Sum in lieu of eredlingfuch

Vestry Rooms, Court Rooms, and Alms Houses, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

to such Person or Persons as the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled, shall direct and appoint,

to be laid out by them the said Inhabitants in the eredlingof the said Buildings.

44 For preserving Uniformity in the Elevation of the Vestry Rooms, &c. (if built) with the adjoining

44 Buildings. § 8. - Common Council empowered to build on, or otherwise make use of, Part of the pre-

44 sent Church Yard, leaving a Way round the Church. § 9. The Church of Saint Clement Danes to be

44 inclosed with Iron Railing, Gates, &c, § io.”

XI. And be it further enacted. That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council

assembled, shall find, provide, and set out, for the Use of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, so much

Ground for a Burial Ground, as shall be equal in Quantity of Superficial Feet, to such Ground as shall be

taken by them from the present Church Yard or Burial Ground, of and belonging to the said Parish and Pa-

rish Church of Saint Clement Danes ; such Ground so to be set out for that Purpose to be situate on the East

Side of and fronting the intended Scite of the said new Alms Houses, and to extend Northward up to the

South Wall of Clement's Inn Hall before mentioned ; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

shall at their own Expence, to be paid out of the Fund arising by the said recited Act, procure all the said

Ground so to be set out in lieu of the Burial Ground which shall be taken away, to be confeCrated as Burial

Ground for the Use of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and shall also enclose such Part of the said

Ground as shall lie on the East Side of the said intended Alms Houses, with an Iron Railing, to be placed be-

fore the Fronts of the said Alms Houses, leavinga Passage in Front of the said Alms Houses, and shall also

make and leave the said Ground proper for a Burial Ground, and shall fix and put up a proper Gate as an

Entrance thereto, at such Place as shall be pointed out by the Churchwardens of the said Parish, with a Lock

and other necessary Faftenings to such Gate.

44 Not to apply any Part of the present Church Yard, fsV. to the Purposes of this Act, until other Ground

44 is provided in lieu thereof. § 12.” • 1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in effecting the intended Improvements near the said Parish

Church of Saint Clement Danes, the Graves in the Church Yard shall be as little disturbed, and as little

Damage shall be done to the Grave Stones in and about the said Church Yard, as reasonably may be, and

that such Grave Stones as shall be necefliarily removed on Account thereof, shall be refixed at the Expence

of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, to be paid out of the Fund arising

by the said recited Act, in such Part or Parts of the present Church Yard as shall remain to be used as such,

or in the New Church Yard or Burial Ground to be provided, as tha!I be most lit: Provided always. That

whenever it shall be necessary in pursuance and execution of this Act, to open or disturb any Grave or

Graves, or any Burial Vault in the said present Church Yard, it shall be lawful for the Relations and Friends

of any Person or Persons whose Corpse or Corpses shall have been interred or depoftted in such Grave or

6 E 2 - Graves,

Proviso as to

Alterations i»

the Plan ihcrc-

ofj &c»

Common Coun-

cil to provide

certain addi-

tional Burial

Ground lor the

said Parish.

Grave* in the

Church Yard to

be disturbed as

little as may be,

and Grave

Stones to be

refixed, &c.

