XV

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 III.

ing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores,

to be consumed on board Merchant Ships in their Voy-

ages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods,

and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the

further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised,

in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the

Free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from

Ireland^ and the Britisho Plantations in America; and to

the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into

England,

41. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Clo3thing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March one thousand (even hundred and

ninety-six. # ‘ I

41. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of

the Warwick* nd Birmingham Canal Navigation to finish

and complete the same; and for amending the Act of

Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

43. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

Act for the better paving,cleansing, repairing,

the Hir/nva

lighting, and watching

of and in

for re mo vi

-----7 - '7

’ County of Kent, and

fnnoyances therein, and for

holding a public Market in

the said VUl.

44. An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal, autho-

rized to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Ken-

net, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of

Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath ;

and aIfo certain Navigable Cuts therein described; and to

amend the said Act; and also to make a certain Naviga-

ble Cut therein described.

45. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

Sa(fed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present

dajesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, paving, and

cltonfing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the

Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent; and

for removing and preventing Encroachments, Olfflrudions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein,

46. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River

Exe near the Town of Topjhain, in the County of Devon,

to the River Tone, near the Town of Jaunt on, in the

County of Somerset; and for cleansing and making navi-

gable a certain Part of the said River Tone; and for mak-

ing certain Cuts from the said Canal*

47. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near

Gain s Cross, in the Parish of Shiilingston Okeford, in the

County of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and

Avon Canal at or near Widbrook, in the County of I Vi Its,

and also a certain Navigable Branch from the intended

Canal.

48. An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Canal autho-

rized to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with

certain Railways, and Stone Roads, from fever a I Collieries

in the County o/* Somerset, to communicate with the intended

Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the

County f>f Wilts, and to alter and amend the said Act.

Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing

and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

50. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and other

public Passages and Places, within the Town of IVakefeld,

in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing

the fame,-and removing and preventing Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. -

51. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise

improving, the Streets, and other publick Passages and

Places, within the Town of Beccles, in the County of

Suffolk.

52.^ /\n Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and

Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties

thereon, in certain Cafes.

33. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been

concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Or-

der of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation

of Rock Salt; for preventing Suits in consequence of

the fame; for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Ex*

porration or carrying coastwise of Rock Salt; and for

making further Provisions relative thereto.

54. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirteenth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

the more effectual P reservation of the Game in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland; and for. repealing and

amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto.

33. An Act for making the Port of Scarborough, in the

Bland of Tobago, a Free Port, under certain Regulations

and Restrictions.

56. An Act for amending an Act, made in this present Sef-

fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing Bounties

49. An Act for paving,

ways. Streets, and L

sj —--w| wwmmi*

of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or

Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Per~

Jons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, or

on the Delivery oj the fame out of Warehouse for Heme

Consumption

37. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnifying Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further l ime

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Offi-

cers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft

or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-

missions duly stamped; to give further l ime to such Per-

fons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the

Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-

licitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the

Peace within the Timelimited by Law, and for allowing

further l ime for that Purpose.

58. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regu-

lating the Trade between the Subjedtsof His Majesty’s

Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories be-

longing to the United States of America, so far as the fame

relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between

this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries be-

longing to the said United States.

39. An Act for the more effectual Execution of several

Acts of Parliament, made for the 'I 'rials of controverted

Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parlia-

ment.

c 2 60. A*

