392

C. Q 2.

iimo sexto

A.D. 1796

Application cf

Penalty.

Appeal may be

nude to the

Quarter $cf-

fions, who may

finally deter-

mine the Mat-

ter and award

Costs.

_ ^ ^ E *1 a , - 4 #

of ha£ls, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Dif-

tress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in case the fame shall not be forthwith paid, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Chargesof

such Distrefsand Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one Moiety

therec f to the Party aggrieved, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find himfeff aggrieved by any such Order of

any Justice or Tuftices of the Peace for the Payment of any such Sum of iYlon/y as aforesaid, it shall and

may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sef-

fionsof the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where any Demand, in pursuance

cf such Order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the

fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at such Sessions, to award and order, wncre they shall fee

Occasion, the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, which fuel) Appellant, as Churchwarden or

Overseer of the Poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such Order made by virtue of this Act, and hath

neglected to pay, in Manner aforesaid; and in every such Cafe the said Justices, at the said General or

Quarter Sessions, may award and order to the Party for whom and in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be de-

termined, or to whom Notice of Appeal shall have been given, such Colts and Charges in the Law as they

shall think reasonable: Provided always, that the respective Allowances, which may be made as aforesaid to

the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and of Persons serving in the said Militia,

shall not occasion such Families to be removeable, or compelled to be sent to any Workhouse or Poor House*

nor shall such Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and Private Men, serving in the said Militia*

be thereby deprived of their legal Settlements elsewhere, nor of their Right of voting for the Ele&iun of

Members to serve in Parliament. < I

Allowances to

Families not to

compel them to

be sent to

Workhouses,

nor to deprive

the Husbands

of their legal

Settlements or Right of voting for Members of Parliament

Adjutants to

have the fame

Allowances as

in other Regi-,

merits.

Serjeants may

receive their

Allowance on

the Establish-

ment of Chelsea.

Non-comm if-

fioned Officers

and Drummefs

entitled to the

\ LI V. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutants appointed or to be appointed to the said Militia, who

shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Services, shall be entitled to the (arne Provision as is

aUowcd to other Adjutants of Militia, determined by any A& that now is or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the

Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that any

Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea at an Allowance of twelve Pence per D$y, and

being appointed to serve in the said Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of twelve Pencep<?r

Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia, in like Manner as in other Militia Forces; and any Per-

son who shall have served as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia, who shall be dif-

charged for Age or Infirmity, shall, on a Recommendation from the Commanding Officer of the Regi-

ment to which he belongs, and a Court of the said Commissioners, be equally entitled to the Benefit of

Chelsea Hospital with the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, of the otaer Militia Forces of this

Kingdom. , ? ,

Benefit of Chelsea HospitaL

Acceptanccof LV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commissionin the said Militia shall not vacate

Comrmflions the $eat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament: and that no Person being an Officer in the said

Seatf inertia- Militia shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff.

ment. Officers not liable to serve as Sheriff's. V v V

✓ m ♦

LV I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer or Private Militia Man of the kid

Militia shall be liable to any Penalty or Punfthment, for or on Account of his Absence during the Time he

shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time he shall be

returning from such Election.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of each Regiment

shall and is hereby required, as often as the said Regiment shall be called out to Annual Exercise, as before

directed, to return to the said Commissioners a true State of such Regiment; and in case the Colonel or

Commanding Officer of either or both Regiments shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of tbiee Calendar

Months after the said Annual Exercise, so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of one hundred Pounds.

Men

who arc Voters,

not punishable

for going to

Elections.

A State of the

Regimentwhen

called out to

Annual Exer-

cife, to be re-

turned to the

Commissioners

on Penalty of 100I.

No Serjeant/'

Ac. compellable

to serve as a

Peace or ParUh

Officer, or in

the Navy.

24 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to ex-

tend to the

men,f Comm if- ^arrants, shall extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to his Majesty’s said Commissioners, md

sioners, AffVflT- the Allcffors and Collectors, in the Execution of this Act, or any ocher which relates to t.iC fa:d Militia,

©rs, and Col- - in like Manner and as fully and effectually as the fame extends to Justices of the Peace acting ui the Execu-

twftore. tien of their Office. TZ' *1T

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, of the said Mi-

litia, or any Private Man, from the Time of his lnrolment until he shall be regularly discharged from the

said Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer* or to serve in any of his Ma-

jesty’s Sea Forces. , u.Mii

t

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace

more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Con ft ables and others a fling in Obedience to their

Wjrrants, shall extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to his Majesty’s salt

10

LX. And

