A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 56, 57. 105

IX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel

shall continue to be resident within this Kingdom, it shall be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to carry on any

of the said Fisheries, and to import and export into and from this Kingdom, and to carry to the Port of any

Country in Europe, the F'ifh caught in any such Fisheries, and the Oil and other Produce thereof, and such

Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the like Advantages as any British-built Ship or Vessel employed in any of

the said Fisheries, and to all such Bounties, Premiums, and Emoluments, as are granted by either or both

of the Acts continued by this Act, and to no other, subject nevertheless, in case of claiming such Bounties,

to the fame Duties, Rules, Regulations, Restrictioas, Penalties, and Forfeitures; and every such Ship or

Veil'd may import from any such Foreign European Port, in return for such Fish, Oil, or Produce, any

Articles which any British-bviWl Ship may by Law import from thence, subject nevertheless to thp fame

Duties, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any British-built Ship employed in

the like Trade: Provided always, that every such Ship or Vessel employed in the Manner before-mentioned,

shall be manned, with the Number required by Law, either of British Seamen, or of Subjects or Inha-

bitants of the said United Provinces, who have come to and continue to reside within this Kingdom, and

have qualified themselves in Manner before directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Person so qualified as aforesaid shall be entitled to purchase or

take by Descent, and hold any Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (not exceeding one

hundred Acres,) in the same Manner as any natural-born Subject of this Kingdom may now do.

Owners reside

in the Kingdom

such Vessels

may import the

Fifti caught,

export them,

and import in

return such

Articles as

British. built

Ships, if pro-

perly manned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Person qualified in Manner

before-mentioned, to imDort and bring into this Kingdom all such Ships, Tackle, and Furniture, and all

Nets and other Articles employed in such Fisheries, and also all Household Goods and Wearing Apparel,

without Payment of any Duty whatsoever, provided it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the

Comroi(Boners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, that such Articles respectively are not

imported by Way of Merchandize.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Oath before directed to be taken by the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be in the Form and Manner following, as far as

the lame is applicable to each or either of them:

Persons To

qualified may

purchase

Estates not ex-

ceeding 100 Acres,

and may bring

into the King

dom Ships, Sec;

Duty free.

Such Owners

to take the

following

4 I A. B. of (Place of Residence and Occupation) do make Oath that the Ship or Vessel (Name) of (Port or Oath.

4 Place j whereof (MaJleFs Name) is at present Matter, being (Kind of Built, Burthen, etcetera, as

4 dejerihed in the Certificate of the Surveying Officer) was (zvhcn and where built, and when and where it came

4 into this Kingdom); and that I the said A* B. and (the other Owners Names, and Occupations, if any, and

4 where they respectively reside, videlicet. Town, Place, or Parish and County, or if Member of and, resident in

4 any Fa ft ory in Foreign Parts, or in any Foreign Town or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House

4 or Ccpartnership, actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, Foreign

4 Town, of City, and the Names of such House or Copartnerfmp) am (or arc) foie Owner (or Owners) of the

4 find Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever, hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share,

4 or Property, therein or thereto; and (if a British Subieft) that I the said A. B. (and the said other Owner s+

4 if any) am (br are) truly and bona fide a Subject (or Subjects) of Great Britain, and that I the said A. B

4 have not (nor have any of the other Owners, to the befi of my Knowledge and Belief) taken the Oath of

4 Allegiance to any Foreign State whatever (except under the Terms of some Capitulation, describing the

4 Particulars thereof)-, or that, since my taking (or his or their taking) the Oath of Allegiance to (naming

the Foreign States respectively to which be or any of the said Owners shall have taken the fame), and prior to

the passing of an Act, of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act

g far the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I.have (or ht or they hath or have)

4 become a Subject (or Subjects) ot Gretit Britain, (either by his Majesty's Letters Patent, as a Denizen

4 (or Denizens) or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Cafe may be, naming the Dates cjf the Letters of

4 Denization, of the Act or Act; of Parliament for Naturalization respectively); or (as the Cafe may be) I have

4 (or be or they hath or have) become a Denizen (or Denizens, or naturalized Subject or Subjects, as the

4 Qjfe may be) of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament, patted

4 since the first Day of January one thousand ('even hundred and eighty-six, (naming the Times when such

4 Letters cjf Denization have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in which such Act or Acts of

4 Naturalization have faffed respectively,) or (if not a British Subject) that 1 A. B. and the other Owners, if

4 any, being a Subject or Subjects, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, of the United Provinces, or having been an

4 Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof, and now resident in this Kingdom, (describing the Particulars thereof as

4 to Pin ce and Date,) have (or he or they hath or have) taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to his

Majesty the King of Great Britain, (describing the Times when, the Place where, ond before whom taken,)

and that no Foreigner, not having complied with the Conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectly,

4 hath any Share, or Part, or Interest, in the said Ship or Vefl’el.’

". CAP. LVII.

An Act to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the TVifi India

I (lands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign

Bottoms.—[$th May 1795*J

35 Geo. III.

p

CAP.

