A.D. 1798

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

Table (B.)—continued.

C. 76

INWARDS.

Sugar, For every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross

Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross

Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Company of

Indico,

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

Cotton Wool, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the

Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the public Sales of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

Coffee, the Hundred Weight - -

Cocoa Nuts, the Hundred Weight -

DUTY.

3

s.

d.

3

4

3

2

4

9

Table (C.)

A TABLE of New and Additional DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Exportation from this

Kingdom, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described; not having been

imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

UGAR, viz.

Unrefined, not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, (except in Cafes where, by any special Provision in this

Act, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) the Hundred Weight

Refined Sugar, called Bastard, and Ground and Powdered Sugar, and Refined Loaf

Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, (except in Cafes where, by any

special Provision in this Act, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) the Hundred

Weight -

All other Refined Sugar, (except in Cafes where, by any special Provision in this Act,

such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) the Hundred Weight . -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Alanufadlure of Great Bri-

tain, (except Refined Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which,

by any special Provision in this Act, are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed,)

exported to any Part of Europe, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real

Value thereof - -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Bri-

tain, (except Refined Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which,

by any special Provision in this Act, are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed,)

' exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Limits

of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof

DUTY.

C

d.

1 61

1

6*

3

10

- . 2

Table

