1797

tricesimo sept

C. 103.

shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud, or wilful Partiality, or gross Negletft in his Duty, the

said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and

required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept for the Space of one

Calendar Month, or, at their Discretion, to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling,

nor less than forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding of this A&, if the Lieutenant, or any three De-

puty Lieutenants, of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall, within the Space of thirty Days from and

after the first General Meeting appointed to be held under this A£i, make a Return of a certain Number of

able and sufficient Men, and out of such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who are willing voluntarily

to engage to serve together in a Company or Companies, Regiment, Battalion, or other Corps, under

Officers appointed from such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, during the present War, and in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland only, then and in that Cafe such Volunteers shall be accepted in

full or in Part of such Quota as would otherwise by this Act be imposed on such County, Stewartry, City,

or Place. , '.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall be

liable to such Service although he may have removed from the Place where his Name was inserted in

the Lift, provided he was residing in such Place at the Time when the Lift was, according to the

Directions of this Act, prepared and every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than one

Place of Residence, shall serve for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where his Name shall have

been first inserted in such Lift as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivision or Districfc Meeting, to which

such Lift shall be returned, shall, if such Person requires the fame, grant a Certificate, gratis, under his

Hand, that such Person’s Name was inserted in such Lift, and spe'cifying the Time when such Lift was made

and returned. '

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the People called Quakers, {hall be

chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath aforesaid,

and to serve in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be approved of as aforesaid, who shall take the

said Gath, and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then, and in every such Cafe,

any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace,

or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall, upon as reasonable Terms

as may be, provide and hire a fit Person who shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve in

the said Militia as the Substitute of such Quaker; and any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy

v I T ^ ^ 1 T . §

Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any

uftices of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods

and Effects of such Quaker, by Warrant under the Hands of any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two

Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any Deputy Lieutenant together with

two Justices of the Peace, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Rxpences of

providing and hiring such Person to serve in the Militia during the War, and for one Calendar Month there-

after, as the Substitute of such Quaker so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any)

after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Quaker upon whom such Distress shall have

been made as aforesaid; and in case any Measures shall be used in making such Distress as aforesaid, which

may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain thereof to the

Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and re-

quired to hear and finally determine the fame.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be en-

rolled as a Militia Man, and any Dispute {hall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employ-

ers, and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his

Service performed before the Time of such Swearing and Enrolment, or to such Time as, under the Condition

of the said Swearing and Enrolment, he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Master or Mistress,

Employer or Employers, by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so sworn or en-

rolled, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof, within three Months from the Time of quit-

ting the said Service, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Master

or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Com-

plaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the

lame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant, in Proportion to the

Service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in Question do

not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of any Sum so Or-

dered, by the Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Justice shall and may issue

forth his and their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Master or

Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the

Charges of such Piftrefs and Sale.. ,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall receive Money from any other

Person to serve as his Substitute in the Militia, and {hall neglect to appear at the Meeting appointed as

aforesaid for swearing the Militia Men, or before some one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be sworn

according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so neglecting to appear and be sworn, such

Neglect being proven before any two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, by the Oath of one

credible Witness, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received

37 Geo. 111. , 4 K it,

609

Volunteers rr.ay

be accepted as

the Quota of a 2

County.

Persons hallot-

ted mult serve,

though they re-

move from the

Places for which

chosen, tec.

Substitutes may

be provided for

Quakers, and

the Expence le-

vied by Distress.

Quakers think-

ing themselves

oppressed may

appeal.

Justices may

determine Dis-

putes between

Servants en-

rolled as Militia

Men and their

Employers, re-

fpccting Wages.

Snbftimtes who

do rot appear tt>

be sworn,'to re-

turn the Bounty

Money, and for-

feit not exceed-

ing 20s. or be

committed.

