714

puty Lieute-

nants, to be

deemed a De«

ferter, and liable

to forfeit 201.

Constables to

cause Notice of

the Time and

Place for affi m-

bling the Mtn

ro be chosen by

Ballot to be af-

fixed on the

Church Doors.

Persons not

chosen by Pallot

may be accepted

as Volunteers

in tl»e Room of

those that are.

When the whole

Number enrolled

for any Subdivi-

fion Aiail be em-

bodied, if any do

ret appear, and

be not taken

within three

Months, the

Vacancies to be

filed up by a

fresh Ballot,

County Lieute-

nant to appoint

the first Meeting

of the Deputy

Lieutenants and

Justices on the

Day for aflem-

bling the Men,

and to appoint

the Time and

Place of aflem-

bling the Men

ballotted, in

order to their be-

ing embodied.

Men appearing

to be muttered,

and a Number to

be chosen by Bal-

lot equal to Half

of the Whole

that ought to be

enrolled. Sec,

Persons chosen

by BaUot to be

embodied, and

to attend at the

Time and Place

appointed for

that Purpose.

Persons not bal-

lotted to be dif-

barged from

Attendance.

Meetings may

be held notwith-

Jtsmding the AS-

toes*

C. 18.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

Wmcers, wiimn incir reipccuve ranuicbj i auu i uiau

appointed for assembling the Men to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid, to

Churches or Chapels belonging to their respectiveLancaffery Lancaster, Parishes, Tythings,

----- 1 —/ 9

and according to the

ptirfuawce of this A6>, every such Person shall be deemed a Deserter; and if not taken previous to the

Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this A&, shall forfeit the Sum

of twenty Pounds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to serve within the Intent and

Meaning of this A&, and to be embodied according to the Directions herein contained, over and above

the Number to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, 'That the respective Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other

Officers, within^their respective Parishes, Tythings, and Places, shall cause Notice of the Time and Place

affixed on the Doors of the

and Places, or where there is no

Church or Chapel, then on~the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or Place there-

unto adjoining; and such Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of

the said Acts, of the Time and Place of so assembling for those Parishes, Tythings, and Places respectively;

and all such Persons shall attend at the'l ime and Place mentioned in such Noli

fame.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled by virtue of the said Acts, and not chosen by

Ballot in pursuance of this Act, shall offer himself as a Volunteer to be drawn out and embodied in the

Room of any Person so chosen by Ballot, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting to

accept such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so ballotted as aforesaid, and such Person so accepted

shall serve as if he had himself been cholen by Ballot.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the whole Number of Persons enrolled in the said Supple-

mentary Militia for any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn

out and embodied in pursuance of this Act, and in case any of the Persons so ordered to be drawn out and

embodied shall afterwards make Default, eiiher by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as afore-

said, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of three

Months from the Time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants at

their next Meeting for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default was enrolled, on the Certi-

ficate of such Default, under the Hands of the Officer appointed to receive the ballotted Men for such

Subdivision of such County, Riding, or Place, or commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company to which they shall be appointed; and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a fresh

Ballot for a Supplementary Militia Man, which Ballot shall be conduced according to the Provisions of the

said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, and in like Manner as if such Vacancy had been occasioned

by Discharge from the Service.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of every

County, Riding, or Place, or any three or more of them, shall appoint the first Meeting to be holden by

the several Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, or Division, within

their respective Subdivisions, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on

the Day mentioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the said Supplementary Militia,

in order to their being ballotted to serve as herein is mentioned, and shall also appoint the Time and Place

of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so ballotted, within their respective Counties, Ridings, or

Places, in order to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants

/I y- | I T 4 J 11 I'm 111 I A /“ / p I r

y

ftl

by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and one such Justice of the Peace, or where

no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by any one such Justice of the Peace; and the said Deputy

1

Ballot as shall be equal to One-half of the complete Number that ought to be enrolled by virtue of the said

Acts on the Lift of such Subdivision or District, and to cause the Names of all the Persons so chosen to be

marked on the Lift of such Subdivision or Distridj and when the Ballot shall be concluded, the said Deputy

Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, or suchs Justices of the Peace as

aforesaid, shall cause the Lift of such Subdivision or Distiid to be publicly called, and as the Name of

each Person contained therein shall be read, shall declare whether such Person is or is not (as the Cafe may

be) ballotted out of such Lift, in the Manner hereinbefore provided j and the Names of all the Persons lo

chosen by Ballot shall be returned to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Per-

fons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants, who shall have given such Order as aforesaid; and the

Persons so chosen by Ballot shall be embodied to serve according to the true Intent of the said Acts; and

the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, or such Justice of

the Peace as aforesaid, shall openly declare 10 the Men, who have been so ballotted, the Time and Place of

their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Person or Persons, who shall be

so declared to have been so ballotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the

—- i ~ m m % * m m m a I M-mt W m A#

jmim

.all be dii-

ly atter

dingly

laid, fh

charged from further Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

_— a J a . a. a a m a

arged

VIII.

Tii

in cale any or the Meetings api

Affixes in any Town where fu

should fall within the

d to be held, Doubts

may

