■ 4 ft.

A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricedmoo&avo Georgii III, C. 66,67,68.

829

such Offer the Commanding O/ficer shall have

if made, is purely voluntary on their Part, and

Previous to cer-

tifying any vo-

luntary Offer f

the Command-

ing Officer shall

make such Offer.

No Place to be

drawn to fill

Vacanc.es

wliilfl serving

in Ireland.

Continuance of

Act.

England, or of any other Act or Acts now in force, as prohibits the carrying out of the Kingdom of

Great Britain any Part of the Militia Forces thereof, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be fuf-

pended, in so far only as may relate to any Part of the said Forces not exceeding in the Whole twelve thou-

sand Men, whom his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve in Ireland for the Suppression of the

present Rebellion there, in consequence of such voluntary Offer as may have been or as shall be made by them

to that Effect, and duly certified by their Commanding Officer. Militia to

II. Provided always, That previous to the certifi

explained to the Persons making the same, that the

that no Person serving in the Militia of this Kingdom can be compelled to make such Offer, or to engage

to serve out of this Kingdom, except by his own Consent so signified.

explain to the Men that they cannot be compelled to

III. Provided also, That no County, Riding, City, or Place, shall, during the Continuance of this

Act, be drawn to fill any Vacancy arising from the Death, Desertion, orDischarge of any such Non-

commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Soldier, belonging to such Militia Forces, whilst serving in Ireland.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Ac! shall continue in force till the Expiration of one Calendar Month

after the Day of the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Base Coin to His Majesty’s Colonies in the West

'IS y ' r, * Indies and America.—[21ft June 1798.]

* WHEREAS various Base Copper Coins made to the Resemblance and Similitude of the Foreign

4 VV Copper Coins, called Tempes and Sous Maraues, have been exported from this Kingdom to the

4 Island of Martinique in the West Indies, under the Denomination of Wrought Copper: And whereas

4 Base Coin made to the Similitude and Resemblance of the Foreign Gold and Silver Coins, called Jo-

* hannes and Dollars, have been circulated in his Majesty’s Islands in the West Indies, and in other his

* Majesty’s Colonies in America, to the great Injury of the Inhabitants of the said Islands and Colonies:’

For preventing the like and similar Evils in future, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all Copper Coin whatsoever, not

being the legal Copper Coin of this Kingdom, and all Counterfeit Gold or Silver Coin made to the Simili-

tude or Resemblance, or intended to referable, any Gold or Silver Coin, either of this Kingdom or of any

other Country, which shall, under any Pretence, Name, or Description whatsoever, be exported or

shipped, or laden or put on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for the Pur pole of being exported from this

Kingdom to the said Island of Martinique, or any of his Majesty’s Klands or Colonies irl the West Indies

or America, shall be forfeited, and the lame shall and may be leized, sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in

such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of

and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture

incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs, may now be seized, sued for, prosecuted,

or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s Islands in the

; Wtjl Indus respeaively, as the Cafe .nay happen to be. *. « under the Laws resptain^Customs.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Perfo/i who shall so export, or shall so ship, lay, or put on Penalty on Per-

hoard any Ship, Vellel, or Boat, in order to be so exported, or shall cause or procure to be lo exported,

. shipped, or put on board any Ship, Vefiel, or Boat, or shall have in his or her Custody, in order to be so

exported, any such Coin as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds,

and double the Value of such Coin, to be recovered by Bill, Suit, Action, or Information, in any of his

- Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

\ ; CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Payment, until two Months after the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinna-

mon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Du-

ties thereon.—[21ft June 1798.] ......./ t f

CopperCoin n»t

being legalCoin,

and counterfeit

Gold or Silver

Coin, exported

or shipped for

Exportation, to

Martinique, or

any of his Ma-

jesty’s Colonies

in the Weft In-

dies or America,

shall beforfeited,

fons exporting

it, &c. zool.

and double the

Value of the

Coin.

c

4

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have lately

imported into this Kingdom a large Quantity of Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Macc, upon

which certain Duties are now chargeable according to the Weight thereof, and the Exporters of such

4 Goods

I

