A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 5.

hereby required to take Notice, that such Man (or Men) is (or are) to be raised on or before the

Day of next ensuing, being twenty-one Days after* the Date of the said Order; and

that as soon as you have agreed with any Person to serve, you are to produce every such Person before

the Officer appointed to regulate the Admission of Men into the Naval Service for your Parish, and if he

shall approve of him, you are then to cause him to be brought before two or m,ore Justices of the Peace

of your DistridI, to be examined; and in case the Regulating Officer shall reject any Person raised by

vou, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate Notice of your

Intention to appeal to the Justices at the next Petty Sessions to be held in your DistridI; and you are to

make a Return of all Matters and Things done by you and the Inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or

them, in pursuance of the said Act, and according to the Directions herein contained, to the Justices of

the Peace acting in and for the DistridI of at a Petty Sessions to be holden at

on the Day of next fenfuing. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord 1 .

A. B. Chief Constable of

No. 5.

FORM of Notice to the Principal Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places united together.

To the Principal Inhabitants of

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next ensuing, at a Vestry

(or Meeting) at to take into Consideration the most foeedy and effectual Means of railing

one Man (or Men) appointed at a General Sessions of the reace holden on the

to be raised by you for the Service of the Navy, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Herefet forth the Title

of the Att\ and so that such Man (or Men) be raised, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty’s Service,

on or before the Day of now next ensuing, being the Time appointed for raising

such Man (or Men).

S A. B. 1 Churchwarden.

C. D. J Overseer.

No.*6.

FORM of Order for fixing the Time of Appeals.

To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes, Tithings, and Places, within

the of in the County (Riding, arDivision) of and

to each and every of them.

M— 1 AT the First Petty Sessions held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

J Afl\y for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

of the Parishes, Tithings, and Places respectively, within this Hundred, (or Rape, Lath, or Wapentake,

as the Cafe may he,) touching the Execution of the Orders given them under the above Act, it is ordered by

the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said DistridI, attending the said Petty Sessions, that all

Appeals of Parishes, 1'ithings, or Places, within the said DistridI, charged to raise Men, under the above

Act, against the Proceedings of Regulating Officers appointed under that Act, who shall reject any Man or

Men raised by the said respective Parishes, Tithings, or Places, whereby such Churchwardens or Overseers

shall be aggrieved, shall and may be heard and determined on the Day of next

ensuing, and on following, until such Appeals shall be determined at before such

Justices as shall then and there meet to hear and determine such Appeals. Given under our Hands and

Seals, the Day of----- in the Year uf uur Luiil 4

j| No.

FORM of Order of Justices upon a Difference or Disagreement between two Parishes or Places*

M— ■—,) WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to us A. B. C. D. Justices of Peace, in and for the

Dishifl of J said County of M» acting in and for this DistridI, and assembled at a Petty Sessions this

Day of in the Year of our Lord that [ Here

set out the Complaint], we do hereby order that [.Here set out the Orderly and that this Order shall be final

and conclusive upon all Parties. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

No. 8.

■ . t\: , FORM of the - Justices Certificate.

}WE A. B. and C. ZL Esquires, two of the Justices of the Peace in and for this County, and

acting in and for the DistridI of in which the Parish of ^ ^ is situated,

3S Geo. HI. D do

