A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 46,47, 4.8.

eleventh Year of his Maj'efty’s Reign, irltituled, An Act for the better Support and Eft ablifoment of the

Greenland and IVhale Fi/hery, as grants the like Protection to the Persons therein described; and also so

much of any other subsequent Act or Acts as grants the like Protection to any Person or Persons therein de-

feribed, shall be, and the lame are hereby declared and enacted to be of no Force and Effed for and during

the Space of five Calendar Months, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of May one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight: Provided nevertheless, That the Sufpcnsion of the said Acts, so far as they

relate to Persons serving on board cf Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade, shall not continue longer

than one Calendar Month, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of May aforesaid.

.763

1 f Geo 3. c. 38.

and of any other

Ad, as grants

Protedions to

Persons from

being impressed,

to fufptrtukd

for five Months,

from May 24,

179$:-

But such Sufpcnsion, so far as relates to Persons in the Coal Trade, to continue only for one Month.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be sued or molested for taking and im^ Persons not to

pressing, or causing to be taken and impressed, within the Time aforesaid, any Person or Persons for his ^faedforim-

Majesty’s Service at Sea, contrary to the rrovisions.of the said Acts, or any of them. , she^nm^speci-

» . “fied, contrary to the recited Acts.

CAP. XLV11. .■ V i . 'V .' '

w

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commis-

sioners for the Redudioncf the National Debt.—[26th May 1798.J

. CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, parted in this present Session of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised

in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand

as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners.—[26th May 1798.]

c 1 r 7HEREAS n Ad was passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an

Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax> to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thou-

fa ndseven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas determined by the said Adit is enacted, That certain Persons

4 named and appointed, or to be named and appointed, Commissioners* in Manner therein mentioned,

4 should put the said Act in Execution as therein directed; but it is not thereby required that such of the

4 Commissioners as shall act within or for any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, (except

4 as therein particularly provided,) shall be qualified in any other Manner than by being an Inhabitant of

4 such City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, by reason whereof improper Persons sometimes

4 Ad as Commissioners :* Tor Rerricdy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by*

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a

Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act, within any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town

Corporate, (except the Cities, Liberties, and Places, the Commissioners acting within which are respect-

ively required to be qualified as in the said Act is particularly mentioned and directed,) unless such Person

shall, at the Time of his acting, be seised or possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Va-

lue of forty Pounds per Armunu or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over

and above all Ground Rents, Incumbrances, and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of such

Leasehold Estates, or unless such Person shall, at the Time of his acting as aforesaid, be possessed of a Per-

fonal Estate to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, nor unless he shall in either Cafe be an Inhabitant of

the City. Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate, within which he shall act as a Commissioner, nor

(except in’administering the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned) until he shall have taken and sub-

feribed an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

» » #* ® I* 0 1 I f jf \ f \ 9 A b #

4 T A. B. do swear, JV, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm,] That I truly and

4 A bona fide am possessed of, in my own Right, and in the actual Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and

4 Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possessed

4 of a Personal Estate to the Amount of one thousand Pounds. So help me GOD.’

"Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for any Commissioner to administer to any other, any Thing in

the said first recited Act, or any other Act, contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding

and if any Person hereby required to be so qualified as aforesaid^ and not being so qualified, or not having

taken an Oath or Affirmation as hereinbefore directed, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Exe-

cution of the said recited Act; every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeitand pay

the Sum of fifty Pounds to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be re-

covered, Together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

lPefiminJier9 over and above such other Pains and Punishments as he may be liable to by any Law or Sta

tute of this Realm for wilful and corrupt Perjury j and in every such Action brought against any such Per"

Bl ‘ sF* ion

I

C. 5. of this

Session.

No Person to act

as a Commis-

fioner of the

Land Tax in

any City, Bo-

rough, Cinque

Port, or Town

Corporate, un-

less qualified as

herein men-

tioned.

Oath of Qualifi-

cation,

■which any Com-

missioner may

administer.

50I. Penalty for

acting not being

qualified, or not

having taken

the Oath.

Proof of Quali-

fication to lie on

the Defendant.

