A. Dr 179 S. Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III. C. 60.

Person or Persons, in every such Cafe, to appeal to the Commissioners appointed by this Act, for the Purpose

of hearing Appeals at the next Petty Sessions held by them, within and for the Division or District within

which such Land Tax, or any Proportion thereof, shall be charged, and the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Appeals,

at any Petty Sessions to be by them appointed, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, and on due

Confederation of all the Circumstances attending the Cafe upon which such Appeal shall arise, and on Exa-

mination upon Oath or Affirmation of the Parties interested in such Appeal, and all other Persons who shall

be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things relating to the Matter in Dispute as aforesaid,

which Oath or Affirmation they, or any two or more of such Commissioners, are hereby authorized to ad-

minister, and on the Production, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of any Deeds, Conveyances, or

Instruments, or upon the Production of any Affidavits or Depofltions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirma-

tien. to be made in Manner herein directed as to such Affidavits, Depofltions, or Affirmations, as may be

produced to the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such

Commissioners of Appeal, and they are hereby required to determine such Appeal, and give such Order

therein, as in their Discretion shall feern expedient, which Order shall be final and concluflve upon all

Parties; and if such Commissioners of Appeal shall have any Doubts, touching any Matters or Things re-

lating to the Determination of such Appeal, it shall and may be lawful for such lass-mentioned Commission-

ers to require the Advice and AflUtance, or the Opinion of any Counsel learned in the Law, being a Barriffer

of five Years (landing at the lead, as to them shall seem most expedient, and such Commissioners shall and

may award the Cods actually incurred in such Appeal, and no more, together with such Expence as shall

have arisen from the obtaining the Advice, Affidance, or Opinion of Counsel, as the Cafe may be, if any

such Expence shall have been incurred, to be paid either by the Party against whom such Appeal shall have

been determined, or by both the Parties to such Appeal, iafuch Proportions as to such Commissioners shall

seem just and reasonable ; and in case of Refusal or Non-payment of any Sumsfo ordered to be paid, by the

Space of twenty-one Days next after such Determination, such Commissioners of Appeal, or any two of

them, shall and may issue forth their Warrant, to levy the same by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Sum as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus to the Owner

or Owners, after the Payment of the Charge of such Didrefs and Sale : Provided always, That where

/Capital Stock, which would be requiflte to be transferred for ihe Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax

respectively, about which any such Dispute as aforesaid may arise, would in the Whole exceed five hundred

Pounds in such Public Annuities, the Person or Persons so thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved

as aforesaid, shall and may apply to the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in England, or the Courts of Sef-

fionor Exchequer in Scotland, by Petition, to be preferred, in a summary Way, which Courts refoedively

may thereupon grant such Relief, and make such Order therein, as to the said Courts respectively shall seem

meet.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any

Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Ill’ (A-)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Amount of the Land Tax, and the Lands

upon which it is assessed. . ,

t I

2. and C.D. two of the Commissioners of Land Tax, for the County

do hereby certify, that the Lands [briefly describing the Land; and Hereditaments

chargeable] are charged with Land Tax to the Amount of [and if more

Parcels of Land Tax than one, repeat the Description] \ and that the Mcfliiage and Lands [briejly dejeribing

the fame \ are charged in like Manner to the Amount of ' making in the Whole the

Amount of

(B.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the CONTRACT.

'

KNOW all Men, That we A. B• and C. D. two of the Commissioners ap-

inted for the Purposes of an Act [Here insert the Title of the Afi]> for the [County y Ridings Wr.J do

... . — i-----— J-----J —:*u ° c— — ru Redemption by,” or u Sale to”

ind Tax f or. Parcel of the Land

honers

V the Land Tax; and if any Land Tax redeemed er purchased tn ether Lands, to be specified in the fame

38 Geo. III. s N Manner]

■ .817

next Petty

Scfliom, and

their Order

shall he final

and conclusive.

Commissioners

of Appeal may

have the Advice

of Counsel, and

award Lofts,

Sec.

m

Where the

Consideration

exceeds 500L

Stock, Appeal

may be by Pe-

tition to the

Courts of

Chancery, Ex*

chequer, or

Session.

Act may be va*

ried or repealed

this Session.

