754 C. 42. Anno tricesimo octavo G e o rg ii III. A.D. 1798,

CAP. XLII.

c. 15.

An additional

Duty of Excise

of 51. per Cent,

to be paid on

Tea fold in

Great Britain by

the East India

Company for

as. 6d. per lb.

and upwards,

(or having been

so.d, found in

their Warehouses,

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise upon Tea; and for re-

pealing so much of an Act, made in the last Sefilon of Parliament*, as charges a Duty

of five PoundsCentum upon Tea imported into or fold in Great Britain.

' [ (Oth May 1798.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

^ \ 7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjedis, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

1 VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public f^xpences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased Chjrge oc-

4 cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to

4 be passed in this Se/Tion of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 Majesty the additional Duty hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty

4 that it may beenadled ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, 'That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respedi

thereof by any Acts of Parliament, the further Duty of Excise herein-after mentioned ; that is to say. For and

upon all Tea, which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be fold in Great Britain, by the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound

Weight and upwards, or which having been fofold, shall be found in any Warehouse belonging to the said

United Company after the passing of this Act, a Duty of five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the

Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold, to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the

said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for

the Time being. ‘oJHBFi

) after passing this Act.

Duty to be un-

der the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioneis

of Excise, and a

Drawback to be

allowed on Ex-

portation, &c.

Pr»2C Tea fold,

pursuant to

3 3 Geo. 3. c. 34.

to be subject to

additional Duty.

Duties to be paid

into the Ex-

chequer, and

carried to the

Consolidated

fund.

Application of

Duties.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of

the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the Ex-

portation of such Tea to any Place where a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law, and

upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and under, subjedi, and according to the same Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled,

or established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, and

relating to the Exportation of Tea ; and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Pe-

nalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, prac-

tifed, applied, and put in Execution upon such Exportation of any such Tea ; and the said Duty by this Act

imposed shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such Persons, and tinder, subjedi, and according to

the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which are respectively

contained, provided, settled, or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before

the passing of this Act, and relating to the Excise Duties payable for or in respedi of Tea; and the said

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively shall be, and

the fame respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for the raising,

levying, collediing, and paying the said Duty by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures were

particularly repeated and again enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or

their Agents, pursuant to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions prescribed by an Act, passed in the thirty-

third* Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes^with

respeli to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdomy shall be subjedi and liable to the ad-

ditional Duty by this Act impoled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time aiifing by the Duty by this

Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to

Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster \ and the said Money, so paid in

as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monks to arise by the Duty by this Act im-

Posed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the

urpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by such Part of any Loan made, or Stock created or to

be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, as shall

not exceed the Sum of seven Millions ; and the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing,

shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, ditlindily and apart from all

other Branches of the Public Revenue; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of

\ the

