340 C. 53.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

RULES —

# ' a % «'* ^ . «^i a 4F « a , ^ Ah . I ^ 1 - » ^ ., a L 1. *«. if v

FOR INFERRING

The Value of an Annuity of 100 /. per Annumy held on the longed of two Lives:

Jjfoy The Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Annum, held on the joint Continuance of three Lives:

Al/o, The Valup of an Annuity of too/, per Annumy held on the longed of three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Artnumy payable Yearly, and held

on the longed of two Lives. . . -

THE Values of an Annuity of 100 /.per Annumy held on each of the single Lives, to be added together,

(fremTable I.), and from this Sum the Value of an Annuity held on the joint Continuance of the

two Lives, (from Table II.), to befubtra&ed; the Result is the Value of an Annuity of too U per Annum%

held on the longed of the two Lives. t

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Annumy payable Yearly, and hold

on the joint Continuance of three Lives.

, » I _ v

THE Value of an Annuity’of 100 /. per Annum on the joint Continuance of thettro elder Lives, is to be

found from Table II. The Age of ,a fingleLife of the fame (or neared) Value, with the Annuity on the

said joint Lives, to be found from Table I. The Value of an Annuity of 100l. per Annum on the joint

Continuance of this Life, and the younger Life, from Table II. Five Pounds being deducted from the said

Sum, is the Value of an Annuity of 100 /. per Annumy held on the joint Continuance of the three Lives.

^ 1 . |

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of ioo /. Annum t payable Yearly, and held

on the longed of three Lives. * " 1

THE Values of an Annuity of ioo I per Annum for each of the three single Lives to be extracted from

Table I. and to be added together. “ The Value of an Annuity of ioo I. per Annum, on the joint Contin.-

alice of the two youngest Lives, also the Value of an Annuity of ioo I. per Annum on the joint Continu-

alice of the two elded Lives, alfathe Value of an Annuity of tool, per Annum on the joint Continuance of

the olded Life and the younged Life; (all found by Table II.) to be fubtra£ted from the Sum or Addition

of the Annuities on the three single Lives: To the Result is to be added the Value of an Annuity of ioo /.

per Annum held on the joint Continuance of the three Lives j the Amount is the Value of an Annuity of

ioo/. per Annum on the longed of the three Lives.

H: ... CAP. . LI II. t -

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying

into Execution an Order of His Majesty in Council respecting the Exportation of

Rock Salt; for preventing Suits in consequence of the lame*, for authorizing His

Majesty to prohibit the Exportation or carrying coastwise of Rock Salt i and for mak-

ing further Provisions relative thereto.—[26th April 1796.]

Order in Coun-

cil of Aug. 12,

and Dec. 30,

1795, and Feb.

12, and March

16,1796, re-

specting Rock

Sait, recited.

\ T WHEREAS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the twelfth Day of August onethou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five, pleased to order that do Person or Persons whatsoever

4 should, from and after the Publication of the said Order until the twenty-fifth Day o{December one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and ninetyrfive, directly or indircdtly, export, transport, carry, or convey, orcaufeor

4 procure to be exported, transportsd, carried,or conveyed out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain,

4 or load or lay on board, or cause or'procure to be laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vefiel, or Boat,in order

4 to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any Port or Place in Great Britain, any Sort of

4 Rock Salt whatsoever*, which Order was, by three Orders of his Majesty in Council, bearing Daterefpe£t-

4 ively the thirtieth Day cf December one thousand seven hundred and ninety- five, the twelfth Day of February

and thesixteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-iix*further continued For the Space

4 of four Weeks, to commencefrom the eighteenth Day of March one thousand ieven hundred and ninety-six:

4 And whereas the said Orders cannot be justified by Law, but were expedient for the Service of the Public,

and for preventing the Supply of a necessary Article to his Majesty ys Enemies, and ought therefore to be

4 justified by an A<S of Parliament; and all Persons bluing, advising, or acting under or in Obedience to

1 t ic said Orders respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

- and

