<34

6 Geo. I. Cap.

18.

Public Act.

0

C. 69

73

tricesimo quinto

A.D. 1795.

Alignment of the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit err Profits

thereof, or shall declare any Trust thereof, to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five;

or shall open or cause to be opened any Book or Books for Public Subscriptions to be made by any Number

of Persons exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pre-

tence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or themselves, or his or

their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or rums of Money whatsoever of any Number of Persons, ex-

ceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act

as a Corporate Body; or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby granted into any

Number of Shares exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or

done, any A cl, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such l ime as such Person or Persons shall have any

Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an

Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, inti-

tuled, An Act for the better Securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Alajejly^ by

two Charters, for AJfurance of Ships and Merchandises at Seay and for lending money upon Bottomry, and

for rest rainingfever al extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned; or in case the said Power,

Privilege, or Authority, shall at any 'Lime become vetted in or in I'rust for more than the Number of five

Persons, or their Representatives, at any one lime, otherv/ife than by Dcvifc or Succession, (reckoning

Executors and Administrators as and for the single Person whom they fepresent, as to such Interest as they

are or shall be entitled to in Right of such their Tcftator or Intcftate,) that then, and in every of the said

Cafes, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted shall utterly cease, determine, and become

void; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and

taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jetty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain

Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board

ofTrustees by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

and to repeal the J'aid Act, as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which

became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Mucpherson, late of Cluny.—[19th May 1795-J

“ 24 Geo. III. Cap. 57, recited; and that Part which subjects the forfeited Lands of Cluny to the Payment

44 or 5,138/. 17s. nd. repealed. The forfeited Lands of Cluny to be (abject only to the Payment of

M 3,188/. 7J. id” 1 HT3

CAP. LXX.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the

County a/'Middlesex; and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish; and for

making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing

the said Church, and other Works.—[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXI. , rvi- If

An Act for building a New Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York.—[19th May 1795.]

CAP. LXXII. T

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth> into

the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick.

I \, - [19^ May 1795.1

CAP. LXXIII. ' - \ jjflpH

An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth Years of the

Reign of His present Majesty, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for pavings repairings

cleansings and lightings the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better

Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof and for divers other Purposes therein mentionedj and for mak-

ing more effectual Provisionfor those Purposes.—-[19th May 1795. J

u Acts 8 Geo. III. Cap. 46; io Geo. III. Cat. 23; 13 Geo, III. Cap. 48; 15 Geo. III. Cap. 21,

u recited and repealed. Vestrymen appointed. Vestrymen not to hold a Place of Profit; but may act as

“ Justices. Vestrymen to meet on a Saturday; and may adjourn for a shorter or longer Space than the

u next Saturday; but Notice to be given thereof. Vestrymen to pay their own Expences. Clause for

u eledting new Vestrymen. After Absence of two Years, to cease to be a Vestryman. No Act valid, un-

44 lefsat a Meeting. Majority present at public Meetings may act. Chairman to be appointed. Chair-

*0 ' “ man

