732

the Admiralty,

tiftrd in any

ot her Trade

than that for

which l.censed,

may be felled.

Cutters, See.

feizrd, miy be

disposed of, as

directed by

27 Geo.3. c. 32.

The Sea Stock

cf Liquors of

Officers of the

Navy, may be

removed from

one Ship to ano-

ther, Duty free.

* c. 4S.

Drawback on

Wines in Forts

enumerated in

33 Geo. 3. c.48.

to extend to

Wines delivered

into the Charge

of the Colkdlor

and Comptroller

of the Customs

at Falmouth.

Recovery and

Disposal of For-

feitures.

* r. 7/5. and

fee 3 7 Gto. 3.

C. 33j 34,35. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georg ji III. A.D. 1798.

gation of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

to any particular Trade or Employment, and such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or

Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be engaged for or used in any other T rade or Employment

whatever within the Date of the Licence, such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or

Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the same Manner as she

might or would have been in case of no Licence having been procured for her.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack,

or Yawl, and all and every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be seized by virtue or in pursuance of the

said recited Act or of this A£1, shall be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied, in such and the like

Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, and ReHri<Stions, as Veflelsand Boats forfeited

by the said hereinbefore recited A<St are directed to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied.

XIV. 4 And whereas it is expedient that Wines which have been put on Board any of his Majesty’s

c Ships for the Use of any Admirals, Captains* or Commission Officers, under the Authority of an Act

1 passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign *, should be allowed to be removed from one Ship

4 to another without such Wines being first landed and warehoused be it therefore further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Admiral, Captain* or pther Commissioned Officer, Hull

be desirous of removing his Sea Stock of Liquors from one Ship to another, the proper Officers of the

Customs shall, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them,

permit the fame to be transhipped accordingly, without Payment of any Duty whatever, under the like

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are provided for the tranlhipping of Liquors by the said recited

Act.

XV. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the Drawback allowed by the said recited Act should be extended

to the Allowance of the Drawback on Wines in any of the Poits therein enumerated, shall be and the fame

is hereby extended to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty’s

Customs at the Port of Falmouth, in the same Manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, Re-

ftridtions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the said Port of Falmouth had been enumerated in the said re-

cited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures created and incurred

by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by

such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Forfeitures incurred for any Offence against the Laws of the

Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers

concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the

Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Profecucions of Seizures for

unlawful Importation. |t . . V'

•cap. xxxiv. :

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in

pursuance of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for better

securing his Majesty’s Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain

Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Lois or Damage in consequence of the said

Act.—[5th April 1798.J * . - :* V •

* n CAP. XXXV.

mining the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or

Plantations in the IFcfl Indies, until the twenty-fourth Day oijune one thousand eight hundred and two;

to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the

he above a certain Limit, until the twenty-fourth Day of

une one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the further Support and Encouragement of the

u

u

rilheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis9s Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of De-

f -1 ^ 1 /• .1 I I 1 I ' A- At C\ * V 1 wl tt

cember one thousand feveh hundred and ninety-nine; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manu-

factures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-nine ; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, until the

first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one ; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-filth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue

for a limited Time, until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[5th April 1798.J

2p Geo. II. Cap. 15. continued till June 24, 1799. § !• So much of 17 Geo. Ill* Cap. 43. as permits the

Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay to the West Indies continued till June 24,1802. § 2. 3s Geo. III.

\

