52

' Pny of the

Militia.

Men may be put

under Stoppages.

Non-com mi f-

fioned Officers,

Jcc. to havfl an

Allowance in

lieu of Quarters.

ft

Commissioners

to take Security

from Treassurers

and Clerks.

Militia Men, Ac.

subj?& to 36

Geo. III. as far

as relates to Pe-

nalties for not

attending An-

nual Exercise,

Sec. and entitled

so the Bounty

granted thereby

when on Service

beyond the Li-

mits of the City;

and being mar-

ried may set up

in any Place.

Militia when

disembodied,

liable only to the

Orders they were

before drawn

out.

How the Pay,

&c. of the Mi-

litia is to be

defrayed.

The Commis-

sioners, when

the Militia i$

not embodied,

may order the

Non-commis-

iioned Officers,

tec. with Of-

ficers, to be put

under the Or-

ders of the Ma-

gi strates of the

City, &c.

33 Geo III.

Cap- 8}

C. 27.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

when received and recovered, in providing the Quota of Men, or so many of them as shall be wanting for

the Ward so neglecting or refusing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said

Militia {hall receive the same Pay as those of the other MiTitia Forces of this Kingdom, and when assembled

for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Private Men shall receive one Shilling per Day each Man,

during which Time itlhall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company to put the

Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding six Pence per Day, for the Purpose of pro-

viding them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessarics, and for defraying the Expence of

repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man’s Negledi: Pro-

vided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man for

such Stoppage, and after having deduced what shall have been laid out and paid for the Purposes aforesaid,

shall pay the Sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the fame

tl !# i* * t |k\r n III 1 1* iT* \ C t* I 9 1 T'* /

quartering

Drummer;, , w , M__________

ercife, or otherwise be in actual Service within the City of London, be allowed, in lieu of Quarters, at the /

Rate of one Shilling and nine Pence per Week each Man, to provide Lodging, in Addition to their Pay.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, fl*nd they are

hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, to be appointed

by virtue of the said Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as shall be satisfactory to the

said Commissioners. /' it

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man, being sworn in and inrolled, and every Serjeant,

Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer, raised by virtue of this Act, shall be SubjedI to every Clause, Provision,

Matter, and Thing, contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament^ the Laws relating to the Militia in

that Part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia

Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for not attending the Annual Exercise, for deserting during it,

for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for enlisting into the Army or offering so to enlist, or en-

lifting into any other Militia, or for felling or pawning their Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloaths, or neglect-

ing or refusing to return them in good Order, and shall be proceeded against in Manner directed by the said

Act; and the said Militia Men Inall be entitled to the fame Bounty, when ordered out into actual Service

beyond the Limits of the said City, or Liberties thereof, as is granted by the said Act; and every Person

having served in the said Militia, when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up

and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Great Britain, as directed by the said Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia, or Part thereof, having been so drawn

out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men thereof

dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers,

and Private Men, shall be subject to the fame Orders, Directions, and Engagements only as they are made

subject to under the Provisions of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this Act, before

they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Trophies,

and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it mail be lawful for the said Commissioners to continue

to raise and levy in every Year, in Manner herein-before directed, the Proportion of one Month’s Taxr

amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence, which the

said City hath been used to pay by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several

Counties of the Kingdom^ and shall be accountable for the fame; and in Addition thereto, the Receiver Ge-

neral of the Land Tax for the said City shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the

Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, so much Money as shall be necessary, in Aid of the Trophy

Tax, towards the said Expence of training, exercising, paying, and keeping in Readiness, and other inci-

dental Expences of the said Militia; and the Receipt of the said Treasurer so appointed shall be a sufficient

Discharge to the said Receiver General for the Money so to be issued and paid by him.

XVlfl. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall not be embodied, according to the

Provisions of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

for the said Commissioners, when and so often as it shall seem to them requisite and necessary, to order the

Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates of the said two Regiments, or so many as to them may (eem fit, to be

put in Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, and with their proper Officers, or such Of-

ficers as they shall appoint, to be kept in constant Readiness to be put under the Orders of the Mayor or

other Magistrates of the said City, who shall have Power and Authority to call out the Whole of the said

Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, or any Part of them, for the Suppression of Riots, or any other requisite

Duty for which they may be wanted, the said Officers and Men, when so called out, to be subject to the fame

Penalties as are herein-before directed when the said Militia shall be actually embodied; and the said Corn-

missioners may order the said Serjeants, Corporals, and Privates, to be inspected and exercised so often as

they shall think proper and necessary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing, contained in an Act

of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,^ Act to provide

I ^ 7 for

