I

384

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii Ilf. - A.D. 1796.

Oath to be taken

by Persons ap-

proved.

€

(

C

who shall be in>

rolled to ft nre

five Years.

Penalty on

V/ard Officers,

for Default.

In case of De-

ficiency of

Men, the Com*

missioners to if*

sue Precepts to

the Aldermen,

Ac. to provide

others, or pay

30 1. for each

Man wanting j

and if they nc-

giedl to do so,

cr if the Men be*

rot approved

of. Sec. the

Wa rd to be

charged with

10 L for each, to

be applied by *'

the Commis-

sioners in pro-

viding the Men.

Surplus cf Mo-

nies to be ap-

plied as Part of

the Regimental Stock Purse.

Appearance; and such Constable, Beadle, or other Officer, shall appear at such Court or Courts, or before

such Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and make Returnon Oath of the Days when such Notices

were served; and every Person so provided shall, upon such Notice* appear at such Court, or before such

Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and if approved, there take an Oath in the Words or to the Ef-

sect following; (that is to say,)

T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty

1 King George; and I do swear, that 1 am a Protestant. and that I will faithfully serve in the Miliria of

London, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of- the fame, during the Term of five

Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be foon£r discharged.*

And every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in

the Militia of the City of London, as a Private Man, for the Space of five Years, and it shall be lawful for

any one of the said Commissioners toadnjinifter the said Oath; and in case the said Constables, Beadles, or

other Ward Officers, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to give the said Notice in Writing, in Manner

aforesaid, to every Person so provided to appear as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to appear and make

Return on Oath of the Service of such Notice in Manner aforesaid, every such Constable, Beadle, or other

Ward Officer, so negiecting or refusing in either or both of the said Cafes, shall forfeit and pay, for each Of-

fence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings*

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Men provided by or for the several Wards in the said

City and Liberties shall not appear, or shall not be approved by two or more of the said Commissioners, or

if through Neglect, Mistake, or any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed to be raised in any of

the said Wards shall not be duly inrolled at the Court or Courts at or before the said Commissioners so tube

appointed for that Purpose or if any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was

to serve, die, cr be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or by the Colonel or Com-

manding Officer of the Regiment to which he* shall belong, with the Consent in Writing of two or more of

the said Commissioners, as unfit for Service, or be otherwise regularly discharged, then and in either of the

said Cafes, the said Commissioners may and are hereby required immediately to issue Precepts to the said Al-

derman, Deputy, and Common Councilmen of the said Ward wherein such Deficiency or Vacancy shall hap-

pen, requiring them, or the major Part of them, within ten Days next following, to make good such Deficiency

or Vacancy, or to provide other Men, or to pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of ten Pounds for each

Man, in order lhat they may provide the fame; and that if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council-

men, of any of the Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall omit or refule to provide the Quota or

Number of Men herein appointed to be raised by or for their said respective Wards, or, having provided the

said Quota or Number of Men, any of them shall not be approved of, or shall refule or neglect to appearand

take the Oath, and be inrolled as herein-before mentioned, or shall die, or be discharged, and others shall not

be provided in their Stead as aforesaid, the said Ward shall, in lieu thereof, be charged with and pay the

Sum of ten Pounds for every Man not so provided, fwornin, attested,'and inrolled, which Sum or Sum^ of

Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in providing Men for the Wards which shall have paid

the fame, who shall be (worn in and inrolled to serve for the fame Time and on the fame Conditions as if

they had been provided by. the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen of such Wards respec-

tively, as herein-before is directed; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall remain, the fame shall be paid

to the Colonel, or such Officer as he shall appoint, of the Regiment, for which such Person shall serve, and

be applied as Part of the Regimental S^tock Purse.

Aldermen, See.

to make a Rate

to delray the

Expences of

raiiing Men*

Appeal from

Kates may be

made to the

Court of Mayor

ana Aldcnvun.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Aldermen, or Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the fe-

vcral Wards of the said City and Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized

and empowered to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate,

Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners

or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any

Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement or Hereditament, within their said

several and respective Wards, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, (Regard being had in making

the said Rate, to the Abilities of and likewise to the Relit paid by the said several Person and Persons, Bodies

Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhgods, whether Corporate or not Cor-

orate, and the Owners and Occupiers of public Buildings,) to defray the Expences of railing the Quota or

umber of Men to serve in the said Militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the several and

respective Wards aforesaid, as well as the Expences of filling up such Vacancies as may happen by Death or

Discharge, as herein-before mentioned, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves

aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them respeilive-

I?

ly to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, whose Decision shall be final and conclu-

five: Provided always, that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of

of the Town Clerk

of the said City within ten Days after the Sum so rated and afieftld shall be demanded, and such Appeal

shall be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City after such Notice shall be so left

as aforesaid.

XV. And

