A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 77> 78-

*55

w

> CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to con-

tinue, until the first Bay of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the thirty-third Tear of the

Reign of His present Majesty *, intituled, “An Act for establishing Regulations respecting

“ Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes."

? . [28th >^1798.]'

HEREAS by an Act passed on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

intituled, An Act to continue, until tbefrji Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Afl for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King-

dom, or resident therein, in certain Cafesf divers Provisions have been made concerning Aliens, and cer-

tain Things are by the said Act required to be done within certain Spaces of Time therein limited; and

it is expedient that his Majesty should be authorized to extend the Times so limited for doing such Things

respectively, in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem expedient;* be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be

lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, by his Royal Proclamation, or by Order in Council, to ex-

tend the Time and Times for doing all and every or any of the Things by the said Act required to be

done, within any certain Space or Spaces of Time, in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem fit, and

to appoint any longer Time or Times for doing all and every or any of such Things respectively ; and to

command and require all and every or any such Things respectively to be done, within such Time or Times

as in and by any such Proclamation or Order in Council respectively shall be limited and appointed for such

Purpose.

e' 4

Cap. 50 of this

Session recited.

irp<

IL And be it further enacted. That no Person shall be liable to any Pain or Penalty for refusing, omit*

as aforesaid, if such Thing shall be done within such Space of Time as in such Proclamation or Order in

—- —-— — - — —— —— -——w — j - — — - j — -----

ting, or neglecting to do any Thing by the said Act required to be done, within any certain Space of Time

His Majesty by

Proclamation or

Order in Coun-

cil may extend

the Time for

doing certain

Things required

by the recited

Aktobe done in

a limited Time.

No Person shall

be liable to Pe-

nalty for not do-

ing any Thing

within such li-

mited Time, if

done within the

Time appointed

by Proclamation

or Order in

Council:

—- —

IV. 4 And whereas by the said Act Persons receiving Aliens to lodge or reside in their Housesor Apart-

* ments, are required to do certain Things in the said Act mentioned under certain Penalties be it en-

acted, That so much of the said Act shall not extend, or be construedto extend, to any Person who shall so

receive any Alien being the Domestic Servant of any of his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, or of any of

his Majesty’s Subjects naturalized or made Denizens, such Servant being actually attendant on his or her

Master or Mistress. * ' -

Council shall be limited and appointed for doing thereof, any Thing in the said Act contained to the con-

trary notwithstanding ; and that all and every the Pains and Penalties by the said Act provided and imposed

for neglecting or omitting to do any such Thing as aforesaid, within the Space of Time by the said Act li-

mited for doing thereof, shall be JufFcred and incurred in case such Thing shall not be done within the

Space of Time which by any such Proclamation or Order in Council shall be appointed for the doing

thereof.

III. And be it further enacted. That no Person shall be liable to any Pain or Penalty for having, before Nor for having,

the passing of this Act, refilled, omitted, or neglected to do any Thing by the said Act required to be done, b.cfor^

and that all Proceedings whatsoever for any such Offence committed before the passing of this Act, shall be ^ l0 /0

and the fame are hereby flayed and discharged. Thing required by recited Act,

So much of re-

cited Ad a. re-

lates to Person

receiving Alien*

to .0d{te, not to

extend to Per-

ing Doiiuftic Servants of his Majesty’s Suhjeds attendant on their M. ftcis.

I CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing New (papers,

and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known ; and for regulating the Printing

and Publication of such Papers in other Respects.—[28th June 1798.]

* II 7 HEREAS it is expedient that Regulations (houldbe provided touching Publications of the Nature

4 VV hereinafter mentioned:* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with th * Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That.no Person shall, after forty Days from the paffng After 40 Day*

of this Act, print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Newspaperor other Paper, containing from the porting

public News or Intelligence, or serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, until an Affidavit or Affidavits, or Affirm- jj1*8 n?

ation or Affirmations, made and signed as hereinafter mentioned, shall be delivered to the Commissioneis for orpubiwha*”*

managing his Majesty’s Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, or to some of their Officer or Officers in rhe re- Newspaper un-

4 * (peftive til an Alntavic

