C. 66.

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

1 executed, when there happens to be a Principal or High Sheriff or Stewart appointed by his Majesty in

any County or Stewartry as well as a Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, whose Commission is also

derived from the Crown, and is ad Vitam ant Culpanu in respect that, by an A&, pafl' in the twentieth

Year of his late Majesty, for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions, these Offices and

the Powers and Authorities belonging to them, were eftcntially changed :* for Remedy thereof, and

to remove such Doubts, be it enacted, That, upon issuing of any Writ or Writs for the EledVion of a

Member or Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the said Writ or

Writs shall be forthwith forwarded and delivered to the Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Depute, or to the Sub-

stitute of each, and the Principal or High Sheriff, or Stewart, shall not -officiate either in receiving or in

executing the Writ, the Whole of this Outy being entrusted to the Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Depute, or,

in case of Absence, to the Substitute of each, and to no other Person whatsoever.

fli. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute

shall wilfully refuse, neglect, or delay to do or perform what is hereby required of him in any of the Par-

ticulars aforesaid, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling,

one Half to the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Half to his Majesty, to be sued for and

recovered in the Manner directed by an Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, an Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members

to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the

Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Principal or High Sheriff or Stewart, or

any Person other than the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or the Substitute of each, (hah presume in any Respect

to interfere or take upon himself the Execution of Writs of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such Person so offending in any Particular, shall, for every

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling, one Half to the Person who shall sue for

the fame, and the other Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be sued for and recovered in the

Manner directed by an Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Mcrnbers to serve for the Commons in

in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the Partiality^ and regulate

the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections; and further, the Person convicted on any Suit shall

thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever

under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Action or Suit for

any Offence against this Act, shall be commenced within twelve Months after Commission of the Faff on

which the fame is grounded, or within twelve Months after the Conclusion of any Proceedings in the House

of Commons relating to such Election.

VI. And whereas the several Parish Churches in the Stcwarty of Orkney and Zetland are situated upon*

Islands, detached and difficult of Access;’ be it therefore enacted, That the Writ for the Election of a

Member to serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry shall be published at the Town of Kirkwall, and the

twelve Parish Churches in the island of Pomona, or the Main Land of Orkney only.

■ f: CAP. LX VI.

An Act for making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities raised or

created, or to be raiftd or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on

Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Divi-

dends on such Stock and Annuities payable at the Bank of England; and for the better

Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England.—[19th May 1795.]

in their Ab-

fence their Sub.

flitue'es, to rc-

ceive and ex-

ecute Writs

for Elections.

Penalty on

Sheriffs De-

putes, Arc.

for NegltA of

Duty j

and on Hi$H

Sheriffs, Arc.

for interfering

in the Execu-

tien of Writs.

Limitation of

Actions.

Writs for the

Election of

Members lor

Orkney and

Zetland, where

to be published.

vv

c

nUn the Principal Sums therein provided, for and towards the Discharge of such

t) Manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the Officers of his Majestys TreaJ'ury

to receive certain Sums, for a limited 77mey in Manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his

~ ' lying a certain Sum of

___ d ninety-four; and for

'her Put pops; it was among other Things enacted, that it should be lawful to raise on Loan the several

urns of nine hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred and twenty-nine thousand iix hundred and fifty

Pounds; and that for so much of the said Sums as should be actually paid by any Person or Persons into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer cf that Kingdom upon Loan, by Debentures bearing Interest after

the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or upon Loan by Debentures bearing Interest after the Rate

of four Pounds per Centum per Armum, there should be paid at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer of

that Kingdom, at the End of every six Calendar Months, to the Person or Persons so paying or lending the

f.tmc, his, her, or their Executors, Admimrtrators, or Assigns, such Interest, not exceeding the Rate of

five Pout

from fuel . mm - - .______, iSBB® . _ , _ m _._____wt

Governors of that Kingdom for the l ime being, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions

4 whatsoever,

I n

A A of the Par-

liament of

Ireland of 34

Geo. III. and

