488

C.

15-

% i 1 " , \ i4 r

Annoitrieeiimo septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1796,

If Suears sub-

je& 10 the Duty

of 5 s. be ware-

hous'd, it shall

not be paid till

taken out for

Hf>me Con-

fu rapt ion.

On Brown and

Muscovado Su-

gar of the Bri-

tish Plantations,

imported after

Dec. 7, 1796,

a Drawback of

the Duty to be

allowed on Exportation ;

r

the said seventh Day of Decnnber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of five Shillings; and

so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

1L Provided always, That if any Sugars subject to the said Duty of five Shillings imposed by this Act,

shall be warehoused by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, then and in such Cafe the Paid Duty shall

not be paid or payable thereon, until such Sugars shall be taken out of such Warehouse to be used or con-

fumed in this Kingdom; in which Cafe, and before the fame shall be delivered from such Warehouse, the said

Duty, over and above all other Duties to which such Sugars are liable by Law, snail be first paid to the pro-

per Officer of his Majesty’s Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon all Brown and Muscovado Sugar, of the British Plantations,

which shall ha\* been imported into Great Britain after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, and on which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid

or allowed* on the due Exportation thereof, within the Times limited by Law, a Drawback of the Whole

of the said Duty by this Act imposed, provided the said Sugar be exported in the fame State in which it was

imported, but not otherwise.

and on Bastard,

Sec. Sugars so

imported, an

additional

Drawback of

a s. 6'd. per

Cwt. j

and on refined

Sugar made

from Frown and

Muscovado Su-

gar so import,

cd, an addi-

tional Draw-

back of 4 s.

3 s. 7 d. addi-

tional Duty to

be paid for every

ioooo Bricks im-

ported after

pairing this Attj

and an addi-

tional Duty of

5 1. per Cent, on

the Amount of

the Duties of

Customs cn

Goods import-

, &c. andiol.

per Cent, on

those Duties on

certain Articles;

but not charge-

able on ware-

housed Prize

Goofk.tfll deli-

vered ‘04 t /or

Home Con*

fumption.

Duty of 51. per

Cent, not pay-

able on certain

Articles.

Duties to be un-

der the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

of Customs in

England and

Scotland rc-

spedtively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for all Refined Sugar called Bastard, and Ground or Powdered Su-

gar.yind Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all S*Jgar called Candy, which shall be made from Brown

or Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, which fha’d have been imported into Great Britain, alter die

said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on which the Duty by this

Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation of every Hundred Weight thereof,

containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a

Drawback or Bounty of two Shillings and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity

of such Sugars refnedtively, over and above all other Bounties or Drawbacks allowed for the fame by Law,

on and immediately before the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

V. And be it further enacted, That for all Refined Sugar in the Loaf and Whole, being net, which shall

he made from Brown and Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, which shall have been imported into

Great Britain after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on

which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation of every

Hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to

the Exporter thereof, a Drawback or Bounty of four Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less

Quantity of such Sugar, over and above all other Drawbacks or Bounties allowed for the fame by Law, on

and immediately before the said seventh Day. of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall beraised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use

of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following additional Duties of Customs; that is to say, for

every thousand of Bricks imported into Great Britain from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of

three Shillings and Seven-pence.-. , '

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall also be raised,

levied, collected, and paid respectively, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Herrs and Successors, >an

wstsmmsammsm mm—— a

^ n ‘ ' r ' v iy

dize, which shall be imported into, exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise from Port to Port \n

7 r I I J / 4 ^ J J / ,

additional Duty of Customs at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount

of all the several Duties of Customs then payable by Law, for and upon any Goods, Wares, and iMerehan-

Great Britain, except as herein-after is, excepted; and a like additional Duty of Customs at and after the

Rate of ten Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Customs then due

and payable by Law, on the Importation into Great Britain of the following Articles, that is to lay, Brim-

(lone, Hemp, Iron in Bars or unwrought, and Staves, impoited from any Part of Europe: Provided always,

that the said respective Duties of five Pounds and ten Pounds for Centum herein-before granted, shall not be

any Pn2e Goods which now are, or hereafter may be, wamhoused in

I or Ac

Prizes, with respect to the bringing and land

charged or paid for or on account of any rrize cjoocs wmen now are, or nerearter may De, warenouicum

this Kingdom, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for granting Relief to the Captois of

ng Prize Goods in this Kingdom, unless and until such Goods

shall betaken out of or delivered from Tuch W arehouses to be used or consumed in this Kingdom; in which

Cafe, and before the fame shall be so taken out of or delivered from such Warehouses, the respective Duties

by this Act imposed of five Pounds and ten Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount of the re-

spedlive Duties of Customs payable by Law on any such Goods so taken out of or delivered from such

Warehouses, shall be first paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs: Provided also, that the

said Duty of five Pounds per Centum herein-before granted, shall not be charged or paid on the Produce

and Amount of the Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation of any Wine into Great Britain, nor

on the Produce and Amount of the Duty of Customs payable on Coals brought or carried Coastwise trom

Port to Port in this Kingdom; nor on the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs payab’e by Law

on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which other Duties are by this Act imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted as shall arise

in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the

Customs in England (or the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Custonts in Scotland for the J ime

being. ■*£ V| |Hk

- fl JX. And

