D.1795

tricesimo quinto

not exceed sixty-five Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable

thereon on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, and then and in such Cafe the Drawback and

Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid and allowed; any Thing in the said recited Act to the

contrary in any wise notwith (landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty due and payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom

of Refined Sugar produced from Aitfcovado Sugar imported from the Britifj Plantations in America, shall

be allowed and paid for all such Sugar as shall have been Clipped under the Authority of the said recited Act,

or may hereafter be Clipped by virtue of this A61, within the respective Periods mentioned in the said re-

cited Act, or this A61, although such Sugar shall not Be, of shall not have been, exported until after the

Expiration of such respective Periods.

County on Ex-

portation of Re-

lined Mufcova-

do Sugar to be

paid for all

shipped within

the

mentioned in the recited or this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further ena£led. That, on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any

Refined Sugar in any other than a British Ship or Vreflel, owned, navigated, and registered, according to

Law, there shall be paid and allowed one Shilling less Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of such

Sugar so exported, than if the fame had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated, and

registered $ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

\

On Exporta-

tien of Refined*

Sugar, except

in a British

Ship, is. per

Cwt. less

Bounty to be paid

CAP. CXI.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the thirty-third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and

Relief cf Friendly Societies ; and for extending lb much of the Powers thereof as relates

ro the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of

such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable

Nature.—[26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS determined by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, it was provided that no So-

ciety which had been established before the passing of the said Act for the Purposes therein mentioned,

should be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, unless all the Rules, Orders, or Regulations, under

which such Society should thereafter be governed, should be exhibited, confirmed, and filed, at the Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the County, Riding, Division, or Shire, at some Time

before or immediately next after the Feast of Saint Michael one thousand /even hundred and ninety-four :

And whereas many such Societies may have inadvertently omitted to take the Benefit of the said Act:’

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful

for any such Society to exhibit the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made for its Government, at any Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, to be holden in and for the County,

Riding, Division, or Shire, where such Society hath been established, at any Time before or immediately

after the Michaelmas Session in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six ; and that such Rules, Orders,

and Regulations, being confirmed in the Manner in the said recited Act directed, may be filed at such Sef-

fions, and shall be valid and as effectual as if the fame had been exhibited, confirmed, and filed, within the

Time in the said recited Act limited.

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 54, recited.'

Societies efta-

blished before

paflfing recited

Act may exhibit

their Rules for

Confirmation at

any Quarter

B-Sessions before

or immediately

Micliaelmas 1706.

II. 4 And whereas several benevolent and charitable Institutions and Societies are formed in this King-

4 dom, for the Purpose of relieving, by voluntary Subscrintions and Benefadtions, Widows, Orphans, and

4 Families, of the Clergy, and others in distressed Circumstances : And whereas such Institutions have, or

4 may have Funds, which they may wish to place out on Public Securities, under the Management of a

• Treasurer: And whereas, in order to give Stability to such Institutions, it is necessary that their Property

4 should be secured under the Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful

for the Governors, Directors, Managers, or Members, of any Institution, for the Purpose of relieving the

Widows, Orphans, and Families, of the Clergy, and others in distressed Circumstances, to frame good

and wholesome Rules, for the Management and Distribution of their Fund*, and the fame from Time to

Time to amend and alter, or to make New Rules, as Occasion shall require, and to procure the fame to

be presented to the Justices of the Peace for their Confirmation within the l ime herein-before limited, and

to be registered, under and subject to the fame Conditions, Methods, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the

Members of Societies, to be established by virtue of the said recited Act, are directed to make, alter, amend,

or renew and register, their Rules.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governors, Directors, Managers, or Members, of any such

Institution, whose Rules shall be confirmed and registered according to the Directions of the said recited

Act, shall and may appoint a Treasurer, who shall give such Security as is directed by the said recited Act;

Governors of

Institutions for

Relief of

Widows, Sec.

may frame

Rules and pre-

sent them for

Confirmation at

Societies clta-

blished by virtue

of recited Act.

Institution*

whose Rules

shall be con-

firmed may ap-

point Trcafur.

