A.D. 1798. . Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 32, 33.

not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, shall halt for any longer Time than

one intire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall

be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the

Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue, on such Market Day, the Supply

of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers ; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be en-

titled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such

Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like Manner as they would have been en-

titled thereto if such Day had not been a Market Day ; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary

hereof notwithstanding. 1. *' •* - ? .v’; '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in re-

cruiting, and the Recruits by themraised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of

their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in re-

gard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of

the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate

hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also

nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from

their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so re-

turning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Sntall Beer for such two Days as aforesaid, un-

less the Period between the Time of their Kemoval from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have

exceeded twenty-eight Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the twenty-fourth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine.

CAP. XXXIII. , r> ' v '

An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second,

and the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the

Performance of Quarantine; for punishing Persons acting contrary to any Order

in Council, which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or

for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize;

to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glafc into this Kingdom \ for permitting the

Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise, for the greater Convenience of Exportation ;

to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods im-

ported, which shall be loft or destroy^d before the landing thereof ; to prevent Vessels

licensed by the Admiralty, from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not pei>

mitted by their Licences; for permitting Wines put onboard any of His Majesty’s

Ships, to be removed from one Ship to another, without being first landed and ware-

housed; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the CoU

lector and Comptroller of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Falmouth.

[5th April 1798.]

IT THERE AS by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

VV George the Second, intituled, An An to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine^

and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain orIreland, or

c the lf.es of G uernley, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; all Ships and Vessels arriving, and all Per-

c Tons, Goods, and Merchandizes, whatsoever, coming or imported into any Port or Place within Great

€ Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, from any Place, from

whence his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall

judge it probable the Infection may be brought, are required to make their Quarantine in such Manner as

c directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Orders, made in his or their Privy Coun-

cil, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, and under divers Rules, Regulations,

4 Restrictions, Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said Act contained : And whereas by an

Act, pafiedin the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more ejfeki-

4 ually to secure the Performance of Quarantine ; and for amending federal Laws relating to the Revenue of

4 Customs; further Provisions were made for Performance of Quarantine : And whereas it is necessary to

4 make further Provisions, effectually to secure the due Performance of Quarantine;’ be it therefore enacted

by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every

Commander, Matter, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship or Veilel liable to the Performance

38 Geo.III. 5 IT of

729

Arrival, and

that be a Market

Day, their Diet

and Small Beer

not to be dif.

continued.

Recruiting

Parties and Re-

cruits on their

March to be

entitled to the

fame Benefits

as Soldiers j

under certain

Restrictions.

Continuance of

Act.

26 Geo. 2. c. 6.

28 Geo.3. c. 3 v

From Jan. t,

1799, every

Commander of

a Vcffil, liable

