342

and so much

as relates to

killing Partridge

before Sept I,

repealed.

Persons taking

Partridge, &c.

between Feb. i

and Sept. 14,

lia! le to Penal-

ties of recited

AS.

Acts

27 Geo. III.

Cap. 27.

30 G'co. III.

Cap. 29.

31 Geo HI*

Cap. 38.

32 Geo. III.

Cap. 37., and

33 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 50.

recited.

try .1

and from June

i, 1796,ex-

tended to the

Port of Scar-

borough in

Tobago.

36 Geo. ITT.

Cap. 21. recited

C. 55, 56. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796-

4 the searching for,takingand killing of Partridges, so early in the Year as the first Day of September, has been

* found very prejudicial to the Corn then growing or uncut, or cut and not carried :* May it therefore plea'e

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the

said Act as relates to the wilfully taking, killing, destroying, carrying, felling, buying, having, or uling, any

Partridge, before the first Day of September in any Year, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be

repealed. • * ' ,4 •

II. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall wil-

fully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her Possession, or use, within that Part of Great

Britain ca\\e& Scotland, any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the fourteenth Day of September

in any Year, shall be liable to and incur the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the said Act are laid and

imposed on every Person wilfully taking, killing, destroying, carrying, felling, buying, having, or using,

any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the first Day of September, in every Year; such

Penalties and Forfeitures to be imposed, inflicted, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner,

and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as in and by the said Act is provided and

directed. • ■-'*•«■ t . '; ' ' ,

i

CAP. LV.

* • &

An Act for making the Port of Scarbotough, in the Island of Tobago, a Free Port, under

certain Regulations and Restrictions.

^26th Ap il 1796 ]

4 XT WHEREAS by several Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, thirtieth, thiriy first, thirty-second, and

4 VV thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided that Wool, Cotton Wool, Ind:-

4 go. Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Tobacco, Logwood, I utlic, and aJl Sorts of Wood for Dyers

4 Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise fhcll. Hardwood or Mill Timber,

4 Mahogany, and all other Goods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth

4 and Pioduftion of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of

4 any Foreign European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may

4 be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kin* ft on. Savannah la

4 Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio in the Idand of Jamaica, the Porr of Saint (reoree in the

4 Island of Grenada, the Port of Roje.au in the Island of Dominica, the Pert of Kajfau in the Island of New

4 Providence one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Squit Johns in the island of Antigua, in any

4 Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and owned and

4 navigated in the Manner therein prescribed, and together with otnpr Goods and Commodities mentioned

4 in the said Acts, may be exported from thence under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And whereas

4 it is expedient to permit the Goods and Commodities herein-befoic enumerat d, to be in like Manner im-

4 ported into the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago, and together with such other Goods and

4 Commodities to be in like Manner exported from thenceBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, T'hat, from and afterthe first

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety* fix, all the Goods and Commodities herein-before

enumerated and described shall and may be imported into the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago,

in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and together with such other Goods and Commodities mentioned in

the said Acts, or any of them, be exported from thence to such Part of his Mujeliy’s Dominions to which

the Exportation of the fame is permitted by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and

Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures; to be recovered and applied in the Mannetf

in the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

m ft * * * • r * * 4 * -* r% Y * ♦

cap. lvi. . • . ; - m

An Act for amending an Act, made in this present Section of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Fime^ on the Importation into Great Britain, of

any Wheats liheat Flour, Indian Corn,* Indian Meal, or Ryef in Brieifh Ships, or

other Ships, the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty,

or on the Delivery of the fame out of IVarehouse for Home Consumption*

'ft , v [[26th April 1796.J

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Atlfor atinuinf

Bounties for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain, of any IVkeat, IVheat Flour,

4 Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships, the Property of Persons of ar.y Kingdom

or State in Amity with his Majesty, or on the Delivery of the fame out of IVarehouse for Home Consumption\

,4 it is directed, that none of the Bounties thereby granted shall be paid or allowed, unless the said Wheat,

4 and other Articles, shall be imported into some one of the Ports therein mentioned : And whereas it is

6 \ft fl

