X

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 Geo. III.

30. An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend

James Lord Bi/hop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant

certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now hclden under three

Leases in Several finaller Parcels by separace Leases.

31. An Act to enable William Bam ford Esquire, and other

Persons, after his Death, to grant Building Leases of cer-

tain Parts of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lan-

cajlerzn& Chester, reserving Rents.

32. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir Tho-

mas Kyffin Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Mo-

ney to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty

Debts, and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish

of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, Commons, and Wade Grounds, in the Parish of

Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, in the

Counties of V/arwick and Stafford, or one of them, arid

also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called

Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Nrwton Regis otherwise

Newton in the Thistles, aforesaid, and Clifton Campville,

in the County of Stafford-, or one of them.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Walles, and other Commonable Lands,

within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buck-

ingham.

36. "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme

upon the IVolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the 1Voids, in

the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a

Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the

ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Pad-

bury, in the County of Buckingham.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

Trin/ey otherwise Tirley, in the County of Gloucester.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cheddar,

in the County of Somerset.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands,

in that Part of the Parish of IVroughton, in the County of

' Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred

of Elftub and Everley.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Uptony in the County of Notting-

ham.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadow, Failure, and other Commonable and

Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Ham-

lets of Cauntcn, Pee fiberpe, Earlftmw, and Knapthoipe,

and fur exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and

also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caun-

ton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of

Tithes.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Conv

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of

Henloiv, in the County of Bedford.

44. An Act to enable Sir Henry Vane Baronet, to take the

Surname and Arms of Tempest, pursuant to the Will of

John Tempest Esquire, deceased.

45. An Act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse

dc Hompefch and James Charles Philip Bouwens.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and

Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cleckheaton, in

the Parish of Birjlaly in the Weft Riding of the County

of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of

Pallure Land in the Parish of IVintringhaniy in the

County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprizing

or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish

of JVintringham, called The Alarsh, Rotten Sykes, Low

Groves., and IVcJlern Greens, and other Land or Ground

lying between the fame Pasture and the River Humber ;

and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning certain

other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the

same Parish, called The Composition Closes and Hall Clofcsy

and for other Purposes.

49. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange

certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of

Argyll, for certain other Lands in the fame Shire, belong-

ing to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald Munro.

50. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gaily

Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and

his Heirs, in Exchange for another Ellate of greater Va-

lue, in the County of York, to be settled in lieu of the

said Estate in the County of Huntingdon.

51. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert

Rujhbrooke Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the Moll

Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee

Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the

fame County, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame-

52. An Act for vesting the settled Estates, late of John Dol-

phin Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in

Trustees, to be sold for Pay merit of the Portions of the

younger Children of the said John Dolphitiy and for the

other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Man-

chester, Crumpfall, and Tetlow, in the County of Lancas-

ter, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for

Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building

Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all

or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents.

54. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the

Will of John Smithy formerly of London, Merchant, for

charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John Par-

doe Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in

other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and for regu-

lating the Charity established by the said Will.

55. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of

Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Joseph Banks Bato-

net, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Henry Tho-

mas Gott Knight, situate in the CoumiestofKent and Sujfex

56. An Act for dividing and leafing, or letting, certain

Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and

Township of Congleton, in the County of Chifter, and

for applying the Profits of Part of the fame in Aid of the

Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within

the said Township. ^ J

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, in the Townships of Marcle%

IVolton, and Kinaston, in the Parish of Much Marcky in

the County of Hereford.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open

