2go

C. 4^*

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

the Manufac-

ture of Leather,

continued for

live Years.

13 Geo. Ilf.

Cap. 77. lor

Encouragement

of the Manu-

factures of

> lax and Cot.

ton in Great

Britain, conti-

nued to June

24,1797, See.

35Ceo. III.

Cap. 117. for al-

lowing the Im-

portation of

Rape and other

Seeds for ex-

trading Oil,

continued to

June 24, 1797, See.

So much of 19

Geo. ill. Cap.

22. as relates to

allowing a

Drawback of

the Duties on

Rum {hipped as

Stores in Mer-

chant Ships,

continued to

July 5,1801,Sec.

So much of 5

Geo I. Cap. it.

against dandef-

tme Running of

uncultomed

Goods, as his

been continued

by fubltquent

Acts to Sept.

*9> *795* far-

ther continued

10 Sept. 29,

>£02,

the Duty taxable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark fall exceed a certain Rat eyfor

a limited 7tmey which was to continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further Term of five Years, and from therreeto the End of

the then next Session of Parliament •, and which Act, by another A#, made in the twenty-fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived and continued for the further Term of five Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued, for the further Term

of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of

the Reign cf his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures

of Flax and Cotton, in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for two Years, from the first Day of

January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fouc, and from thence to the End of the then next Session ot

Parliament; and which said Act was, by several Acts, made in.the twenty-sixth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth,

and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of

the Reign oflhis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds

used for extracting Oily from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall

he above a certain Limit, which was to continue in Force for one Year, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth

Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament. i

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum,

shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force

for two Years from the full Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and which, by fe-

veral subsequent Acts, made in the twenty-first, twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth Years of

the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Avail be, and the fame is

hereby further continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the

fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running

of uncujlomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such

Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order

to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and

found after clearing Ships ; and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited

to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, and relating to the

opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound, and also relating to Hovering

Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons or under, and also concerning the Bales or Package in which

Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gal-

lons at the lead, and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were

to have Continuance for the Term of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof,

2nd from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively ; and which, by several sub-

jequent Acts, passed in the ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the second, eighth, thirteenth,

Sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign cf his late Majesty King

ty-nrir, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign

?o much of 19

Geo. II. Cap.

)4. as relates to

ortlier Ptinifh-

nent of Persons

t>ing armtd or

li%ui^d, Scc.

ru! for Relief of

officers in in-

ermationsupon

\c\zu res, conti -

med to Sept.

.7, 1802, Ak,v

piration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day

of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day

of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament. _ » !’ i

XIIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nine-

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An AClfor the further Pu-

nifhmentof Persons going armed or difruifed, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excijey and for indemnifying

Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief ef Officers of the Customs in In-

formations upon Seizures^ as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance

of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures,

which was to continue in Force for seven Tears from the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by

several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty,

9 - and

