733

A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimoodtavo Georgii III. C. 35, 36, 37.

u

44

44

€4

44

44

Cap. 117. continued till June 24, >799. §3* Geo- III. Cap. 41. and so much of zqGeo. III.

Cap. 53. as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland, Seas and Davis’s Streights, continued till

Dec. 25, 1799- § 4. 23 Geo. III. Cap. 77. continued till June 24, 1799* § 5- So much of 27 Geo. III.

Cap. 31. as diredis the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer, continued till June i,

1801. } 6. So much of 3 5 GVo.lll. Cap. 114. as was to have Continuance till ^0/7 5, 1797, further con-

tinued till 5, *799-§ 7.”

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty (half

suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.—[21ft April 1798.]

4 WHEREAS his Majesty’s Enemies are making Preparations with considerable and increasing

* VV A$ivity for the Invasion of his Majesty’s Dominions: And whereas these Designs are encou-

4 raged by the traitorous Practices of wicked and difalFedted Perfoais within this Realm Therefore, for

the better Preservation of his Majesty’s sacred Person, and for securing the Peace and the Laws and Li-

berties of this Kingdom ; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That every Person or Persons that are or shall be in Prison within the

Kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty’s Royal Assent,

or after, by Warrant of his said Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy

Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, or by Warrant, signed

by any of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody,

without Bail.or Mainprize, uncil the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ;

and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without

Order from his said Majesty’s Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council, till the said first Day

of February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith-

standing. •

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, (intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Impriftnment,

and against undue Delays in Frials,) in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to Cafes of Treason

and Suspicion of Treason, be suspended until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine ; and that until the said Day no Judge, Justice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scot-

land, shall liberate, try, or admit to Bail any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be, in Prison within

Scotland, for fdch causes as aforesaid, without Order from his said Majesty’s Privy Council, signed by fix

of the said Privy Council.

III. Provided always. That, from and after the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine, the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Sta-

tutes any Way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm ; and that this present

Act shall continue until the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no

longer. viding for the Liberty of

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to inva-

lidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member

of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he (lands

(ufpedled be first communicated‘to the House of which he is a Member, and the Conlent of the said House

obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prison at the Time of passing this Act, against

whom any Bill or Bills of Indictment for High Treason have been already found, shall and may be tried

on the said Indictment, as if this Act had never passed.

Persons who are*

or shall he im-

prisoned for

High Treason,

See. may be

detained till Feb-

I, 1799, &c.

Act in Scotland

of 1701, for

preventing

wrongous Im-

prisonment, so

lar as may relate

to Treason, &c.

suspended till

Feb. 1, 1799,&c.

From Feb. i,

1799, Persons so*

committed to

have the Benefit

of all Laws pro-

the Subject, &c.

Privileges of

Parliament not

invalidated by

this Act.

CAP. XXXVII.

Persons against

whom Jndidl.

me ms for High<

'I reason arc al-

ready found 10

tried t he rcoup

An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions byWay of Annuities.,

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

May

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheaifuily granted to your

4 Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of seventeen Millions be raised by

4 Annuities, in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that

4 it may be enacted and be it enacteds fcfr*.

“Every

