ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

24 Geo.

Scfl*. a. Cap. 5X

So much of re-

cited Act as re-

lates to ifilling,

and affixing

stampcdTickets

on Hats, and the

Provisions for

enforcing the

Collcdlion of

the Duties, to cease.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the better Collection of the Duty on Hats.—[19th 1796.]

4 IV/loft gracious Sovereign, * *'

c \\ 7 HERE AS, by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cer-

4 V V tain Rates and Duties are imposed on Licences granted to Persons uttering, vending, or felling by

4 Retail, any Hats therein mentioned, and also several other Rates and Duties on Hats uttered, vended, or

* fold in Great Britain : We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Bri~*

4 tainy in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient that the said Rates and Duties on Ilats should be col-

4 ledled under the Provisions herein-after mentioned ; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the issuing of stamped Paper Tickets by the Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties, or to the affixing such stamped Tickets in or upon the Hats liable to the said

Duties, by the respective Dealers in such Hats, and all Penalties and Provisions therein contained for en-

forcing the due Collcdlion of the said Duties on Hats, shall cease and determine, and that from thenceforth

the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the Provisions, and subject to the Penalties

herein-after contained and expressed. •; 1

Commissioners

of Stamps to

provide Stamps,

and put this Act

in execution.

Duty to be cal-

culated accord-

ing to the full

Price of the Hat.

Every Hat fold

to be stamped on

Che Lining.

Shapes for

Lining may be

sent to the Of-

fice to be

stampeck

An Account of

the Numbers

brought, and

the Duties, to

be entered in a

Pook, and the

Shapes to be

then stamped,

on Payment of

the Duty.

Commfftioners

may open Ac-

counts with

II. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said

Duties on Hats, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Commissioners for the Time being appointed

to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or the major Part of them, are

hereby empowered and required to provide and use such Stamps, to denote the said Duties on Hats, as shall

be requisite for the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to alter or renew the fame, or make

new Stamps to denote the said Duties, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, and to do all

other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into execution with relation to the said Duties on

Hats, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorized

to put in execution any former Law concerning Stamp Duties of any Kind whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and.after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-six, the Rates of Duty by the said recited Act imposed, shall be calculated at, and accord-

ing to the full Price and Value of the Hats in respect of which such Duty shall be charged, and of all the

Mountings and other Ornaments (except Gold and Silver Lace) /old or exposed to Sale therewith ; and

that every Hat made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Sub-

stances, or any of them, or with any other Substance or Substances by whatever Name such Hat shall be

called or distinguished, shall be liable to the said Duties by the said recited Act imposed ; and every such

Hat which, from and after the fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be fold

and delivered, shall, previous to such Delivery, be lined or covered in the Inside of the Crown thereof with

Silk, Linen, or other proper Materials, whereon a durable Mark or Stamp can conveniently be affixed,

to denote the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, and on which Materials a Stamp or Mark, to be pro-

vided by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, shall have been stamped or marked, according to

the Rate of Duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the greater Convenience in (lamping such Materials as afore-

said, any Person or Persons whatever may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the Head Office

of Stamps, any Quantities proper to be used, and intended to be used, for the Purpose of lining and cover-

ing the Inside of the Crown of such Hats, and cut into Shapes for that Purpose, to be marked and stamped

with such Marks and Stamps, to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the Rates of Duties payable for the Hats

to which such Materials are to be affixed, as the Person or Persons bringing the fame shall require ; and the

said Commissioners, or their Officers to be employed under them for that Purpose, or feme of them, shall,

from Time to Time, before the said Materials shall be stamped, take an Account of the Number of Shapes

which shall be at any one Time brought to the said Head Office to be stamped, and of the several Rates and

Duties required by the Person or Persons bringing the fame to be stamped thereon, and enter the fame in a

Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose ; and upon taking such Account thereof, shall

mark or (lamp with one of the said Stamps, one of the Pieces of every such Lining, in such Part thereof,

and in such Manner, as that the Stamp put thereon shall be and remain visible and conspicuous when and

after the fame shall have been affixed to any Hat, in the Manner intended and to be declared as herein is

mentioned, the Person or Persons bringing the fame to be so stamped as aforesaid paying to the Receiver

General of the Stamp Duties for the l ime being, or his Clerk, the several Duties payable for the fame by

virtue of the said recited Act, subject to such Discount and Allowance thereon as is herein-after provided,

which Stamp or Mark, when put on such Lining or Inside Covering, in pursuance of this Act, shall be a

sufficient Discharge for the Duty denoted thereby to be paid. 5

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said

Stamp Duties for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to open an Account in Books to be provided

* ' ; TsIJ

