A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 116.

£1

imported into Great Britain \ and that the further Duty of eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mention-

Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame dial) be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed,

as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fites, of the Produce of the British Co-

ionics or Plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon

were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundrea and ninety-

five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fites, which, since the said

twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the patting

of this A(hall be, imported into Great Britain \ and that the further Duty of one Shilling and four Pence,

mentioned in the said last mentioned A<St, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken

to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Fit*

above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which was imported into Great Britain,

and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of /V-

bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Rum,

Spirits, or Aqua Fites above Proof, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the patting of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain;

and that the further Duty of eight Pence is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken

to be and to have been imposed, for and in respect of every Gallon of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the

British Plantations, which, on the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, was or were in any Warehouse in which the fame had been put, subje£I and according to the

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in an Add, made in the fifteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits

of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the fame in Ware-

houses, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption (except such Rum

or Spirits as in the said Act is or are excepted); and that the further Duty of one Shilling and four Pence

is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, for and

in respect of every Gallon of Rum or Spirits over Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which,

on the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any such

Warehouse, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand

(even hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption (except such

Rum or Spirits as in the said Aift is or are in that Behalf excepted); and that the further Duty of ten Pence,

mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken

to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every Gallon of Single Spirits or Aqua Fites

(other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) which was imported into Great Britain, and son

which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one*

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Gallon of the like Single Spirits or

Aqua Fites, which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,-

hath been, or after the patting of this Act shall be, imported into Great Britain j and that the further Duty;

of one Shilling and eight Pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be,

and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every.

Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Fites (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) above Proof,

which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or

determined by f jre the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, as for and

in respect of every Gallon of the like Spirits or Aqua Fitts, which, since the said twenty-third Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath b«en, or after the patting of this Act shall be,

imported into Great Britain•

IV. 4 And whereas by another A& made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant-

4 rng to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Siveets, it was enacted, that there

4 should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use oHiis Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-

1 fors, for and in respeit of the several Matters and Things therein-after mentioned, over and above all

4 Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of

4 Excise therein-after mentioned : And whereas Doubts may also arise respecting the true Construction of

4 t :e said last mentioned AdtNow, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, and to declare the true Intent

and Meaning of the said last mentioned Adf, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, the further Duty~of thirty Pounds, mentioned in

the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to

have been imposed, as well for and in respe& of every Tun of French Wine, which was imported into

Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-

taird Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every Tun of

the like Wine which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, hath been, or after the patting of this A& shall be, imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion

for any greater or less Quantity of any such Wine ; and that the further Duty of twenty Pounds, mentioned

in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be

and to have been imposed, as well for and in respe& of every Tun of Portugal and Afaderia Wine, and

W inc of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other

Sous, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon were net paid

nn or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand leven hundred and ninety-five, as for and

l:* reflect of every 'fun of the like Wine which, since the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand

D d 2 seven

203

those imported

since that Day;

and the addi-

tional Duties of

8 d. and t s. 44.

per Gallon rt-

spectively im-

posed on im-

ported Spirits

in Warehouses,

to extend to all

so warehoused

on Feb. 23,

1795, and de.

livered after

that Day for

Home Con-

fumption.

I

Additional Du-

ties unposed by ,

recited Act, of

tod. and is. 8d.

respectively, on

Spirits, other

than Brandy,

See. to extend

as well to those

imported, and

for which Doty

was not paid,

on or bciore

Feb. 23, 1795,

as to those im-

ported lincc that

Day.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 10, recited.

W

I

Additional Du-

ties of 301. and

201. per Tun'

respectively im-

posed by recited

Act on French

and oilier

Wines, to ex-

tend as well to

«

those imported,

and for which

Dufy was not

paid, on or be-

fore Feb. 23,

1795, as to

those imported

finer that Day;

