C. 94. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

to his Office, into Effect; and such Remittance Bills, being written or printed, {hall be according to the

Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effe£h ' '!

Form of Remit-

tance Bills*

w

i.

4

4

4

4 No. I.

4 Sir,

4 Pay to N. O. of

Day of

on

his

her

their j

> producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

r Lieutenant of his Majesty’s Navy on Half Pay,

on the

Day of last, if me fame be demanded within six Calendar

Months from the Date hereof, other wise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at the

Pay Office of the Navy. _ ^ , t v,

3 4 (Attested) P. j5>. Commissioner of the Navy*

4 R, 6’. Treasurer’s Clerk

4 To the Receiver General of the Land Tax

4 for the County of

x The Collector of the Customs at the Port

4 of

■* The Collector of the Excise at

The Clerk of the Cheque at

By virtue of the ACt 35th Geo* 3d.’

4 N. B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the fame, in

4 order to receive any Part of the Monies hereby payable, is made Felony without Benefit

4 of Clergy, by the ACt 35th George the Third.

One.Remittance

Bill to be trans-

mitted to the

Person to

whom payable,

and the Dupli-

cate to the Per-

son to whom

.add re fled;

and on Produc-

tien of the Bill

by the Person

to whom made

payable, within

lix Months from

the Date, the

fame to be paid

without Fee,

and repaid by

the Treasurer

of the Navy,;

but if not pro-

duced within

that Period, the

Duplicate to be

returned to the

Treasurer of the

Navy, Sec.

If Persons to

whom Dupli-

cates are ad-

dressed have not

Money in Hand,

they shall ap-

point a Day for

Payment within

a Month, &c.

Penalty for wil-

fully delaying

Payment, or lor

iaking Fees.

And as soon as the said Bills are so made out, signed, and attested, the Person to be appointed by the Trea-

surer of the Navy {hall cut, or cause them to be cut, asunder through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or

Devices, and shall cause one Duplicate to be transmitted to the Person named therein, to whom the Money*

shall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the Land Tax,

Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the fame shall be

addressed, and if the Duplicate of such Bill shall be produced by the Person to whom the fame shall be

made payable to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Ex-

cife, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the fame shall be addressed, within six Calendar Months from the

Date thereof, he shall carefully examine the fame with the Duplicate already transmitted to him as afore-

said; and being satisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Person producing the fame to

him, he shall immediately pay the fame to such Commissioned or Warrant Naval Officer, Widow, or other

Person or Persons named therein, to whom the Money shall be payable, without Fee or Reward, or De-

duction, cn any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for such Payment on the Back of the Bill; which

Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being transmitted by the Person who shall pay the fame to the Commis-

sioners of the Navy, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by any three of them, and shall be immedi-

ately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the

Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Cferk of the Cheque, or his Order; but in case the Duplicate of such

Bill shall not be so produced, and Payment thereof demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date there-

of, then the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or

Clerk of the Cheque, shall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the Treasurer of the Navy at the

Pay Office of the Navy, London, who dial I cause the fame to be cancelled, and thereupon the Sum con-

tained in such Bill shall become payable to the Person or Pei Ions in whose Favour the fame was drawn, or

to his, her, or their lawful Repreientatives,' in Cafes where he, she, or they shall be dead, in the lame

Manner as if such Bill had never been issued.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Receiver General of the Land Tax,

Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of the

Bill herein* before dirfcCted to be made out and addressed to him as aforesaid, shall be tendered for Pay-

ment, shall not have in his Hands public Monies sufficient to answer the fame, and shall for that Reason re-

fuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the

Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on the said Dupli-

cate the Date of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the fame, and

shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day within the Space of one Month at the

fartheu from the Date of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such Duplicate, with the In-

dorfement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Person presenting the fame; and if upon Com-

plaint made to the respective Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, to manage the said several Duties

of the^Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, if the Person complained of

be a Clerk of the Cheque, it shall appear that such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the

Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed

the Payment t>f such Bill, or directly or indirectly, by himself, or any Person under him, received or taken

' J. k - ' 9 any

