*93

A.D. 1795. Anno Cricefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 114.

ail other Persons to whom fuel) Warrant was originally directed, to execute such Warrant of Distress, and

to proceed in such Manner as if such Goods had been found and seized within the Jurisdiction of trie Justice

or Justices who signed the original Warrant.

XII- And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the

Judgment ofany Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom he or she.{hall have been conviiteJ of the

Offences aforesaid, any and every such Person may appeal (and the said Justice or Justices are required to

make known to such Person at the Time of such Conviction his or her Right to appeal) from and against

such Conviction to the next General Quarter Sessions of the l*e2ce to beholden for such County, Riding,

City, Division, Liberty, or Place, unlcls such Seffinns ft)all be holden within fix Days next after such Con-

viction shall be made, and in such Cafe to the next subsequent Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, and not af-

terwards, such Person at the Time of such Conviction giving to fuen Justice or Justices Notice in Wricing

of his or her Intention to appeal, and also giving Security, to the ‘Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices,

for the Payment of the Penalty, Costs, and Expences, aforesaid, in case such Judgment shall be confirmed

on such Appeal, and also further entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Notice, with fufllcient

Sureties conditioned to try the Appeal, and to abide the judgment, and nay such Costs as shall be awarded

by the Justices assembled at such SelJions; and the Justices so assembled shall thereupon proceed to hear and

determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and their Judgment thereon shall be final and conclusive to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case the Justices of the Peace so assembled at such Section shall find

and adjudge any such Appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, it dial) and may be lawful to and for them to give

and adjudge to the Party or Parties grieved by such Appeal, his, her, or their reasonable Colts andChajges

occa/icned thereby, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five Pounds on any one Appeal.

XIII. And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect expressed and set Forth in an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

regulating the Manner of licenfng Alehavfes in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the more

cafy convicting Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licerfe> mutatis mutandis, as the Cafe shall

happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the Cafe,

or the Fafts or Evidence, in any more particular Manner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices

before whom any Person shall be convicted ofany Offence against this Act, that such Person hath not been

before convicted of any Offence against this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to mitigate

and lessen the Penalty hereby impoled, in calc of such first Offence, but not otherwise, (oas that the Penalty

(o mitigated and lessened shall not be less than ten Pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in

which any Offence shall be committed contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwith-

standing his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XVL Provided always, and it is enacted, That all Penalties within this Act shall be sued for and deter-

mined within six Months after the Offences shall be committed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling of any Ale or Beer in Booths or other

Places, at the Time and Place of holding any lawful and accustomed Fair, in like Manner as such Person or

Persons was or were authorized to do before the passing of this Act, by virtue of any Law or Statute in that

Behalf.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass.—[26th June 1795.]

€ /PEREAS the Regulations by Law' established for securing the Duties imposed for or in respect of

1 the Materials or Metal made use of in the making of Glass, made in Great Britain, have been

found irifufHcient toanswer the good Purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make fur-

1 ner Regulations for the better Collection of the said Duties:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mon-, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, all and every Maker and Makers of Glass,

bT re he, she, or they shall begin to make any Glass, or to mix or prepare any Materials for the making

of Glass, shall, in pursuance of this Act, make true and particular Entry in Writing of all Workhouses,

Furnaces, Pots, Pot Chambers, Annealing Arches, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places, by him, her,

or them respectively intended to be made use of for the making or keeping of Glass, or for the making or

keeping of any Pot or Pots for the making of Glass, or for the keeping of Materials mixed and prepared

for the making of Glass, at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective

Wurkhoules, Furnaces, Pots, Pot Chambers, Annealing Arches, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places

THpeclively, shall be situate, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every Workhouse

Furnace, Pot, Pot Chamber, Annealing Arch, Warehouse, Room, or other Place, which he, she, or they

shall make use of for die making or keeping of Glass, or for the making or keeping of any Pot or Pots for

tnc making of Glass, or for the keeping of any Materials mixed or prepared for die making of Glass, with-

out having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid.

35 Geo. III. ' II. And

Appeal miy be

marie to the

C^aiterSessions

within a Certain

Time, and on

certain Condi-

tiens.

Sessions finally

to determine

Appials, and

may adjudge

Coils.

Convictions in

the Form set

forth by 26

Geo. II. Cap.

31, to be good.

Justices may

mitigate Pe-

nalties.

Inhabitants may

be Witnesses.

Penalties to be

determined in

six Months.

Act not to pro-

hibit selling Ale

or Beer at Fairs.

Makers of Glass,

before beginning

to make it, or

to mix Mate-

rials, to make

Entry of Work-

houses, Furna-

ces, &c. on

Penalty of soul. "

