A.D. 1797- Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 90.

out Letters,of Administration of such Personal Estate, within six Calendar Months after the Death of the

Person so dying, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to he recovered ip his Majesty’s Court of

Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, or in his Majesty’s Cnurt of Exchequer in

Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no

Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed*; and that one Moiety of

such Penalty or Forfeiture shall, if sued fot within the Space of six Calendar Months, be to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Pci Tons who shall inform or sue for the

fame. I *5^

XL And be it further enacted, That for and in'respect of each and every Copyhold Tenement of the

Value of twenty Shillings per Annum, or upwards, mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance, or Copy of

Court Roll, of any Honour or Manor, and each and every Cudmn-Right or Temnt-Right Tenement, not

being Copyhold, (of the Value before mentioned,) mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance, or Instrument

of Admittance, whereupon a several Fine shall be due or payable to the Lord or Lady of any Honour or

Manor, or a several Fee shall be demanded or received by any Steward, or Deputy Steward, of such Honour

or Manor, a distinc! and several Stamp Duty shall be charg 'd according to the Amount of all the Duties

imposed thereoicby this A&, and any former Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of

this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Steward or other Officer of any Copt hold Court, or cf any

Customary or Tenant-Right Court, not being Copyhold, shall demand, take, or receive, from any Person

whatever, any Fine or Fee for any Surrender or Admittance of or to any Copyhold Tenement, or for any

Grant or Lease by Copy of any Court Roll, or for any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or

Manor, or for any Surrender or Admittance, or Instrument of Admittance, to any Curtom-Right or Tenant-

Right T enemem, not being Copyhold, without at the fame Time demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty

in respect of each several and distnidt Tenement as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe every such Steward

or other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ol twenty Pounds; and the Duties

which shall be due and payable thereon, whether the fame shall have been so received by the Steward or

other Officer as aforesaid, or not, shall be a Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbts, of the Steward

or Officer who shall or ought to have received the fame; and if the fame shall not be received by such

Steward or otr.er Officer, then the said Duties shall also be a Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs anil Successors,

of the Person or Persons to whom any Ellate as aforesaid shall pass by force of any Surrender, Admittance,

or Copy, or Instrument of Admittance, which shall not he so stamped a* aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Steward or other Officer of any Honour or Manor shall

receive the Duties payable on any such Surrender, Admittance, Indrument of Admittance, or Copy as

aforesaid, and shall neglect to purchase the proper Stamps for the fame, and to pay the Stamp Duty so

received to the Officer appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties for such Purpose,

for the Space of three Calendar Months after he shall so have received the fame, every such Steward or

other Officer aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and Double the

Duty which shall not be so paid by him within the Time aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons who shall, on the said fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parch-

ment, or Paper, stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, used to denote any of

the Duties now payable by Law on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by virtue of any A cl or Acts in

force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and upon which Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any

Duty is hereby imposed in Addition to the Duty now payable, at any Time within the Space of sixty Days

for Persons redding in England, and of lour Calendar Months for Persons residing in Scotland, to be com-

puted from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to bring or

(end such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to the said Commissioners, at their said Head Office, who, or their

Officers under them, are hereby authorized and required, on Payment of the respective Duties by this Act

imposed, to the Receiver General of the said Duties, or to some Person or Persons to be authorized by him

for such Purpose, to cause such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be duly stamped and marked with the pro-

per Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, to denote the Payment of the respective Duties hereby impoied;

or at the Ele£lion of the Person or Persons bringing such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to cause the fame to

be cancelled, and other Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be stamped with the proper Stamps of the like

Value with the Amount of the Stamps so cancelled, and of the Duties so paid, without demanding or hiking

directly or indirectly any Sum of Money or Consideration whatever (other than the Duty hereby imposedJ

for the lame; and all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper stamped or marked by virtue of any Act or Acts now

in force as aforesaid, on which any Matter or Thing shall be engrossed, printed, or written, after the said fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, which shall not be brought within the respective'

'Times aforesaid to the said Head Office, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, of no other EffeCl or Use than

if the fame had not been so stamped ; and the Matters and Things which shall, after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed* printed, or written thereon, shall be of no other

Effcd than if the fame Matters and 'Things had been engroffij, printed, of written on undamped Veilum,

Parchment* or Paper,. ‘ , i '

MJL', XV* And

575

without proving

the W.ll, or tak-

ing out Letters

of Adminiflra-

tien within fix

Months alter

the Death of the

Party, to forfeit

50L 1

For every Copy-

hold Tenement

of 20 s. per Ann.,

mentioned in

any Sui render,

&c. for which a

several Fine shall

be due, a dif-

tindl Stamp

Duty shall be

charged.

If any Officer of

a Copyhold

Court, See.

fit.til receive a

Fine for any

Surrender, &c.

without de-

manding the

Duty for each

diitindl Tene-

ment,- he shall

forfeit 201. Scc.

If anOfficcrofa

Manor shall re-

ceive the Du-

ties, and neglect

to pay them far

three Months,

he shall forfeit

5J. and Double

the Duty.

Persons having,

on July 5, 1797,

Parchment, Scc.

rtampt with the

old Duties, may,

within a limited

Time, have it

fhmpt with the

proper Stamp,

or exchanged 5

but if net so

brought, Infiro*

ments written

thereon to be of

no Effect.

[Sitfo/l, c. 136.3

