A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.' C. 76—79. 565

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas

oj the’Manufactuie of Great Britain, for a limited Time.— [6th June 1797 ]

4 II WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and fe-

4 veral subsequent Acts, a Reward or Recompence is allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain, by

Way of Merchandize, of Sail Cloth or Canvas, fit for or made into Sails: And whereas the Legislature of

Ireland have excepted from the Bounty on Sail Cloth and Canvas of the Manufacture of that Country,

4 such Articles, when exported to Great Britain or the Isle of Man: And whereas it may be expedient that

the Reward or Recompence granted on the Exportation of Sail Cloth or Canvas from Great Britain

4 should not be allowed when such Articles are exported to Ireland:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo!al, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, no Reward or Recbmpence what-

ever shall be allowed or paid by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, on

the Exportation from Great Britain to the Kingdom of Ireland, of any Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manu-

facture of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.

lltqi2 " CAP. ‘LXXVII.

4 _ ____

An Act for making the Port of San Jaftf, in the I (land of Trinidad, a Free Port.

[6th 1797-]

12 Anna, Stat.

1. c. 16. recited.

No Bounty t#

be allowed on

the Exportation-

of Britdh Sail f

Cloth or Can-

vas to Ireland.

Continuance of

A&—25 March

1798.

27 Geo. 3. c.*7#

3oCeo. 3. c-ao.

31 Geo. 3. c.3^,

32 Geo 3-0.37.

and 33 Geo. 3.

c. 50. recited.

WHEREAS by several Acts, made in the twenty-seventh, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty.second, and

thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided, that Wool, Cotton Wool,

9 Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Tobacco, Logwood, Fuftic, and all Sorts of Wood for"

4 Dyers Use; Hides, Skins, and Fallow; Beaver, ahd all Sorts of Furs; Tortoise Shell, Hardwood, or

4 Mill Timber; Mahogany and all other Goods for Cabinet Ware; Horses, Actes, Mules, and Cattle, be-

4 ing the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America belonging to or under the

4 Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State; and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious

4 Stones, may be imported from any of the Taid Colonies or Plantations, into the several Ports of King/lon,

4 Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio, in the Bland of Jamaica; the Port of Saint

4 George in the Island of Grenada; the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica; the Port of Nafjau in the

4 Bland of New Providence, one of the Bahama 1 (lands; and the Port of Saint John't in the Hhnd of An-

4 tigua, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and

4 owned and navigated in the Manner therein prescribed, and, together with other joods and Commodities

4 mentioned in the said Acts, may be exported from thence, under certain Regulations and Rest rift ions:

4 And whereas it is expedient to permit the Goods and Commodities hereinbefore enumerated to be in like

4 Manner imported into the Port of San Joss in the Island of Trinidad,pod, together with such other Goods

and Commodities, to be in like iVIanner exported from thence :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

passing of this Act, all the Goods and Commodities hereinbefore enumerated and described, thall and may

be imported into the Port of San Joftf'in the Island of Trinidad, in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and,

together with such other Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts, or any of them, be exported

from thence to such Part of his Majesty’s Dominions to which the Exportation of the fame is permitted

by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties

and Forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the Manner in the said Acts, or any of them, mentioned and

contained.. J

HR* CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation and Encouragement of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into

and out of the Port of Liverpool,—[6th June 1797.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his ,

late Majesty King George the Second*, intituled, An Afl more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the . # Cap. 98.

Parish o/Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ere*7 a Workhovfefor the employ-

ing and maintaining the Poor of the said Farish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the

Poor

Certain Goods

described in the

recited Acts

may be import-

into, and ex-

ported from, the

Fort of San Jofcf

in Trinidad.

6 Geo, 3.'*

. 61. r efrtultd, J

