F A w - jjw ^ ^ w _ w -f ,

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgit III. C. 142, 143. 677

Native Prince, nor shall any British Subject be concerned either by himself or by any other Person, either in Council;

direClly or indirectly, in raising or procuring any Money for any such Native Prince, or as berng Security for ^Lp?rft,n

such Loan or Money, nor shall any British Subject lend any Money or other valuable Thing to any other be protected

Person for the Purpose of being lent to any such Native Prince, nor shall any Britiftb Subject, by himself or for a Mtfde-

by any other Person, either direClly or indirectly, for his Use and Benefit, take, receive, hold, enjoy, or be meaner,

concerned in any Bond, Note, or other Security or Alignment, granted or to be granted by any such Native

Prince, after the first Day of December next, for the Loan, or for the Re-payment of Money, or other va-

luable .'Thing, without the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or

theConfent and Approbation of the Governor in Council of one of the said Company's Governments in /

India,‘firft had and obtained in Writing ; and every Person doing, aCting, or transaCting, or being concerned

in any ACtings, Doings, and Transactions, contrary to this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a

Misdemeanor at Law, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished as such, by virtue of this ACt,

before any Court of competent Jurisdiction; and all Bonds, Notes, Alignments, or Securities for Money, Security for

of what Kind or Nature soever, taken, held, or enjoyed, either direClly or indirectly, for the Use and Benefit Money lent con-

of any British Subject, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning cf this A&, Hull be, and the fame are hereby, to' to

declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpbfes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Information shall be given, or Com- On Complaint

plaint made, to any of the Governments of the said United Company in the East Indies, of any Person hrav- to the Govern-

ing aCled contrary to the Provisions of this Act, such Governments shall forthwith lay the Cafe before the ments In India

Company's Law Officers at the Settlement where it arises, who shall take the fame into their Consideration, for af*inS f°n-

and report their Opinion thereupon, whether the fame is a proper Cafe for Prosecution, (together with their Incite

Reasons for the fame,);which Report shall be transmitted Home to the Court of Directors by the first con- to be laid before

Venient Opportunity. the Law Officers, whose Report shall be transmitted to the Court of Directors.

XXX. 4 And whereas the Provision made by the Charter of Justice of his late Majesty, for the Establish- Jurisdictions of

ment of a Court of Requests in and for the Towns of Madras Painain, Bombay, and Calcutta, for the Re- !i‘c Co!Jrts

4 covery of Debts, Duties, and Demands therein, not exceeding the Value of five Pagodas, in Manner Madras 5Bom-

theiein directed, hath been found beneficial and convenient: And whereas an Extension of Jurisdiction of bay, andCal-

4 the said Courts for the Recovery of Debts, Duties, and Demands, to a larger^Amount in Value is found cutta, extended

4 to be useful be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Jurisdiction of the said Courts of to 2o Rupees.

Requests at and for the said Towns of Madras Patnom, Bombay, and Calcutta, respectively, shall be and the

fame is extended to the Recovery of all or any Manner of Debts, Duties, and Demands, not exceeding in

Value the Sum of eighty Current Rupees respectively ;.and for that Purpose that the Commissioners of the

said Courts of Requests, and their Successors, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all

ACtions, Plaints, and Suits, which have grown, or shall be brought before them, in their said respective 1

Courts, where the Debt, Duty, or Matter in Dispute, shall not exceed the said Value of eighty Current Rupees,.

and to award Execution thereupon for the Debt or Sum adjudged to be due, in the lame Manner as they.

now do for Debts and Demands under the Sum of five Pagodas.

cap. cxliil

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An AEf for the mere effectual Prevention of the Use of defective

Weights, and of false and unequal Balances—[20th July 1797.]

1 T WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 V V An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective JVlights, and of false and unequal

4 Balances, it was (among other Things) enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the Justices, at

4 every Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, in England or Wales,

4 to appoint certain Persons to examine the Weights and Balances within their respective Distri&s, and that

4 the Persons so appointed should, once in every Month at the least,examine such Weights and Balances;

4 and the Persons in whose Poilession any false Weights or Balances should be found, were subjected to a

4 Penalty, not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be paid to the Treasurer of the

4 County, Riding, or Division, and be applied by him for the Purposes therein particularly described: And

4 whereas the said ACt might be more conveniently executed, if some of the Powers thereof were veiled ia

4 the Justices of the Peace at their several and respective Petty Sessions; and it is expedient that certain

4 other Alterations should be made in the said ACtMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the tenth Day cf July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, so

much of the said recited Act as requires the Justices, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to appoint Persons

to examine the Weights and Balances within their respective Counties, Ridings, Liberties, and Divisions, and

which authorises the Persons so appointed tosearch for and examine all Weights and Balances, and to seize

and destroy false or unequal Weights or Balances, and imposes a Penalty on the Persons in whose Possession

the fame shall be found, shall be and is hereby repealed ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Justices of the Peace, at their respective Petty Sessions, within the Divisions, DistriCls, and other Places of

the

35 Geo. 3*

Q. ioz. recited.

So much of re-

cited Act as rc«

quires the Juf-

tices at Quarter

Sessions to ap-

point Persons

to examine

Weights, &c.

