A.D. 1798.

ving Annoying tricesimo o£avo Georgii III.

C. 44*

759

the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices a$ing for the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, Hull proceed to

ballot for another Person to serve for the District, Parish, or Divifirm, for which such Deserter ought to

have fcTved as aforesaid, in the same Manner as herein-before directed for the original Ballot for Men to be

embodied and called out as aforesaid ; and in case such Deserter shall be afterwards taken, such Deserter

shall never theless be compelled to serve, in the same Manner as he would have served if he had appeared at

the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose.

taken wichm

two Months,

unless the Dif-

tritfl for which

he ought to serve

thall, within a

Month after No-

tice, procure a fit Person in his Stead, a frefti Ballot to be had. Such Dtfcrters, if taken, also to be comptlled to serve.

V. And be it further enacted. That in case it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants

assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Militia Man so embodied as aforesaid is dead, or that any

such Militia Man is unfit for Service, and such Militia Man shall therefore be discharged, such Deputy

Lieutenants shall forthwith cause another Person to be chosen by Ballot to be embodied and called out

in the Stead of the Militia Man so dead or discharged, and from the Didrift, Parish, or Division, which

furnished the Man or Men so deceased or discharged; and such Person shall serve accordingly by himself

or his sufficient Substitute, in the same Manner as if he had been originally chosen by Ballot to be embodied

and called out in pursuance of this Act. >

VI. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to cause the Number of Men to

be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to be formed into such Regiments or Bat-

talions, to consist of such Companies, and of such Number of Men in each Company, and to fix the

Number and Rank of Officers in such Regiment or Battalion, and also such Number of Serjeants in each

Company, as his Majesty shall think expedient; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary

notwithstanding. ‘, , '

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Proceedings which may have been had and done at any Ge-

neral Meeting of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, within fourteen

Days after the Receipt of his Majesty’s Order in Council, shall be valid and effectual, and also all Pro-

ceedings which shall be held and done at any General Meeting of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants,

or any three or more of them, which may be summoned by the Lieutenant, or failing of him, any three

or more Deputy Lieutenants, subsequent to the said fourteen Days, and before the twenty-second Day of

May, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the fame had been done, and the fame Proceedings had,

within the said fourteen Days.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-recited Act as authorizes the Captains

of Companies to appoint Drummers, Corporals, and Non-commissioned Officers, to the said Militia, shall

be and is hereby repealed ; and that the Colonel or Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion

of Militia, may and shall appoint two Persons to be Drummers to each Company, and may and shall ap-

point Corporals in the Proportion of one to twenty Men, and may displace such Drummers and Corporals

respectively for Misbehaviour, and appoint others in their Room, from Time to Time, as he shall fee

Occasion, and may and shall appoint the Serjeants in the Regiment or Battalion under his Command, and

also fill up such Vacancies of Serjeants as may happen therein ; and it shall be lawful for the1 said Colonel

or Commanding Officer as aforesaid, to displace any Person so appointed a Serjeant, and to dismiss, or

cause such Person so displaced to be reduced to the Rank of a private Militia Man; and the Colonel or

Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, may appoint a Serjeant Major and a

Drum Major; and that all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received Pay as such from any

Regiment or Battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in such Regiment or

Battalion until they be legally discharged.

IX. Provided always. That no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertainment, or who

shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of

being appointed^ or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia.

Deputy Lieute-

nants to cause

other Persons t«

be chosen by

Ballot, in the

Stead of Men

dead or dif-

charged.

His Majesty may

order the Men

embodied to be

formed, and

officered, as he

ffi ill think pro-

per.

Proceedings of

General Meet-

ings within 14

Days after Re-

ceipt of his Ma—

j«ft) ’$ Order in

Council, to be

valid, &c.

§ 45- of 37 Geo*

3. c. 103. autho-

rizing the Cap-

tains to appoint'

Drummers, Sec.

repealed*; the

Colonel or Com-

manding Officer

to appoint them,

and also Ser-

jeants, Sec.

No Victualler th

be a Serjeant,

Corporal, or

Drummer.

