A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto CJeorgii III.

C. e

11

remain in the Hands of such Treasurer at the Midsummer SefTl^rtr* in the present Year, cause to be trans- tics to tfcc life

mittied an Account thereof to the Curnrnifiioneri of his Majesty's Treasury. . ct

^ , m v. . « • J * ‘ * and may order

Rewards to Per.ons providing them. Residue of Fines to be applied by the Quarf.r Sessions to provide Men for the Navy ; and if any remain in

the Treasurer’s Hands at the Midsummer Sessions 1795, an Account to be transmitted to the Treasury.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat every such Certificate so granted, or a

full and true Copy thereof, signed by such Regulating Officer or Officers, shall in all Cafes where any

such Person inrolled by virtue of this Act shall be placed under the Command of any other Officer or

Officers, either on Shore, or on board any Ship or Vefiel, be transmitted along with such Person so inrolled,

and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel on board which such Person shall be en-

tered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person

being mustered and rated on board such Ship, and before such Shin or Vessel of War shall proceed to Sea,

make out a Ticket or Tickets for the Payment of the Bounty money agreed to be paid to such Person on

his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which mall be expressed in the Certificate granted on

that Behalf, or in such Copy thereof as aforesaid, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money had become

due to such Person on Account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board such Ship or Vessel; and such

Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to such Person’s Family, and in such Proportions

as such Person shall request, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his late

% 4 • n IT* __________ . I_ O 1 • • . 1 J /f yf -% r * .7 77 . r n . » j • 1 n 1

rge t

f blish,

f Ab

of such Wages: Provided always, that where such Person shall deli re any Portion of the said Bounty

Money then remaining due to be paid to his Family, the Lift required to be made out in such Cafe by

the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, shall be made out in the Manner required by the said

Act of the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such Lift the Treasurer of the

County, Riding, or Division, who shall have received such Bounty Money for the Use of such Person

so entered in the Service of his Majesty, shall be specihcd, instead of the Receiver General of the Land

Tax, the Collector of the Customs or Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or other Officer, directed by the

said Act to pay any Part of the Arrears of Wages due to Seamen in the Navy; and that the Bills to be

made out thereupon shall be made out by such Captain and Commander, and directed to such Treasurer,

and not to such Receiver General, Collector, Clerk, or other Officer; and that all the Rules, Forms,

Directions, and Methods, used for the Payment of Wages due to Seamen, or payable to their Families,

in pursuance of the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, or by any such other Act of Parliament,

(except as aforesaid,) shall be used in like Manner for the Payment of such Bounty Money to all and

every the Men who shall be entered into his Majesty’s Service in pursuance of this Act, or to their rc-

spective Families, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Acts, and every Clause therein contained,

had been extended and applied particularly by this Act to such Cafes.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, J hat it shall be lawful for the Justices of the

Peace, adembled either at the General or Quarter Sessions, or for the Justices at their Petty Sessions within

their rtfpediive Jurisdictions, or any two or more of them respectively, from Time to Time to ifliic their

Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the High Constable, Con-

stable. Tithing Man, Headborough, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, of or acting for any Pa-

rish. Tithing, or Place, Parishes, Tithings, or Places, at such 'Time and Place as in such Order or War-

rant shall be expressed ; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or

Warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Return of all such Matters and Things directed to be done

by them respectively in pursuance of this Act, as shall be required of them by the said Justices respectively, or

to comply with such Orders and Directions as he or they respectively shall from l ime to Time receive from

the said justices, or any two or more of them respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or dial], in making

such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect, in his or their Duty, the said Juf-

tices, or any two or more of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required at their Discretion to

fine such Person or Persons in any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; or in

case of any Fraud, wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect as aforesaid, to commit the Person so offending to the

Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one CalcnJar Month.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace of every Coun-

ty, Riding, or Division, shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Day of Midsummer in the present Year, to transmit

to the Commiinoners of the Admiralty a Copy, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Return and

Certificate of Men raised to serve in the Navy by virtue of this Act; and where such Return or Certificate

Dull be omitted to be made, such Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission in like Manner, and also

what Proceedings shall have been had at any Quarter Sessions in relation to the raising Substitutes, where the

due Proportion ofMcn shall not have been raised by the respective Parishes, Tithing?, and Places, charged

therewith ; and if any such Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, re-

cord, or transmit, any such Returns or Extradls as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Mean-

ing of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

lie Sum of five hundred Pounds.

T&T Cz XXIII. Pro.

Certificates, cr

Copies, to be

transmitted

with the Per-

fons inrolled,

and delivered to

the Command-

ing Officers of

the Vtflels in

which they fti ill

he entered, who

shall make out

Tickets for

Payment of

Bounty Monty

due, as for Ar-

rears of Wages,

which may be

paid agreeably

to 31 Geo. II.

Cap. io, See.

How Lifts and

Bdls iliail be

made out by

Captains,

where Persons

delirc to havr

Part of their

Bounty paid to

their Families.

Rules for Pay-

ment of Wages

to be used for

Payment of

Bounty.

Justices may re-

quire the At-

tendance of

Const ibles and

Parish Officers.

Penalty on

them for Ne-

gleet of Duty.

Clerk of the

Peace, within

14 Days after

the Midfumnit]

Scflior.:. 1795,

to transmit to

the Admiralty

Copy of Re-

turrs, Arc.

on Penalty c.

500!*

