A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 89.

887

me proper,vuivci ui j.ALuta.vuuiiL^ uuuci me uauu ui iuui uuicr vyinicr ur lauic a!) uia.i ue

ized or employed to give and grant the fame, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt, and Rc

mentioned in such Bond or Security, had been duly shipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel i

Work from whence the Salt, or Rock Salt, was so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with

the proper Officer of Excise a.Certificate under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be author-

Rock Salt,

in which;

the fame was intended to be exported, under, subject, and according to the Rules and Regulations herein-

after in that Behalf prescribed: Provided always. T hat such Certificate shall be produced"to and left with

such proper Officer of Excise within two Months next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been so

delivered out of the Warehouse or Scoiehouse, or Wat ehouses or Storehouses, belonging to such Maker or

Makers, Reliner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if on the Arrival at Liverpool or Bristol of any

Salt, (Rock Salt excepted,) delivered for the Purpose of being shipped for Exportation from thence, the

Ship or Vefiel in which the fame was intended to be exported shall have failed from thence, or if for Want of

Stowage or other Cause such Salt cannot be received or taken on board such Ship or Vessel, then and in such

Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of such Salt,

upon due Notice in Writing given to the proper Officer of Excise within twelve Hours after the Arrival of

such Salt, and upon a due Oblcrvance of Conformity to, and Compliance with the Rules, Regulations, Re-

ftii£tions, and Provihons provided and established lor and in respect of the warehousing of Salt in any en-

tered Export Warehouse at the P orts of Liverpool and Bristol, to deliver the Whole of such Salt, if the Whole

cannot be received or taken on board such Snip or Vessel as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as cannot be re-

ceived or taken on board such Ship or Veiled, into any. such entered Export Warehouse; whereupon and in

every such Cafe the proper Officer of Excise, upon being satisfied that the Whole of such Salt, or such Part

thereof as hath not been duly shipped and exported to Parts'beyond the Seas, has been duly delivered and fe-

cured in such Export Warehouse, is hereby authorized and required to grant a Certificate, testifying what

Quantity of such Salt has been so fhipned for Exportation, and what Quantity thereof hath been delivered

and secured in such Export Warehouse as aforesaid; and if the whole Quantity of Salt specified in such

Certificate shall correspond and agree with the Quantity specifi d in the Bond given on the first Delivery of

such Salt from the Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft belonging to the Salt Work where such Salt was made,

and if such Certificate shall be produced to and left with the proper Officer of Excise within the Time limited

in such Bond or Security for the Production of the Certificate mentioned in the Condition of such Bond or

Security, then and in such Cafe such Bond or Security so given as aforesaid shall be cancelled and discharg-

cd *, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, /'hat when and so often as any Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or

Proprietors of any such Export Warehouse as aforesaid, provided and entered for the Purpose of laying,

storing, and keeping Salt therein at the Port of Liverpool or Bri/lol, for Exportation as aforesaid, shall have

Occasion to deliver any Salt from or out of such his, her, or their Warehouse, he, she, or they shall give

previous Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Warehouse shall then

be, by the Space of fix Hours, of his, her, or their Intention so to deliver such Salt as aforesaid, and shall

specify in such Notice the Day and Hour of the Day when he, she, or they intends or intend to weigh and

deliver such Salt, and the Quantity thereof which he, she, or they so intends or intend to deliver for Ex-

ortation, and the Name of the Snip or Vessel in which the fame is intended to be exported, and of the

after thereof, and to what Place such Salt is intended to be exported.

LX VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of Excise

of the Divifionin which any such Export Warehouse, provided and entered for the Purpose of laying, storing,

and keeping Salt for Exportation, at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol, shall be situate, once in every Year,

that is to say, in the Month of June in every Year, to weigh anJ take a particular Account of all the Salt re-

maining in any such Warehouse as aforesaid; and if upon weighing and taking such Account it shall appear

that the whole Quantity of Salt duly delivered out of such Warehouse, since the Day on which the fame was

first entered at the Excise Office, or since the last preceding Time of taking such particular Account as

aforesaid, added to the Quantity of Salt then remaining in such Warehouse, shall fall short or be deficient of

the Quantity of Salt actually delivered into or deposited in such Warehou:e, since the Day on which such

Warehouse was first entered as aforesaid, or since the last preceding Time of taking such particular Ac-

count as aforesaid,. added to the Quantity of Salt which was taken and established as the Stock of Salt in

such Warehouse at such last preceding Time of taking such particular Account as aforesaid, then and in

every such Cafe the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Warehouse shall, for such Deficiency, forfeit and

lose at and after the Rate of twelve Shillings for every BtifheJ of Salt lo deficient, one-sixth Part of which

{hall be to the Officer or Officers who shall discover such Deficiency, and the other five Parts to and for the

Use of his Majesty; but if instead of a Deficiency there shall appear to be an Increase or Surplus of Salt

upon so taking such particular Account of, and balancing the Stock of Salt in any such Export Warehouse as

aforesaid, then and in such Cafe such Increase or Surplus shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the depend-

ing Stock of Salt in such Export Warehouse, and shall be carried forward, accounted for, and tstablished as

Part of the Stock of Salt of such Export Warehouse at the next subsequent Time of weighing and

taking the particular Account, and balancing of the Stock of Salt in such Export Warehouse as

aforesaid. h ? .?

, LXVUI. And

If cn the Ar-

rival at Liver-

pool or EriAol

of Salt delivered

for Expo: talien

from tncncc, it

cannot be taken

on bovcl, the

Proprietor,

upon Notice to

the Lxcise Of-

ficer, &c. may

deliver it into

an Export

Waiehouse, and,

on Certificate

from the Of-

ficer, the Bond

shall be cancel-

led.

Previous Notice

to be given

the Officer of

Intention to de-

liver Salt from

Export Ware-,

l.oufes, specily-

ing certain

Particulars.

Hi

In June ycaily

the Officer to

take anAccour.t

of Sait in Ex-

port Ware-

houses, and the

Proprietor to

forfeit ii*. for

every Bushtl

defic.er.t, One-

fixch to the

Officer, and the

Remainder to

lat Majesty.

Increase of Suit,

on taking fu« h.

Account, to be.

W 0

deemed Part of

the dependifg

Stock.

