nnswer on Oath,

to forfeit not

exceeding 10I.

l*erfons £or-

swearing them-

selves,fuhje£l to

He prosecuted

lor Perjury.

Bakers, &c. not

to ufc Alluni in

making of Bread

for Sale,

on Pain of for-

feiting not ex-

ceeding icL nor

left than 5I. or

of Imprison-

ment not ex-

ceeding fix

Months, nor

left than two.

Wardmote In-

■quest may enter

Bakers Shops,

See. to weigh

and try Bread,

and seize such

jis shall be found

deficient, which

shall he disposed

of by the Magi-

ilrates.

Cap. 11.

Penalty cn ob-

ilrufling Search

or Seizure of

Bread, from 5I.

to 20s.

The Returns

not to he in-

spedted or made

known, except

to such Magi-

strates, Officer*,

Arc. as such Re-

turns are in-

tended to be in

fjxfted and ex-

amined by, on

Penalty from

icl. to 20I.

C. 98.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1797.

such Summons having been duly served^pon him, her, or them for that Purpose,) or if any Person or Persons

so summoned shall appear, and neglect or relufe to answer on Oath such lawful Questions touching the Pre-

miles as shall be proposed to him, her, or them, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the said Lord

Mayor for the Time being, or by the said Justice or Justices, without some just or reasonable Excuse, to be

allowed of by such Court, or Lord Mayor, or Justice, he, (he,or they so offending, on being convicted of any

such Offence, either by the Oath of one or more -credible YVitnefs or Witndies, or his, her, or their owii

Confession, before the Lid Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or before the said Lord Mayor for the Lime be-

- « _ ^ ^ ^ ^ % m A m fl I ff \ A

iy sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as

f j

any Person who shall be so examined

— - ~ ~ T ^ j j ^ J

on Oath, or in talcing any other Oath directed to be taken by this Act, shall wilfully forl'wear him or her-

self, every such Person shall be subjedtand liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment- or Inform-

ation by due Course of Law, and if convicted shall be liable to the Penalties Persons convicted of wilful and

corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXL And be it further enacted, 'That no Baker, or other Person making or who shall make Bread for

Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten

Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Baker or other Person as

last-mentioned, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Allum, or

Preparation or Mixture in which Allum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu

of Allum, into the Dough of such Bread, or in anywise use or cause to be used any Allum in the making of

such Bread, on any Account, or under any Oulouror Pretence whatsoever, upon Pain that every such Person,

whether Master, or Journeyman, or other Person, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be

convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confclfion, or by the Oath of one or more

credible Witness or witnesses, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not

exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands

and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be con-

victed, “be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the County, City,

Borough, or Place, where the Offence (lull have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be ap-

prehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any l ime not exceeding six Calendar Months,

nor less than two Calendar Months, from the Time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magi-

strates, Justice or Justices shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates,

justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby

required to cause the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode, and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper

which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, or the Liberty of Westm 'injlcr, and to de-

fray the Expence of publishing the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as last-mentioned, if any shall be

so forfeited, and (lull be paid or recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, 1'hat it shall and may be lawful for the several Wardmote Inquests of

the said City of London, from Time to Time, and at all leasonable Times in the Day Time, to enter into

any House, Shop, Stall, Bakchouse, Warehouse, Outhoulc, or other Place, of or belonging to any Baker or

Seller of Bread, within their respective WTards, to view, weigh, and try all or any of the Loaves of Bread

which shall be there exposed to or for Sale, and if any of the Loaves of Bread so exposed to or for Sale, or

which (lull be carrying or conveying to or for any Dealer therein, or Consumer thereof, shall be found to be

wanting, either in the Goodness of the Stuff whereof the fame shall be made, or to be deficient in the due

baking or working thereof, or shall be wanting in the due Weight, (such Weight to be ascertained within

twenty-four Hours after such Bread shall have been baked,) or shall not be truly marked according to the

Directions of the Act of Parliament, made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

such Wardmote Inquest, or any four or more of the Persons composing the lame, within their respective

Wards, shall and may seize such Bread, and after Seizure thereof shall, with all convenient Speed, cause the

fame to be cartied to any Magistrate or Magistrates of the said City of London, who shall and may dispose

thereof as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit.

XXIIL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any

Search hereinbefore authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Bread which shall be found upon any such

Search, or the taking or carrying away the fame, he, file, or they, so doing or offending shall, upon being

convicted thereof in Manner as by the said last-mentioned Act is directed, forfeit and pay, for every Offence,

any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates before

whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall think fit to order.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, 'That no Corn Meter, Meal Weigher, or other Person who shall be

employed or concerned in the preparing, making, or keeping, of any such General Returns of Wheat, or of

Flour or Meal made of Wheat, as are by this Act required and directed to be made, shall, on any Account

or Pretence whatsoever, cause or permit such Returns, or any of them, to be inspected by, or any of the Parti-

culars thereof reflectively to be made known to any Person or Persons without the Order of the Lord Mayor

for the Time being of the City of London, for that Purpose first obtained, favc and except only such Magi-

strates, Officers, and other Persons as such Returns are intended to be inspeCted and examined by from Time

to Time, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the fame into

Execution; and every Person who shall offend herein shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted

thereof, forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magi-

strates, fuftice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall from Time to Time think fit.

. XXV. And

