276

C.»i8, 1 g. Anno tricesimo sexto G eor gii III.

A.D. 1795.

A £> rot to ex-

tend to Sugar

exported to Ire-

land in thcStarc

it was imported

into Great Britain

Out of the Du-

ties on Sugar a

S um to he set

apart quarterly

for jo Years,

and the Re-'

mainder, with

other Duties

granted forpzy

ing any incrcaf.

(d Charge oc-

cafioned by any

Loan of this

Srflion, kept

Separate from

wtiivr Monies.

Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Refined Sugar called Bafiards, or any Ground or Pow-

dered Sugir, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, or Sugar called Cindy, four Shillings for each and

every Hundred \\ eight of such Sugar shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the Ex-

porter or exporters thereof: And that, from and after the said thiny-first Day of January one thousand fe—

veu hundred and ninety-six, of the Drawbacks or Bounties* now allowed by Law on the Exportation from

Greet Britain of.any other Refined Sugar, (even Shillings for each and every Hundred Weight of such Su-

gar (had cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the Exporter or Exporters thereof: Provided

aiways, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to reduce the Drawback now

allowed by Law on Sugar exported to Ireland, in the fame State in which it was imported into Great Bri-

tain from I’ oreign Parts.

% V* - ‘ v m g* . p *

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, out of the Monies arising

from the Rates and Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, the Sum of two hundred and eighty

thousand and twenty-n.nc Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, being one fourth Part of

the Sum of one million one hundred and twenty thousand one hundred and nineteen I ounds fourteen Shil-

lings and ten Pence, the Annual Average Produce for three Years, ending the fifth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the said Rates and Duties upon Sugar, shall quarterly, on the

T ( T ^ I 1 #% 9 ^. 4 A - m m a a a # % ^ — i I a I « « £ 4 M j 7 a I I I 1 I » I tF I I a I I ^ \ ^ 9

fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of /fpril, the fifth Day of Jtdy, and the tenth Day of October, in every

■. Year, during the Period of ten \ ears, be set apart from the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said

When Reduc-

tien of Diaw-

Hack shall take

place.

From Jan. 5.

1796, the Al-

lowances for

Wade of White

or Rock Salt

can ied CoatL

wife to cease.

Duties on White

and Rock Salt,

and on I-'orcirn

Sait imported,

to be paid as

Irercin fpt wried.

ccipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the

of any Act or Acts

Office of the Audi-

4r - . , , r the kid Remainder

of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties shall, togethei with the Monies arising from any other

Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpoic of defraying such increased Charge as-

aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, upon any Account whatever.

III. And,be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Reduction of Drawbacks and Boun-

ties, directed by this Act to be made upon the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sugar of the several

Descriptions herein mentioned, shall apply, take Efieft, and be put in Execution, on all such Sugar which

shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship in Great Britain at any Time after the twentieth Day of De-

cember one themfand (even hundred and ninety-five, and the thirty-first Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, respectively. ! r j

CAP. XIX.

An Act for determining the present Allowances for Wade on Salt carried Coastwise, and

for reducing the rd'peftive Times of Payment of the Duties on Salt,

Mott Gracious Sovereign,

[24th December 1795.J

: W ■HBI

ponces, and cf making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to

4 Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose tc

the increased

# # , . to be passed in

this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved, that certain Allowances now made for

jn(\^ wiui* —1 u__________»_ :/.i ?/-_ c J _ _ n g r r? / , Port of

determine

espective Times now allowed by Law for the Payment of the Duties on Salt be reduced,

4 whereby a considerable Saving will be made in your Majesty’s Revenue on Salt; do most humbly beseech

4 your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

A 1-----1 r ’ 0 ‘ ’ ’ r ‘ 1 ~ ' ’ ' Parlia-'

sand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Allowances now made, or directed to be made, by Law for Wade, to

Per Ions who shall ship any White Salt or Rock Salt to be carried Coadwifeas aforesaid, shall cease and deter-

mine; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers, Rules, and Directions, for making, ascertaining,

and paying, such Allowances contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall also cease and determine.

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

incut attembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of January 01

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by the former Laws relating to the Duties on Salr,

the Eime for Payment of the Duties on White Salt is appointed to be nine Months, there shall be allowed

three Months and no more; and where the Time for the Payment of the Duties on Rock Salt is appointed

to be twelve Months, there dial! be allowed four Months and no more; and where the Time for Payment

of the Duties on Foreign Salt imported, is appointed to be six Months, there (lull be allowed two Months

\ v \ and

