A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georg 11 III.

G. 4*9*

93

Lifts, or Parts of Lifts, in their Possession, or of such of them as a Copy shall be demanded, to any Person

or Persons whatever, (such Copy or Copies, purporting to be a true Copy or Copies, to be certified and

fjgned by such Officers, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks, or their

Deputies reflectively,) for which no greater Fee than three Pence shall be charged,- unless the Copies so

demanded shall contain the Entries of two or more Persons, in which Cale there shall be paid at the Rate of

six Pence for every two Persons whose Names are certified therein ; which said Lifts, and Parts of Lifts, and

alfoaCopy signed as aforesaid, of them, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall, at all I imes and at all

Places, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence of a Certificate having been obtained by the Person or

Persons whose Names shall be certified therein *, and such Copy shall and may be required by any Justice of

the Peace in Great Britain, before whom any Prosecution shall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on

Notce in Writing being left at the Office of the said Commissioners, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks,

Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks respectively, or their respective Deputies, to whom respectively the

fame shall appertain.

XVI. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the said ref|>eclive Clerks of the Peace,

Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, and Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, shall, within six Weeks

after the Receipt of the Copy of such Lift, make out, or cause to be made out therefrom, correct Lilts of all

anJ every the rerlons named MEI'UIM, fui each City or T own, Parish and Place, within such County, Rid-

ing, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, and shall, within the said Period, or (even Days after, cause the fame

to be respectively transmitted to the Churchwardens or Uverleers of the roor, Uonltablcs, Tythingmen,

or other Peace Officers, of or within such City, Town, Parish, or Place, or to some or one of them, who

shall, within three Days after the Receipt of any such Lift, cause a true and exact Copy thereof to be affixed

own, Parish, or Place ; and if

all, within three Days after the Receipt of any such Lift, cause a true and e:

1 the Church or Cha| el Doors and Market Cross (if any) of such City, T

:h Town or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, then on the Churc

• • • r\ •/I « n it i* % « r • rt^•

such Town or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, then on the Church or Chapel Door of the next

adjoining Parish, and shall cause the fame to be, from Time to Time, re

next ensuing ; and as often as it shall be necefia __________

uring the said Space of four Weeks, affix other Conus thereof in like Manner : and every Person wilfully

tearuig, dencing, or removing, any such Copy so affixed within the said Space of four Weeks, shall forfeit

for every Offence the Sum cf forty Shillings, on Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, as herein-after is

directed, to be paid, one Moiety thereof to such Churchwarden or Overseers of the Poor, Constable,

Tythingman, or other Peace Officer aforesaid,. and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or

Informers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of one

Calendar Month after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if any Person shall

use or wear as an Article of his or her Dress any Powder commonly called Hair Powder, of whatever Ma-

teruh the fame shall be made, or by whatever other Name the fame shall be distinguished or called, without

having obtained a Certificate from the proper Officer of Stamps in the County, Riding, Division, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place, wffiere such Person shall reside, in pursuance and according to the Directions of this

Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, which

shall be sued for and recovered in the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such

Offender shall be; and if any Person having obtained any such Certificate shall afterwards fill, transfer, assign,

or deliver the fame, to any other Person, with Intent that such Certificate shall be fraudulently made use of

to the Diminution of his Majesty’s Revenue granted by this Act, or if any Person shall fraudulently use any

such Cenificate in order to evade the Payment of the said Duty by this ACt imposed, every such Person

ffijll, for every /uch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty PounJs.

XV III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall

come into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, shall hi lequircd to obtain his or her Certificate, in pursuance

ofth s Act, before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after such Arrival; the Proof of such Persons

Arrival from foreign Parts, and of the Time of such Arrival, shall lie upon the Party claiming such

Privilege.

XIX. And be it further enavfted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respe<Stive Clerks of the Peace,

Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, and Stewait Clerks, or their respective Deputies, or other Officers afore-

(2 d, who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act in any of the Particulars herein mentioned* and

v.vio shall r spectively execute the fame to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the

. • # A A i lift I I • ft 1 y A J* • ft W-m. ' A - A *

Li As and Copies

to be admitted

as Evidence.

Copies may be

required byjuf-

tices gratis.

Clerk of the

Peace, See. to

transmit Copies

of Lifts to the

Parish Officers,

&c. to be affixed

on the Church

Doors, &c.

Penalty on Per-

fons defacing

such Copies.

Penalty for

wearing Hair

Powder with-

out, or for trans-

ferring, or

fraudulently

using, Certifi-

cates.

Persons from

foreign Parts

not required to

obtain Certifi-

cates till 21

Days after Arrival.

Clerks of the

Peace, Arc. to

be rewarded for

their Trouble.

me

by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties out of any Duties arifingon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or

P^per,) as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High

Treaiurer for the Time being, shall authorile and direct, for their Care and Trouble in and about the Exe-

cution of this Act, over and above their respective Expences in the fame, to be paid in like Manner ; and

that such reasonable Reward as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall from Time to Time authorise*

shall also be given and allowed to the respective Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Ty-

thingmen, or other Peace Officers, for any Thing done by them respectively in the Execution of this ACt,

to be paid by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies,

or other Officers af< refaid, respectively employing such Constables, 1 ythingmen, or other Peace Of-

ficers to be charged in their Accounts with the said Commissioners of Stamo Dutic3^

XX. And bi it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer appointed to receive Ac-

of Persons Names and Places of Abode in pursuance of this Act, or to make out and issue Certifi-

or to return Lifts or Copies thereof, shall negledi to perform his or their Duty in the Execution of

ElIL I such

Penalty on Per-

fons appointed

to receive Ac-

counts, or 10

