A.D. 1796.

Anno tricesimo (exto Georgii III.

.C. 1 26.

423

Jurtices may

mitigaie Pe-

Convidions

not removable,

2,369 1. 17 s.

9 d. to be set

apart Quarterly

out of the Du-

ties granted by

recited Act, and

the Remainder

to be applied in

defraying the

incrcafedCharge

occasioned by

any Loan of

this Session, and.

for ten Years,

with other Du-

ties granted for

the fame Pur-

port, kept fe-

ali other Monies#

Limitation of

Actions.

nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where be shall fee Cause* to miti-

gate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall thin* tit, the reasonable Costs of the Officers and Informers, as

well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed, over and above such Miti-

gation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to leis than one Moiety of the Penalties in-

curred, over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary not-

withstanding; and such Conviction shall not be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the passing of this

Act; (that is to say,) on the tenth Day of Gfiober, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils and

the fifth Day of July, in every Year, there shall be set apart, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

out of the Alonies arising from the Duties on Hats granted by the said recited Act, the Sum of two thou-

sand three hundred and sixty-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, being One-fourth Part of the

Average Yearly Produce for three Years next before and ending on the first Day of AuguJ] one thousand (even

hundred and ninety-five, of the said Duties; and thatafter letting apart such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the

Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Duties shall be deemed an addition made to the Revenue for

the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be creat-

, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that during the Space

of ten Years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt,

a Hook or Books, in which all the Surplus Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Re-

ceipt, (h&Jl, together with any Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Par-

liament, fori the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from

all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

parate from

XXVIL And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purffianc^ of this Act, then and in every such Cafe the said

Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the FadI committed, and not after-

wards* and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not else-

where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought may plead the General Cencrallflaei

Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: and if it shall appear to be fodorie, or if any

such Action or Suit shall be brought after the 7'ime before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought

in any other County, City, or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Jury shall find for

the Defendant or Defendants; and if, upon fuctv Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail become non-

suit, or discontinuehis, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if

upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall

and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants Treble Costs-

bath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

? y *' 1 7il m >» V f 9 3* < i,l I, 4 t j , l 1

; CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated

Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sefilon of Parliament#

jj■ # # [19th May 1796.]:

4 Most gracious Sovereign, * ' ‘

t \ \ 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

W assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

jesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sums herein-

4 mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enadtea ;’

44 2.500,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer

44 Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax.

4t Tallies of Loan to be (truck, &c. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in course. No Fee

44 to be taken for registering, C$c. Penalty for taking Fees, and for undue Preference in registering, &c.

Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the fame Date, brought the same Day, ar^ entered

u first, so they arc all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Pay-

14 ment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum

u hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of the present

44 Session; the Provisions of which Act (except such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the

44 Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and Interest, &c. to be discharged out of the Consolidated

44 Fund.

M

Bank may advance 3,500,000l. on the Credit of this Act. Monies raised by the Malt Duties,

Land Tax, Annuities; further Annuities; Lottery; and 3,500,000l. out of Consolidated Fund, to be

44 applied (with the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the L/fes hereafter expressed. 7,052,552 /. 1 x. 8 d.

u for Naval Services for 1796. 500,000 /. for discharging the Navy Debt. 875,488/. 141. id. for Land

14 Service of the Ordnance for 1796. 279/. 4*. \d. for ditto, previous to Dec. 31, 1783. 45,656/. ox.

td. for ditto in 1794; 61,000l. 8 x. yd. for Sea Service ofdittoin 1794; 762,046/. 13s.6d. for Land

4 Service of ditto in 1795; 210,194/. 15;. in/, for Services of the Ordnance prior to Dec- 31, 1705*

36 Geo. Ill, 3 I , 4< 200,000l.

