471 *

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 6.

before directed, shall be transmitted to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or

Place, where such Return ought to be made, by the Commissioners who shall have made any A fie Ament in

such other Place or Places respectively, in order that the fame may be added to the Assess’ment made in the

Place where such Service shall be required, and of which Notice shall be so given as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person fha!l be enrolled by virtue of this Act, who is not,in

the Opinion of the major Part of the Deputy Lieutenants pretent at the Subdivision Meeting at the Time

appointed for Enrolment, such an able bodied Man as is fit to lerve h s Majesty, and is free from Ruptures,

and every other Distemper or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his Duty; or who, in the

Opinion of the major Partcf such Deputy Lieutenants, shall appear tube under the Age of fixfcen Years,

or above the Age of fifty Years; nor any articled Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid (unless with the Con-

tent of the Mailer of such Clerk or Apprentice); nor any Person inlisted in any of his Majesty’s Forces,

or entered in his Majesty’s Navy, or in any Volunteer Corps raised by virtue of the said Act, passed in the

thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and who shall have been enrolled therein before the

twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Man who shall be enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall be

furnished with, and shall appear, in every Day of Muster, in a suitable Dress for a Private Soldier of Ca-

valry; which Dress shall be provided by himself, if he shall terve as a Principal, or if he shall terve as a Sub-

stitute, then by the Person for whom he shall so serve, according to the Pattern of Dress which shall be fixed

and settled at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy for the County, Riding, or Place, where the Persons shall

respectively serve, and which shall have be^n approved of by his Majesty; and the said General Meetings of

Lieutenancy shall and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to make necefi'ary Regulations respect-

irg the fame, and for the Appearance of the Men on the Days of Muster, according to the Ordeis efta-

blfshed by Law for the Militia Forces; which Regulations, being approved of by his Majesty, shall be of

the fame Force as if the Regulations had been set down and enacted in and by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Mare or Gelding shall be admitted at any Muster, unless the

feme shall be of the Height of fourteen Hands and two Inches, nor unless the fame be, in the Opinion of

the Officer of Muller, fit for Military Duty, and provided with sufficient Furniture, according to such

Regulations as shall have been established at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy, with the Approbation of

his Majesty.

XXVI. And be it further pnaded. That if any Man enrolled by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully neglect

to appear at every Day of Muster appointed by virtue thereof, or mall not appear in the proper Dress pro-

vided for him as aforesaid, or shall not, in the Opinion of the Persons authorized to take the Muster, have,

kept the fame with due Care; and if no reasonable Excuse be given by such Man for such Neglect, every

such Man shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Shillings, which shall be deducted out of the

first Money which he shall be entitled to receive, whether as Allowance, Pay, or otherwise, by virtue of

this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enrolled to serve as a Principal in

the said Service, and every Substitute not having obtained his Discharge in Manner hereinbefore directed,

(and not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating them respectively,) who shall not appear at the Place

appointed for Muster according to the Directions of this Act, before such Muster shall be completely taken,

and the Men dismissed therefrom, or who shall not appear at the 'l ime and Place appointed for assembling

the Men of such County, Riding, or Place, in pursuance of his Majesty’s Warrant, for calling out and em-

bodying the fame, Notices thereof respectively having been published as this Act requires, shall, if not taken,

or npt having fuirendered within the Space.of twenty-four Hours after the Time appointed for such their

Appearances as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds, to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, for which

such Persons shall have been appointed to serve; and all such Penalties before-mentioned shall be levied by

Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person guilty of such Offence, by Warrant of any one

Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and wheie

sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found to answer the said Penalty, then to commit such Offender to

the common Gaol or House of Corredion, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of twelve Calendar

Months, unless such Penalty shall be looner paid or satisfied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed to provide any Man or Men for the

said Service, shall wilfully neglect to provide suitable Cloathing, according to the Directions of this Act, or to

provide proper Furniture for each and every Mare or Gelding to be kept by him or her, for the Purposes of

this Act, (before the first Muster of Men to he had in the Subdivision where he or she is charged to the said

Duties.) to be uted at every successive Muster to be had under this Act, every such Person shall, for every

such Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, to tx: added to the Assessment of such Person, and to

be levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein contained, in the Manner herein directed.

XXIX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to provide any Man for the said

Service, shall neglect to provide suitable Cloathing, according to the Directions of this Act, or to provide

proper Furniture for the Marc of Gelding to be kept by him or her for the Purposes of this Act, before the

first Muster cf Men to be had in the Subdivision where he or (lie is charged to the said Duties, to be uted at

every successive Muster as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings,

which Sum shall be added to the Aficilment of such Person, and levied and accounted for together with the

87 Geo. UI. 3 Duties

Mm derived

unlit to Arvr,

and certain other

Persons, not

be enrolled.

Men enroled to

appear drefltd

according to a

Pattern ap-

pointed b/ the

Lieutenwcy,

and approved

by hi» Majesty,

fee.

No Mare, Sec to

be admitted at

Muftvr, unit ft

of a certain

Height, See,

Penalty on Men

enrolled for not

appearing at

every Muster

Day, Sec.

Penalty on Men

enroll.das Prin-

cipals 01 Substi*

tutesnot ap-

pearing at the

Place of Muster

before taken, or

not appearing

at-the Time and

Place lor affem-

bling wlun

called out and

embodied,

which may be

levied by D.f-

tiefe.

Penalty on Per-

foni appointed

to provide Men,

who neglect to

provide Cloath-

ing and Horse-

Fumiture i

Penalty on any

Person chosen

by Ballot to

provide a Man,

lor a like De-

fault be tore tilt

first Muller,

