A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 60.

FORM of CONTRACT for Sale of Crown Lands belonging to the Duchy of Laticaster.

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender

of the Faith, and so forth, to all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting : Know ye, that We, in con-

federation of the Sum of paid into the Hands of Our Receiver General of the

Revenues of Our Duchy oi Lancaster, as appears by the Receipt of the Receiver General indorsed on these

Presents, by and with the Advice and Consent of Our Chancellor and Council of Our said Duchy, do by

these Presents grant, bargain, and fell unto A. B. his Heirs and Assigns, all [describe the Manors &c. foldJ

to have and to hold the said [Manors, CsY.] hereby bargained and fold, ana all Benefits and Advantages

thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said A. B. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. [In case there be

any fubfijling Lease of the Manors, &c. Words to the following Effect are to be added; Subject nevertheless to.

the Term and Interest in the said Manors, iffc. by virtue of a Lease granted under the Seal of

bearing Date on or about ' - unto

for a Term of which will expire on or about ]

In Witness whereof , ,

FORM of CERTIFICATE of CONTRACTS made by the Surveyor General of

.the Land Revenue.

By the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

THESE are to certify. That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, bearing Date the Day of the said

Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed with A. B. of for the Sale to the said

A, B. of all [here describing the Premises to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A. B, into the Bank of England,

and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, [and in case of any fulffijling

Lease, then the following Words to be added, Subject nevertheless to Here dtferibing when and to whomsuch

Leaje was granted, for what Term of Tears or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives

are in being,] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the

Enrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money, in the Office of the Auditor

of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid [or, of the Clerk of the Pipe, as the Cafe may be,] and

thenceforth for ever, the said A. B. and his [her, or their] Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be adjudged,

deemed, and taken to be in the aCtual Seisin and Possession of the said Premises so by him [her, or them]

purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to

all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held and enjoyed

the fame, by force and virtue of an ACt of Parliament, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of thej Reign of

his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [tn/erting the Title of this All]*

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General the

Day of ' , ,

Witness to the Signing by the said Surveyor General,

[The IVitnefs to be one of the Clerks,

or other Officers in his Office.]

(G.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE of CONTRACTS to be made by the Surveyor General

of the Duchy of Cornwall* • * ..

By the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall.

THESE are to certify. That, by virtue of a Warrant from the Council of his Royal Highness the Prince

of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed withyf. B. for the

Sale to the said A. B. of all [here describe the Premises, or the Relit, to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A. B. into the Bank of England,

and carried to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, [and in case of any subsisting Lease, or any Grant by

Pa lU T •* _ ' " 5 N z Copy

