802

C. 60.

Anno tricesimo o&avoGEORGII III.

A.D. 1798.

Revenue, &c.

and the Enrol-

ment, artefted

on the said Cer-

tificate, shall be

full Evidence of

the Purchaftr’s Title.

session of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and

quietly, freed and dil’charged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming, by, from, or under him

or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply, to all Intents and

Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.

Expences of

Surveys necef-

fary shall be

defrayed out of

the Purchase

Money by Order

of the Treasury.

Form of Cen-

trals and Re-

ceipts on Sale of

such Lands, in

Sclicdules E. F,

C, H.

Chancellor, Sec.

of Duchy of

Lancaster may

fell Lands, &c.

within the

Duchy, to re-

deem the Land

Tax $ the Pur-

chafe Money to

be paid to the

Receiver Gene-

ral of the

Duchy, and in-

verted under the

Directions of

19GCO. 3. c. 45.

The Treasury,

and the Chan-

cellor, Sec. of

the Duchy,may,

from the Pro-

duce of such

Sales respect-

ively, transfer

to Commission-

ers for reducing

the National

Debt, so much

Stock as shall

be nectflary to

redeem their

respettive Pro-

portions of

Land Tax on

the Crown

Lands.

The Intercrt,

mean Time, and

On such Trans-

fer the Crown

Lands to be ex-

onerated from

the Land Tax,

and the Amount

thereof payable

by Tenants of

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of

the Treasury for the Time being, to order any Expences that may be necefTarily incurred for making Sur-

veys of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby authorized to be sold

or other wise, in relation to the Sale thereof, to be defrayed out of the Purchase Monies arising from such

Sales. ; ♦ ,

Jp' 71-- * WI. fWfClA/ fUUI a) "if f>| 1 tie.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Contrail made under the Authority of this. Ail, for the Sale

of any Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be in

the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F); and every Certificate for the Sale of

any Part of the Revenues of the Crown within the Survey or Receipt of the Chancellor and Council of the

Duchy of Lancaster, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (E); and

every.Certificate of Contrail for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall be in

the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (G); and the Receipt or Acknowledgment for the

Consideration of every such Sale shall be in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked

(H). T

LIII. And be it further cnailed. That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of

Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose of, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

from Time to Time, and thereupon to grant and act’ure, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

under the Seal of the said Duchy, such and so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes,

Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Grounds, Fens, Marshes, or Waste Lands, belonging to the

Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and the Officers of the fame, at or for the

befl Prices or Confutations in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for

the fame, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown,

within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and the Officers of the fame, and the rurchafe Money to

be paid for the fame shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Reve-

nues of the said Duchy, and Acquittances and Receipts given by him for the fame, and the fame shall be

laid out and inverted in like Manner, in all Respects, as is directed by an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Atl to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of

Lancarter to Jell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements,

within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy, or any other Act

or Acts now in force for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments,

within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy or its Officers.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commission-

ers of the Treasury, in respect of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer* and for

the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster in respe£l of the Crown Lands in the Survey and

Receipt of the said Duchy, for the Time being, by Order of his Majesty in Council, from Time to Time

to cause to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, so much of the Ca-

pital Stock verted in their respe£live Names, arising from any Sales made by them respectively in pursuance

of the said respective A6lsof the nineteenth and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and

of this Act, or any other Act or Acts nowin force for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, or

the Duchy of Lancaster, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the

said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and other Revenues of the Crown respectively; and

that in the mean Time, and until the fame shall be so transferred, the Interest or Yearly Dividends thereof,

and also the Interest or Yearly Dividends of any Part of such Capital Stock which shall not be applied or

disposed of for the Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax, shall be from Time to Time received, ac-

counted for, applied, and appropriated in like Manner, in all Respects, as isdiredled by the said Acts of the

nineteenth and thirty-fourth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, in respect of the Dividends of Stock purchased

in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them respectively.

that of tht Surplus, if any, to be applied according to the Directions of 19 Geo. 3. and 34 Geo. 3.

LV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Redemption by the Transfer of Stock, in the Manner

hereinbefore mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Rents, or any

other Revenues belonging to the Crown, and upon the Registry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the

Manors, Messuages, Lands, or Rents, or any other Revenue belonging to the Crown, upon which such

Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth be wholly freed ana exonerated from the Land Tax

charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thence-

\ 7 forth

