A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C.92,93.

XXII. And whereas Contrails may have been made for the Sale of British Spirits before the fame shall

have been charged or become chargeable with the Duty by this Act impoled be it therefore enacted.

That in all Cafes where any Spirits, whereorr the Duty by this Act impoled shall be charged, shall have

been, after the said thirteenth Day of "June one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, or shall be de-

livered in pursuance of such Contradts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Distillers, Redtifiers, Com-

pounders, Dealers in or Retailers of such Spirits, delivering the fame, to charge so much Money as shall

be equivalent to the Duty by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Spirits

and such Distiller, Redlinef, Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to

demand, and be paid the fame accordingly.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obf^rudl or hinder any Officer or

Officers of Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by

this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Spirits, the Person or Persons so offending therein

shall, fur each and every such Offence, severally. forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act im poled as

aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from Time to

Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at W'eftminster, and the said Money so paid in

as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, and shall be managed and applied

in the same Manner as the Duties granted by the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, are thereby

directed to be managed and applied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act*imposed, shall

be sued fot, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty,

or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one

Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and

the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules,'Penalties, For-

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

Zoi

thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale,

BBBBMf I B . >gs

of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Te-

nures in Capite and by Knight Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Aiajejly in lieu

and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or

recovering, adjudging, or afetrtaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and

put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and pay-

ing the Duties hereby granted, as fully and cffedlually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Diredlioos,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this pre-

sent Act.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on Taxed Carts.—[29th June 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign, r

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties on Car-

riages, and imposing new Dufies in lieu thereof, the Duty imposed on Carriages, commonly

4 called Taxed Carts, is also repealed; and it is expedient to place such Carriages under the Regulations,

and subject to the Duties hereinafter mentioned / may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Ule of his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fur and upon every Carriage with less than four Wheels, to be drawn

by one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and* Iron, without

any Covering other than a Tilted Covering, and without any Lining or Springs, or any Ornament what-

ever, other than Paint of a dark Colour lor the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall

have the Words 44 A Taxed Cart,” and also the Owner’s Name and Place of Abode thereon, and the

Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any Time

exceed, the Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, the Annual Sum of one Pound and four Shillings; which Duty

shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied in the same Manner, by the lame Per-

fons respectively, and under the like Rules, Directions, and Provisions, and to the like LJfes as the Duties

on Carriages imposed by the said recited Act, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted

for, and applied. ... E-»j '

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed o

authorize any Person to set up or keep any Carriage as a Taxed Cart, on Payment of the Duty hereby

granted, who shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said recited Act on Carriages in

respect of any fouc-wheeied Carriage k&pt or used by him or her, or to the Duties thereby granted on

7 1 Male

9IT

Where Spirits

chargeable un-

der this Act

have b^en con-

tracted for pre-

vious to the

Duty, it may be

added to the

Price.

Persons ob-

structing Offi-

cers to forfeit

2001.

Duties tobepaid

into th; Exche-

quer, and car-

ried to the Con-

folidated F und.

Recovery and

Application of

Ptualties.

12 Car. 2. c. *4.

Sic. to extend to

this Act.

Cap. 4z« of thia

Session.

An Annual Du.

ty of 1 i. 4 s. to

be paid for

every Taxed

Cart of a parti-

cular Construe-

tien, Scc.

Persons liable to

Duties on a

four-wheeled

Carriage, or two

Male Servants,

