912

C. 93-

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georg ji III. A.D. 1798.

Male Servants, in respect of two Male Servants retained or employed by him or her; but every such Per-

son who shall keep any such Carriage shall be liable to, and shall be charged for toe lame at the Kate pre-

fcribtd, and according to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, in respect of Carriages with less

than fbujb Wheels^ therein mentioned. , - -• n r b «■ *’

to pay for

Taxed Carts as

for Carnages

with Ids than

undar c. 41. of this Session. Schedule B.

Persons occupy-

ing Farms or

carrying oh

Trade, and

making a Live-

lihood solely

thereby, ar.d

Ecclt fiaflics not

pol(Wling iocI.

per Ann. Bull

pay (or Horses

used only in

such Carnages as

Carriages to be

marked with

the Names of

the Owners, &c.

and produced

upon Demand

for Examina-

tien.

If the Value of

such Carriage

shall be more

than i*l. or it

shall be con-

ArudUd con-

trary to this

Act, &c. it shall

be charged as a

Carnage with

less than (our

Whe<ls (under

c.41. Scheduled),

and the Survey-

or shall certify

the fame, that it

may be so

charged in the

Assessment.

Carts used

wholly in Huf.

bandry orTrade,

not to be subject

to Du:y on ac-

count of riding

therein when

laden, or or con-

veying their

Owners to

Church, 8cc.

All Car rrages

with hfs than

four Wheels let

out to Hire, to

he subject to the

Duty under c. 41

Carts charged

with Duty

hereby granted,

rot liable to the

additional Duties

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying a Farm, and making 3

Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by

such Occupation or Trade jointly, or any EcclestafVical Person not poildled of an Annual Jncome of one

hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment, or other wise, shall keep any

such Carriage subject to the Duty hereby granted, every l'uch Person shall be charged in respect of the

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used for the rurpose of drawing such Carriage, at the Rate prefenbed by the

hard recited Act for Horses not kept for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage charged with

Duty by the said Act: Provided always. That such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not be at any lime

used by such Person for the Purpose of Riding, or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by the

said recited Act. C . ' * ’ * * -

for Horses not kept for riding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be rated and aflcfTed for such Carriage'as afbreCiid,

shall mark or paint on a Black Ground in White Letters, or on a White Ground in Black Liters, on

the Outside of the Back Pannel, or Back Part of such Carriage, or in case such Carriage (halpbe conilrufted

without a Back Pannel, or any Back Part on which such Letters may be marked or painted, then on the

Side, or on feme conspicuous Part of such Carriage, on the Outside thereof, his or her Christian and Sur-

names, and the Place of his or her Abode, and the Words “ A 'Taxed Carr,” in Roman Letters, and in

Words at full Length, each of such Letters being at lead one Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Pro-

portion, and shall, upon Demand being made, produce such Carriage, (p marked or painted, to the Af-

feflor or Afieliors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Infpcftorf, of the said Rate or Duty, or at any

Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or to any two or more of them, to be

examined by them, or any or either of them, respecting all or any of the Particulars above mentioned;

and if any Person or Persons shall have or keep any Carriage as aforesaid with less than four Wheels, and

such Carriage shall, in respect of the Price thereof, or for any lublequent Addition, (Repairs excepted,)

have been charged (the Proof of which shall lie on the Owner or Owners of such Carriage) at any Sum

exceeding twelve Pounds Sterling, or if the* Value thereof shall appear to the said Com m i (doners, on Ex-

amination, to exceed(the said Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, or if such Carnage shall.be built or con-

ftrufted in any Respect contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore mentioned, or mall not be so marked as

aforesaid, or if such Person or Perfnns shall neglect or refule, upon Demand being made, to produce

such Carriage so marked to the Adellbr or AflellorS, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or inspeftors, of

the said Rate or Duty, or to the Commissioners as aforesaid, for the Examination of them, or any or

either of them, every such Person or Persons shall be liable to, and shall be charged at, the Kate prescribed

according to the Directions contained in the said recited Act in respect of Carriages with less than four

Wheels therein mentioned; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, upon Notice thereof, shall certify the

fame in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to any two or more of the Commissioners for putting

the said recited Act in Lxecutron, in order to have such Carriage changed at the Race prescribed by the said

recited Act, in the Allcflment made or to be made for that Year, apd any two or more of the said Co.n-

millioners shall thereujron cause the Assessment to be rectified or made according to such Certnicate, and

the said Rate and Duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be condrued to

extend to subject to the said Duty any Cart whatever which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be

used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry or of Trade, by reason of the Owner or any or his or her Servants

riding thereon or therein, when laden, or when returning from any Place to which, or when going to any

Place from which, any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such' Carriage, in tire Course of

Husbandry, or for the Purpose of Trade, or for conveying the Own^s thereof, or their Families, to or

from Divine Service, on Sundays, or for carrying Persons goi'ng to or .returning from the Election of Mem-

bers to serve in Parliament, in case such Carriage shall not have been ufecj for auy Purpose of riding thereon

or thtrein, save as aforesaid. ■-V *

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That any Carriage with. less. than four Wheels, of

whatever Conffruftion the*fame*may be, which shall be at any I ime lent or, jetput to hire, shall be sub-

ject to the Duty imposed on such Carriages by the said recited Act ; auy -Tifong^ herein ^ootamed to the

contrary notwithstanding. u , i .. .■? j ; ( n

. of this Session. j , .

VII. And be it further enacted. That no Person assessed for any such Cart as aforesaid, to the Duties

hereby granted, shall be charged in respect thereof with the additional Duties granted"by an Act, intituled,

an Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid and Contribution for tbj Projlxution efthe War.

under c. 16. 0/ this Session.

7

91

VIII. And

