820

I

I

C. 60, 6r. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo G e o r g 11 III. A.D. 1798.

Copy of Court Roll, then the following Words to he added, Subjc£I nevertheless to Here describing when and to

whomsuch Lease or Copy was granted, for what Term or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of

the Lives are in being], and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid,

and the Enrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money, in the Office of the

Auditor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and thenceforth for ever, the said A. B. and his [her, or their] Heirs,

Successors, or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the

said Premises [or Relit, as the Cafe may be] so by him flier, or them] purchased, [and where the Purchase

shall be other than for a Relit, then the following Words to be added, 44 and shall hold and enjoy the fame, peace-

44 ably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Royal Highnefsthe

cc Prince of Wales, his Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the

“ fame,” by force and virtueoLjn Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [inserting the Title of this Act],

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cormvall the -

Day of

Witness to the Signing by the said Surveyor General, y

[The Witness to be one of the Clerks, f

or other Officers in his Office.] ' '

% tm

(H.) . _ •

FORM of the CASHIER’! RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from the above [or, within] named A. B. the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above

[or, within] written Certificate. '

1 Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England.

Cajbieri

(!)

FORM of ASSIGNMENT of LAND TAX by a TRUSTEE.

I A. B. of a Trustee appointed by C. D. of together with several other Per-

fons, to purchase their respective Land Tax, do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C-D.

his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Yearly Sum of being the Land Tax

charged upon the [here describe the Nature of the Property] of him or her the said C. D. situate in [herein-

fert the Place], and which is the Proportion purchased by me as a Trustee for the said C. D. to hold to the

said C. D. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Witness my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

36 Geo. 3.

c. 106. recited#

CAP. LXI. MSI

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act,

passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One hun-

dred and fix, videlicet, on the eighteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty

on the Exportation of Sugar.—[21ft June 1798.]

4 TT WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 V V An Act to amend an Act, made in the lafi Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act to amend an Act

€ made in the thirtysecond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for regulating the AL

4 lowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the

4 Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda {/lands in Foreign Ships 5 and for reducing

4 the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Shipswhich was to continue in force until

* the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of

7 • the

