i 20

No Com raft

available in

Law ur.lcfi

properly

stamped,

ror any

Vellum, &c.

to be stamped

after Contrail

is printed or

written thereon.

Persons making

Insurance, 4:c.

uultfi the Cotu

tract be pro-

perly Ibainjicd,.

-and Brokers,

Arc ailing con-

trary to this

Act, to forfeit

5c$l-

Erokerage, &c>

pot a legal

Charge unless

■the Insurance

be properly

stamped, &c,

Aflurers, unless

lpfyrances be

properly

stamped, See.

to forfeit 500I.

The London

Assurance and

the Royal Ex-

change Atfur-

alice not liable

to Penalty for

making Agree*

'rnents un-

llamped, if

Policies-be

made out and

Ramped, Scc.

Application of

Penalties, futd

for in fix

.Von:*! s.

C. 63.

Anno tricesimo-quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Insurance made or entered into in

Great Britain, in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act made payable, nor any Contrail or Agreement

lor such Insurance as aforesaid, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitieJ in any

Court, to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on

which such Insurance (hull be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be stamped with a lawful Stamp, to

denote the Rate or Duty as by this Act is directed, or to denote fomc higher Rate or Duly in this Act con*

tained; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of the said Stamp Duties, or any of their

Officers, to damp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper with any Stamp directed to be provided or used by

virtue of this Act, at any l ime after any such Insurance as aforesaid, or Contract for such Intuiance, shall

be eijgrofied, primed, or written thereon, under any Pretence whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, all and every Person or Persons who shall make or effect, or

knowingly procure to be made or effected, any Insurance whatever, in respect whereof any Duty is by this

Act made payable, or shall give or pay, or agree to give or pay, or render himself or hcrlclf liable to pay

any Sum of Money, Premium, or Consideration whatever, in the Nature of a Premium, for or-upon any

such Insurance as is before mentioned, or shall enter into any Contract or Agreement whatever, for any

such Insurance as is before mentioned, unless the fame Insurance, Comradt, and Agieement for Insurance

respectively, shall be engrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, being first duly

stamped, with a proper Stamp or Stamps as herein is directed, or with some Stamp or Stamps of higher

Denomination or Value^rhan herein is directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five

hundred Pounds; and also, all and every the Brokers, Agents, Scriveners, or other Persons negociating or

transacting any such Insurance as is hcrem-before mentioned contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act, or engrossing, printing, or writing any Agreement for any such Insurance as is herein-before

mentioned, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, before the fame Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon

the fame shall be engrossed, printed, or written, be so duly stamped as aforesaid, shall also for every such

Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Broker,

Agent, Scrivener, or other Person transacting, making, or negociating any such Insurance as is herein-

before mentioned, to charge or set against his Employer or Employers any Sum of Money for Brokerage

or Agency, or for his Pains or Labour in transacting, making, or negociating such Inlurance, or en-

grossing, printing, or writing the fame, or for any Sum of Money expended or paid by Way of Premium,

or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, unless the fame shall be engrossed,

printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper duly stamped according to the Directions cf this Act,

or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper stamped with a Stamp or Stamps of higher Denomination or Value

than is by this Act required, and all and every Sum and Sums whatever paid by such Employer or Em-

ployers on any such Account to any Broker, Agent, Scrivener, or other, Person aforesaid, transadling,

making, or negociating any Insurance contrary to this Act, shall be deemed to be paid without Consider-

ation, and shall remain the Property of such Employer or Employers, his, her, or their respective Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall become an Affurer

upon any such Insurance as is herein-before mentioned, or shall subscribe or underwrite any such Insurance,

or shall receive or contract for any Premium or Consideration for any such Insurance, or shall pay or allow

in Account, or agree to pay or allow in Account, or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Loss,

Peril, or Contingency relative to any such Insurance as aforesaid, unless such Insurance shall be engrossed,

printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or

it any Person shall be concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance or Device, with Intent to evade the Duties by this

Act imposed, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds,

XVIII. And whereas it is customary for the Purpose of making Insurances, by the Corporation of 7'be

London Affarance and The Royal Exchange Assurance, to prepare a Label, Slip, or Memorandum in

4 Writing, containing the Heads of the Insurance propofea to be made, from which Label, Slip, or

4 Memorandum, signed by the Person making the Insurance and the proper Officer or Officers of such Cor-

4 porations, Policies of Insurance have been afterwards made as obligatory on the Parties; and it would be

4 attended with considerable Inconvenience to require Policies of Insurance duly stamped to be in all Cafes

4 immediately made out;* be it provided and further enabled, that nothing herein contained shall extend to

fuhjeiSl any of the Members, Officers, or Servants of such Corporations, to any of the Penalties by this

Act imposed for or by reason of their making any Agreement to in lure by any such Label, Slip, or

Memorandum in Writing, upon undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, provided that in every fuel*

Cafe, the Day on which such Agreement shall be made, shall be truly expressed in Words at Length

on such Label, Slip, or Memorandum, and a Policy of Insurance according to the Agreement expressed in

such L;ibel, Slip, or Memorandum, shall be made out according to one of the Forms in the Schedule to

this Act annexed, and duly executed and stamped within three Office Days from the Time of making such

Agreement as aforesaid. , . A 4

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties

and Korfeiiures hereby imposed {except where other Provisions are hereby expressly made) shall (if sued for

within the Spare of six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty or Forfeiture being incurn d )

be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the

Lerl’ons or.Persons who shall inform or fucfor the fame within the Lime aforesaid, and which shall and may

