629

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 108.

4 Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs. Given under my

4 Hand and Seal, the Day of '»

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divilion, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where

such Conviction was made, to be filed by Me proper Officer there, and there to remain, and be kept among the

Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, or Place; and no such Conviction shall

be removed by Certiorari or other rrocefsinto any Court whatsoever.

XXXVI. And oe it further enacted, f'hat all Monies arising by the said several Duties by this A&

granted (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time

be paid by the respective Receivers appointed under the respective Commissioners of Taxes and Stamps,

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Lxchequer, and Hull be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated

Fund.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several

Duties before mentioned, or so much thereof as shall be sufficjent, shall be deemed an Addition made to the

Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created

by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the

Space of ten Wars next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches

of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Re-

ceipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said

several Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates

and Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased

Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

T B. Occupier of the Dwelling House situate at do hereby declare. That the

A following Lift contains the true and full Number of Clocks, and Timekeepers used for the Purpose of

Clocks, placed or being within or upon my said Dwelling Huufe, or any Office or Building belonging

theieto or occupied therewith; and the true and full Number and Description of all the Watches, and Time-

keepers worn or used for the Purpose of Watches, which I now keep and wear, or use, or have kept and

worn, or used, since the videlicet,

No. of Clocks.

No. of Gold Watches.

No. of Silver or other Watches.

And I do also further declare. That the following Lift contains the Names of all Persons now dwelling in

my said Dwelling House, Offices, or Buildings, who ought to be assessed to the said Duty, to the btft of my

Knowledge and Belief; and that I have cauled the Contents of the Notice left at my Dwelling House to De

made known to each of them; and that they have severally made the Declaration set oppoiite their respettive

Names, which Names are of their respective Hand Writing; videlicet,

Names. ] No. of Clocks. No. of Gold Watches.

A. B.

c. d.

No. of Silver or other Watches.

CAP.

Convictions to

be kept among

the County

Records, and

not removeable

into any Court.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

Duties, which

for ten Years

are, with othert

granted lor the

fime Purpose,

to be kept fepa*

rate ft om ali

other Monies.

4

