A.D. 1796.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C 4

45i

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Commissioners

Navy, oc any three of them, to demand from the Treasurer or Treasurcrsof any County, Riding, or Divi-

fion, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been paid into the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers,

■ v m a m ^ m ^ M

as

■ I JKm. __________II

so made the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorizxd to give a full Discharge in

pursuance of this Act; and such Monies shall be applied to the Payment of Bounty or Bounties herein di-

rected to be paid, under the Control of the said Com mi (Hone rs, to Volunteers who are entered and rated

ft ft ft / A ft ft i t

sn, such bum or bums of Money as thall have been paid into the Hands of such I reafurer or 1 realurers,

a Bounty or Bounties on account of any Man or Men entering to serve in the Navy in pursuance of

is Act, and to direct the fame to be paid into the Hands of tfv Treasurer of the Navy; for which Payments

| 1 / I f- ft I I* I ft ft % # % It W "X / 1

on board the Ships in which they are intended to serve.

may

duett County

Ticafureis to

pay Moniei re-

ceived ns Coun-

ties to Men en-

tering into the

Navy, to the

Navy, to be applied in Payment of Bounties to Volunteer*.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed, or to be appointed, an

Overseer of any Parish during the Continuance of this Act, shall be of the People called Quakers^ and shall

reglecl or refute to perform the Duties required of Overseers by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for two

Justices of the Peace of the District where such Parish is fuuate, and they are hereby required, in all Cafes

where the Circumstances of the Cafe shall, in their Judgment, render it expedient, by their Order, under

their Hands and Seals, to appoint one or two fit and proper Person or Persons to be Deputy Overseer or

Overseers of such Parish, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and such Persons so

appointed Deputies shall have and exercise all the Powers and Jurisdiction given to Overseers of the Poor by

this Act, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties, and For-

feitures, as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty on Overseers of the Poor appointed by virtue of the

Laws now in Force; and that where an Appointment of any Deputy {hall be so made, the principal Over-

seer (being one of the People called Quakers) shall he, and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of

any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of

such Appointment. -:

LVill. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any’Bountyor Bounties shall have

been paid put of the Rates raised for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, the fame shall be reimbursed by a

Rate specially made under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for any two

Justices of the Peace of the County where such Parish is situate, on the Complaint of any Parishioner that

the Money so paid out of the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor hath not been reimbursed, and they are

hereby required to order and direct the Overseers of such Parish forthwith to make a Rate to rcimburse the

fame.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for

any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next

after the bad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of

Complaint didarife, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may

plead the General Iliue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there-

upon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defend-

ant hath in other Cafes to recover Costs by Law.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

If any Quaker

Hull be ap-

pointed an

Overseer, and

/hall neglect his

Duty, two Juf-

ticcs may ap-

point a Deputy

Ovt. rfecr for

carrying Att

into Execution.

Bounties pa'd

out of the Poor

Kates, to be rc-

imburftd by a

special Rate.

Limitation of

Attions.

General HTue,

Treble Costs.

This Att may

be altered or re-

pealed this Session. Sec port, Chap. *4.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters con-

tained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be used on all

Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Exi-

gencies of the Cafe, and that no Objection shall be made, or Advantage taken, for Want of Form, in any

such Proceedings, by any Person or Persons whatever.

Forms in the an.

nexed Schedule

may be used.

No Objcttion to

be made for

Want of Form.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

FORM of Appointment of General Sejtons.

ftftft'# < f |

To the Justices of the Peace for the County (Riding, or Division) of

WHEREAS it is enacted, by an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the /#7,] and passed on the

, Day of that the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County

i; [or Riding, or Division, as the Cafe way bey) shall, within a Time not exceeding

I 3 N a twenty-

