The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 £*0. III.

11c

I

Foot’s Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of

Maidstone, in the said County; and for making a Road

from the said Road between IVrotham and Maiclftone into

the present Turnpike Road leading from Mereworth to

Hadlow, in the said County.

166. An Act to enable the Commissioners and Trustees for

>g

>fl

of

Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sut-

ton Saint Nicholas otherwise Lutton, all in South Hol-

land, in the County of Lincoln, to support and repair a

certain Bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to

Brother House, in the said County, and to amend and re-

pair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the

Creditors under an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for making and keeping in Re-

pair the said Road.

PRIVATE -ACT S,

Anno 35 Georgti III.

AN Act for naturalizing Peter Dubbeldemuts Van Dyck.

z. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

4

and all other the Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great

Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of Aldridge, in the County

of Stafford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Lands and

Grounds,' within the Parish of bijhamptony in the County

of Worcf/lcr.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or

Common called North Moor, and other Commons and

Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petherton, in the

County of Somerset.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waite

Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stanford Ba-

ron, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or

Waste Lands in the Townships of Prces, Dari font,

Fault, Mickley, Wtllaston, Morton Say, Longford, and

Stanton upon Hincheath, in the County of Salop. /

3- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of Bridge Cqfterton, in the County of Rutland.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Cunkrien.

10. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert IVinzer and

Simon Maurice Bethmann

11. An Act for naturalizing John Van Yzendaorn, an In-

fant, of the Age of twelve Years.

12. An Act for naturalizing Peter Schmidtmeycr.

13. An Act for naturalizing Matthew Wfs.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Downs, and all the Com-

monaole and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish

ot Cold-Act on, otherwise AJIon-Blank, in the County or

Glotuester.

1 $. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Walte

Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County of Flint.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and

Common Fields, ana other Commonable Lands and

» illl /ILL IUI Ufllt Ui ail 111 UlW V^Iiy Ul JL±C7 r

given by JVillidm Brydge* Esquire, for certain Chari

Purposes, and for applying the Money arising by

I

Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterborne Earls, and Al-

ii ngt on, in the County of Wilts.

17. An Act for diyiding, allotting, and inclosing the Whole

Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or

Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within

the Parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the County of

Norfolk.

18. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the City of Hereford,

Charitable

fhch

Sale to the like Purposes.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott

Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle

Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the County of

Oxford.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerset.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

Commons, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Wiggin-

ton, in the County of Oxford.

22. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole

Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of

EaJILcxham and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

monable Places, within the Parish of Great Catworth, ui

the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

monable Places, of Wornditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton,

in the County of Huntingdon.

26. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard

Palmer Esquire, in Sonnitig, in the County of Berks, in

him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Ules in the Will of

his late Father Robert Palmer Esquire, and for settling

other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning a fore said, and

Hurst, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu

thereof, to the fame Ules.

27. An Act for effect dating an Exchange between the Rec-

for of the Parish of Saint Leoyiard, in the County of De-

von, and John Baring Esquire, and also between the Vi-

car of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and

the said John Baring.

28. An Act for vesting the Mansion House called Soddylt

Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

situate in the County of Salop, deviled by the Will of Ro-

ger Jennings the younger, Esquire, decealed, with the

Appurtenances, in Trustees, in Fee Simple in Pofief-

lien, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of the said Will,

and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money toarife

from such Sale.

29. An Act for discharging the Barton of Pcnwerris, and

Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall,

Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Buffet, of Tchidy

Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the fe-

veral Uses, Estates, and Trulls to which the fame now

stand limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands

and Hereditaments, of greater Vaiut, in lieu thereof, to

the like Uses.

h

Ar

