76

C. 32

34-

tricesimo

A.D. 1795.

and Security

thereby required

not to rcland

captured Goods

in Creat Pri; am,

&c. extended

to Alderney.

29 Geo 111.

Cap. 68.

c he given determined by the said recited Act to the Island of Alderney, and to require Security in like Manner that such

4 Goods shall not be landed in the Island of Alderneylie it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That the Security required to be given by the said recited Act shall be, and is hereby directed to be extended

to the Island of Alderney, in like Manner as by the said recited Act it is extended to the Islands therein

mentioned, and that Security shall be given in Double the Value of the Goods intended to be exported in

pursuance of the said recited Act, that the fame shall not be landed in the said Island of Alderney,

IV. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffs and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof

4 Power is given to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any two or more of them, to grant Licences

4 to authorize Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits

4 of the City of Edinburgh: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Excile should have

4 Authority to grant such Licences within and throughout the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at

4 Edinburgh :9 Be it therefore enacted, 1 hat all

Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or

Office of Excise at Edinburgh, or any Part thereof, after the passing of this Act, shall be granted by such

Commissioners, and no other Persons whatever, and in such Manner and under the like Perms, Conditions,

and Payments, as Licences to authorize any Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or deal in Tobacco

or Snuff, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, may be granted by virtue of the said recited Act.

Licence* to

manufacture or

deal in Tobacco

or Snuff, within

the Limits of

the Chief Office

of Excise in

Edinburgh to be

granted by- the Commissioners of Excise.

tnrougnouc the limits os me vmiei unite 01 nxciie at

1 Licences which shall be taken out by any Person or

deal in Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting Annuities tofatisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills. —[28th April 1795.]

<4 Navy or Victualling Bills made out before Sept, 30, 1793, with Interest to March 10, 1795, marked

44 thereon at the respective Offices, carried to the Navy Office by May 1, to be exchanged for Certificates

44 to the Banfc, entitling to 108/. Stock per 100/. Holders of such Bills may deliver them to be so marked.

44 Interest on Bills to be marked upon them, before Delivery at the Navy Office. Treasurer of the Navy

'L40 receive such Bills, mark, and cancel them, and make forth Certificates. Such Certificates to entitle

44 to an Annuity of 5 /. per Dent, per Ann, from Jan, 1, 1795, which shall be Personal Estate, and free

44 from Taxes. Annuities payable out of the Consolidated P und, and irredeemable, till 25,000,000 of the

41 3/. or 4/ f/er Cents, be paid off. Treasurer of the Navy to give a Certificate for the Amount of such

44 Bills and Interest, which may be affigr. before Aug, 29, 1795, and shall be free from Stamp Duties.

44 Guardians may deliver up Bills for Benefit of Infants. Executors, &c. may deliver up Bills in their

44 Possession in Trust, &c. Bank to receive Certificates, and give Credit for 108/. Principal, for every

44 100/. therein, which may be transferred, &c. Bank to appoint an Accountant General. Treasury to

44 order Money to be issued at the Exchequer, for Payment of Annuities. Cashier to pay the fame without

44 Delay. Accountant General to examine the Cashiers Accounts. Annuities to be added to the 5/. per

44 Cents, established by 24 Geo. III. Seff. 2, Cap. 39, 25 Geo. III. Cap. 32. and 34 Geo. III. Cap. 21.

44 Book to be kept for entering 'Transfers. Annuities may be devised. Bank to continue a Corporation

44 till Annuities are redeemed. Penalty for taking Fees for marking Bills, fife. Treasury may reward

44 Persons employed in the Execution of this Act. General Issue. Treble Costs.”

CAP. XXXIII. _ . -

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in thht Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the 25th Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five. [28th April *795.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling the Magistrates, in the several Counties of Great Britain, to raise

and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be

found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty’s Navy.—[28th April 1795.J

After the

passing of this

A& the Levy

of Men to be

made.

Ju ft ices,

Mayors, &c. to

put this Act in

Execution.

* \\7 HEREAS it is necessary that a Supply of Men be forthwith raised in the most fneedy and effectual

4 W Manner, within Great Britain, for the Service of the Navy ;* may it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, within and throughout the

several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports,

Liberties, Parishes, Towns, and Places of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men,

within the Descriptions herein-after mentioned, to serve his Majesty in the Navy, shall be forthwith made

and pur in Execution, according to the Rules and Directions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of every County,

Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, and the Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Magistrates, of every City,

Borough, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or Place, within and throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain,

ftp lb" and they are hereby authorized to put in Execution this Act, within the Limits of their respective

. ’ 1 • Juriididtioi*;

