A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 57>55.

thirty-first Day of December in the second Year after their clearing out, to some Port in Great Britain,

there shall he paid and allowed four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and

arrive within the Times hereinbefore last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of'Oil and Head Matter

taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or

Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or

Vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for ten other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and

cleared out between the first Day of January and the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-nine, and between the first Day 0$ January and the thirty-first Day of December in each

of the fix succeeding Years, and shall double Cape Horn> or pass through the Streights of ATagcllan into the.

South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of four Months to the Westward ot Cape Horn in

those Seas, or shall double the Cape of Good Hope, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of

four Months to the Eastward of one hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not

return to some Port of Great Britain till after the Expiration of sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on

which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first Day of December in the second Year alter their clearing

out, there shall be paid and allowed six hundred Pounds to any one of such Ships or Vessels which shall so

fail and arrive within the Times herein last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter

taken together, being not less in the Whole than thirty Eons, and being the Produce of any Whale or

, Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel

in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward ; and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred Pounds

to each of nine of such Ships and Vessels last-before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the

Times herein last-before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken to-

gether, being not less in the Whole than thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or

other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said

Voyage, either outward or homeward.

V. And, for extending the Limits prescribed in the said Act for the said Southern Whale Fisheries, be

it enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, fitting and clearing out and licensed conformably to the said Act, and

failing to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope for the Purpose aforesaid, may pass beyond fifty-one

Degrees of East Longitude from London \ provided that such Ship or Vessel, after passing fifty-one Degrees

of East Longitude from London, Ifiall not fail or pass to the Northward of fifteen Degrees Southern Lati-

tude, until me shall have failed nr passed to the Eastward of one hundred and eighty Degrees of East

Longitude ; any Thing in the said Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, fitting or clearing out and licensed conform-

ably to the said Act, and failing or passing to the Westward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of

Magellan, for the Purpose aforesaid, may fail or pass beyond one hundred and eighty Degrees of Weft

Longitude from London; provided such Ships and Vessels, when they have passed beyond one hundred

and eighty Degrees of Weft Longitude from London, do not pass to the Northward of fifteen Degrees

South Latitude, until they come within fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London ; any Thing in

the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted. That any Person or Persons, as described in the said Act not exceeding

fonty Families, who shall, on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand eight hundred and

five, come to the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, with his or their Family or Families, and

shall bring any Ship or Vessel, or any Number of Ships and Vessels not exceeding twenty in the Whole,

to the said Port of Milford, built before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight, and manned as directed in the said Act, shall, upon complying with all the Rules, Regulations, and

Conditions contained in the said Act respecting such Person or Persons, be entitled to all the Benefits, Pri-

vileges, and Advantages thereby granted to such Person or Persons, in as full and ample Manner as if such

Person or Persons had come to the said Port on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any Ship or Vessel built before the first Day of January one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-five. *798, to be entitled to the fame Privileges as if they had come b;

787

Premiums anti

Conditions for

xo other Ships«^

Ships ficenfetf

conformably to

the recited Act*

may pass beyond

51 Degrees of

East Longitude

from London ;

and beyond 18a

Degrees of Weft

Longitude from

London, under

certain

tiens.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue.

€

C

until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-six th Tear

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, c An Act for the more effectual Encou«

* ragement of the British Fisheriesf—[21ft June 179#.]

HERE AS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

w

Force from

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, which was to continue in

om the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Term of seven

aOCco. 3. c.Sii

si

4 Years,

