A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 34.

with discharged; and he Regulating Officer {hall, on such Man receiving his Discharge as aforesaid, cause

to be paid to him the Sum of one Shilling for each Day he shall have been so detained in the Service as

aforesaid, over and above such Subsistence as he may have received, and the Cleric appointed by the Justices

or Magistrates shall repay to such Officer (without Fee or other Deduction) the several Sums before paid to

him by the said Officer, and shall give back the Receipts taken as above directed in Exchange for a Copy of

the said Man's Discharge; and in case no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then th- said

Clerk shall, after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the Time that such Man was delivered over as

aforesaid, pay over, without Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, under the

Directions of this ACt, the several Sums deposited in his Hands for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any of the Meetings of the Justices

or Magistrates aforesaid, by this Act appointed, in any of their Subdivisions or Distri&s, they shall not be

attended by some proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Min to be entered by virtue of this Act,

either through Negligence or unavoidable Accident, then and in that Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to adjourn themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are

hereby authorized to give Directions for detaining in Custody all such Men as shall have been brought before

them t>y the Civil or rarish Officers to be examined, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for

his Majesty’s Service; and the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall give Notice to any of the Regulating

Officers attending on this Service, in the District or Place where such Meetings shall be held, of the Day of

such Adjournment, and the said Officer is hereby required either to attend himself, or to appoint some other

Person to attend such Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such Men as the Justices or

Magistrates aforesaid shall deem fit for his Majesty’s Service; and the Officers for receiving the said Men

{half pay to such Person as the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall appoint, six Pence ter Diem for the

Subsistence of every such Man, from the Day of the last Meeting of the justices or Magistrates aforesaid to

the find Day of Adjournment, together with such Charges and Expences as shall appear to the Justices or

Magistrates aforesaid to have been incurred on Account of the detaining the said Men from the Day of the

former Meeting of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to the Day of such second Meeting, not exceeding

one Shilling per Diem for each Man so detained.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other Person

or Persons appointed to attend the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such Men as shall be

entered in such Service by virtue of this Act, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, detain such Men

in (bme secure House or Place which may be provided by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, assembled at

their Petty Sessions, in pursuance of any Order or Orders in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any

two or more of them for that Purpose; but in case no such House or Place shall be provided, then in the

Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, Liberty, or

Place, where such Men shall be received into his Majesty’s Service, or in the House cf Correction, or other

public Prison of such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port,

Liberty, or Place, and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive and safely

keep such Men until they can be removed (without Fee or Reward); and such Keeper shall be allowed the

usual Subsistence of such Men during the Time they remain there, from the Officer determined by whom they shall be

delivered as aforesaid; and the Constables, Headboroughs, or other Civil Officers, shall, if required, be

2Oifting to such Officer in conveying such Man or Men to such Gaol, Place, or House of Correction, and

shall t>c allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums as the major Part of the Justices or Magistrates present at the

Meeting where such Man or Men shall be levied shall appoint to be paid by the Officer or Officers who

shall require such Assistance.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or any^two or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler or

Keeper of any House of Correction or Prison, who shall luster any Person committed to his Custody, in

pursuance of this Act, to escape, or upon High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Constable,

Headborough, Tithingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in the

Execution of any Warrant, Order, or Precept to them, or any of them, directed in pursuance of this ACt,

a Fine not exceeding ten Pounds; and to cause every such Fine to he levied by Distress and Sale of the

OTender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners, and to pay

the said Fine to the Informer or Informers.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or

such of them as shall be present at such Meeting as aforesaid, or any two of them present, shall, and they are

hereby required to certify under their Hands that such Person or Persons is or are duly entered into his

Majesty’s Service, setting forth the Name and Parish or Place of Abode of him or them respectively, if

known, and shall deliver such Certificate, together with such Men, to the said Officers or Persons appointed

to receive them; and the justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall also forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial

to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept by them or their Clerks for that Purpose, of the Names of such

Men, of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place

when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the

Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such

Entries, atrefted by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or any two or more of them, within forty Days

after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty; and every

Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the Copy or Duplicate of any such Entry into the

Office of the Admiralty as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of

79

Regulating

Officer to pay

1 s. per Day to

Men so dif-

charged, during

Detention.

Clerk to repay

M rey paid by

the Officer, See.

Justices may

adjourn Meet-

ings if Officers

do not attend,

and may detain

Persons brought

before them.

Notice of Ad-

journments to

be given the

Officer.

Officer to pay

6d. per Diem

for every Man

for Subsistence

to the Day of

Adjournment,

See.

Men may be

detained in

Places of Secu-

rity.

Gaolers to re-

ceive Men

without Fee,

and to be al-

lowed the usual

Subsistence.

Civil Officers to

assist in convey-

ing Men to

Gaol, See.

Justices may

fine Gaolers,

Constable*, Sec.

for Negictt.

Justices to de-

liver Certifi-

cates of Lntry

of to the

Officer receiv-

ing them.

Names of Men,

See. to be en-

tered in a hook,

and Copies

transmitted to

the Admiralty.

Penalty on

Clerks for

Neglect in

trans.nitting

such Copies.

