Duties in Eng-

land, to be paid

quarterly ;

and in Scotland,

half-yearly.

Commissioners

of the LandTax,

and the Sur-

veyors, A f-

ftflfors, and Col-

lectors, ap-

pointed under

the ACts rela-

tive to the Rates

hereby repealed,

or hereafter to

be appointed, to

put this ACt in

Within the Bills

of Mortality, St.

Mary-Je-Bone,

and Pancras, the

Appointment of

ColleCtorstobe-

long to the Re-

fident Commis-

fioncrsj who

may appoint

Persons having

given Security.

Duties to be af-

fefTtxi and col-

lected as former

Duties, and

others,under the

Management of

tl-.cCommission-

ers of Taxes,Arc.

C. 41. ving Annoying tricesimo oCtavo Georgu III. A.D. 1798.

for riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriage, and upon all other Horses, Mares, and Geld-

ings, and upon all Mules and Dogs kept by any Person or Persons, the several Yearly Rates and Duties

respectively mentioned, described, and set forth, in the several Schedules hereunto annexed; which several

Schedules, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the

fame were incorporated therewith.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted in that Part

of Great Britain called England, shall be paid Quarterly, on the Days hereinafter mentioned ; that is to

say. On the twentieth Day of June for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of April and ending on

the fifth Day of July, the twentieth Day of September for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of

July and ending on the tenth Day of October y the twentieth Day of December for the Quarter commencing

.from the tenth Day of Ofiober and ending on the fifth Day of January, and the twentieth Day of Alarch

for the Quarter commencing from the fifth Day of January and ending on the fifth Day of Aprils in

every Year; the first Payment thereof to be made on the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-eight.

IV. And be it further enacted. That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be paid Half-yearly ; that is to say. On or before the twenty-ninth

Day of September for the Half-year commencing from the Term of IVbitfunday and ending at the Term

of Afartinmas in the same Year, and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of Alarc/j for, the Half-year com-

mencing from the Term of Martinmas and ending at' the Term of fVhitfunday next ensuing ; the first

Payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight. ' v , \ r

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons named or appointed to be Commissioners

for putting in Execution an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to

his Majesty by a Land Taxy for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or who

shall hereafter be named or appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution any other Act or Acts of

Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britaitiy or any Act of the present

or future Session for continuing the fame, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, with relation to

the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and the Powers herein contained, in all and every the Counties,

Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively,

within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the several Surveyors and Inspectprs, Assessors and Collectors

respectively, appointed to put in Execution any of the said Acts, relative tq the said Rates and Duties

hereby granted, and the several Persons who shall hereafter be appointed Inspectprs, Surveyors, Assessors,

or Collectors respectively, by virtue of the Powers contained in the several Acts of Parliament now in Force

relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, (and which Powers are hereby declared to continue

in Force for the Purposes of this AdlJ or by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, or any other Act

passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be Inspectprs, Surveyors, Assessors, and

Collectors, to put in Execution the present Act, with relation to the Duties hereby granted, according to

the Powers given to them respectively by the said Acts, or any of them, (and not hereby altered,) or by

this Act; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons qualified to act in the Execution of any of

the said Acts, shall, and they are hereby refj)edlively empowered and required to do all Things necessary

for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as before men-

tioned, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they, or any of them, are oris authorized to

nut in Execution the said Acts relative to the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, or any Matter or

Thing therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality, the Parishes.of Saint Alary-le-bone

and Saint Pancrasy in the County of MiddleJtXy the Appointment of Collectors of the Rates and Duties

hereby granted, shall belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall reside

in the Parishes for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be two or

more Commissioners there resident, and no other Commissioners shall in such Cafe interfere ; and it shall

be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and residing within the respective Parishes as

aforesaid, to appoint such Persons to be Coiledlors who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the

Churchwardens and Overseers, or Guardians of the Poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or

more of the Vestry, where a Seledt Vellry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by the

said Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office of Collector; and that in Default of appointing

such Persons who shall have given such Security, then the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid shall

name such Persons as they shall think of Ability to execute the said Office: Provided always, that where

two or more Commissioners shall not be jefident in any Parish for which Collectors are to be appointed,

then a Commissioner or Commissioners residing in any adjacent Parish may concur in the Appointment of

such Collectors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall fe-

verally and respectively be afleffid, raised, levied, collected, and receded, in such and the like Form and

Manner, and with such Penalties, P'oifeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods,

and Directions, and with such Exceptions and Exemptions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act or

Acts now in Force for assessing, raising, levying, cdledting, recovering, and paying the Rates and Duties

hereby repealed,.or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aflaurs of Taxes,

9 a*

