0

A.D. 1796. Anno tficefimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 22.

499

Art of present

Session, Cap 3.

< p - CAP. XXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised

in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the fame to be embodied,

in case of NecejJily, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.—[30th December 1796.]

c \ JT7 HEREAS it is expedient that an Act, pasted in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

V V for providing an Augmentation to the Afilitia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein

c direffed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the fame to be embodied, in case of Necessity,f$r the Defence of rec‘tc<*

4 these Kingdoms, should be explained and amended,- in the Particulars after mentioned / May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by - —

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace for any County,

Riding, Division, or Place, within their respective furidliftions, shall have and are hereby veiled with full

Power and Authority, to carry the said Act into Execution in the like Manner and as fully and effectually

as they arc authorized to carry into Execution an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relat-

ing to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any other Act relating to the Militia;

and that in all Cafes where Deputy Lieutenants are empowered by the said Act passed in the present Section

oi Parliament, or this Act, to act in the Execution thereof at any Sub-division Meeting, any Justice of the

Peace of the same County, Riding, or Place, together with one Deputy Lieutenant, may execute the

several Matters and Things required to be done at such Meeting, as effectually as two or more Deputy

Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place. ' ~ -

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the present Section of Parliament as

requires every Person, previoufty to his being enrolled, or permitted to serve, in the Supplementary Militia

of any County, Riding, or Place, to swear that he is a Protestant, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that

it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized to administer the Oath prescribed by the said Act of

the present Session of Parliament, and he and they is and arc hereby required in every Cafe in administering

tile lame, to omit the following Words, videlicet: 4 And 1 do swear, that I atn a Protestant/

Justices may

carry the said

Art into Execu-

tien, as Stat. 26

Geo. Ilf. Cap.

107, or any

other relating to

the Militia.

Where Deputy

Lieutenants arc

empowered to

art by the Act

recited or this

Art, a Justice

and Deputy Lieuttnant may art.

Supplementary

Militia Men not

to be required to

swear they are

Protestants, and

the Person ad-

ministering the

III. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place, or in any Sub-division thereof,

it shall have happened that the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Constables, or

other Peace Officers, have omitted to put the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, into Execu-

tien, by reason that a due Return of the Annual Lifts of Men liable to be ballotted into the Militia raised

by virtue of the said last mentioned Act was not made, or not ordered to be made, on the Day or in the

Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, so that the said Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, cannot be duly executed for Want of such Returns; or if such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, or

Justices of the Peace relatively, have omitted to put the Act of the present Session into Execution, by

neglecting to make out Duplicates of such Lifts which have been returned to them, according to the said

last mentioned Act, or have been prevented from making out the fame; it shall and may be lawful for the

Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace respectively, to execute the Powers contained

in the said Act passed In the present Session of Parliament at any Meeting to be held after the passing of this

Act, whether the Purposes to be executed at such Meeting shall have Relation to the Militia raised under

the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, and to the said Supplementary Militia to be raised under the

said Act of the present Session, jointly, or to either of the said Acts separately, or to meet for that Purpose

at any other Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and from Time or Time, as there shall be Oc-

cafton; and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to meet

and to execute the Powers contained in the said Act passed in the present Session, in such Manner that the

said Supplementary Militia may be raifej without Delay: And it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieu-

tenants and Justices so met, to proceed to execute the said Act on the Returns already made for the Pur-

pose aforesaid; or where no such Returns shall have been made, or the fame shall have befen lost or destroyed,

to order frefti Lifts to be made out and returned, as there shall be Occasion; and where Lifts have been

returned, and any Exemption shall have been claimed, and erroneously, or contrary to this Act, allowed,

it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices respectively, and they are hereby required to

amend the Duplicate of such Lifts, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the present

Session of Parliament, and of this Act; and (where there shall bj Occasion) to order and direct a fresh

Ballot to be taken; and all Acts which might lawfully have been done at any Meeting held on the Days

mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-lixih Year aforesaiJ, and which shall i.avc been done at any other

Meeting held under the said Act, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame Acts had been done on the

Days and in the Manner directed by the said Acts, or either of them; and all such Meetings to be

after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Proceedings of former Meet-

;s, or of (upplying any Dcfeft or Omission in such Proceedings, or of rectifying the feme, or of

q T 2 further

Oath to omit tliofc Words.

Where 16 Geo.

III. Cap 107,

has not been put

into Execution,

because a Return

of Men liable to

be ballotted has

not been made,

or where Dupli-

cates of such

Lifts have not

been made out,

the Powers of

the Art of the

present Session

may be executed

at any Meeting

alter passing

this Art, in such

Manner that the

Supplementary

Militia may be

raised without

Delay.

Depury Lieu-

tenants, See.

may proceed cn

Returns already

made, or where

none are made,

&C. may order

ne w Ones to be

made, out$ and

where Exemp-

tiens have brefi

erroneously al-

lowed, may

amend Lifts,

and dirert fresh

b*dl ts to be

taken, fwC.

