45°

C. 4.

Anno tricesimo feptimo G eorgii III. A.D. 1796.

Tills Act not to

he a Precedent

for diminishing

the Rights of the

Cirv of London.

How Fires ex-

ceeding zc 1.

(except for not

raising the Pro-

portion of Men)

fh*Jl be recover-

;

and how Fines

not exceeding

that Sum.

Offe nders iray

be committed

for Want of

Distress.

Application of

Fines.

such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after

Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, 'That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not be

deemed or conttrucd to be a Precedent on any future Occasion to diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights,

Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty, and

Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the Paid City, are entitled to en-

joy by Prescription, Act of Parliament,'Charter, Usage, or otherwise howsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That ail Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which

shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds (except the Fines to be levied for not railing the Proportion of Men

as herein-before is directed) in ill be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVcJlmirjler, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Walcs>

or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, LancaJ1ery and Durham, (as the Cafe shall requiie,)

wherein no Effbign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed;

and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of

twenty Pounds, {hall, upon Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any two or more Justices of the Peace

of the County or Place where the OfFcncc shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offend-

er’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering the Overplus

(if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and

Chattels shall have been so diffrained and fold ; and for Warn of sufficient Distress such Justices are hereby

required, in all Cafes where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such

Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for

any Time not exceeding three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeit-

ures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid, one Moiety

thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to

him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no OrJer or Conviction made by any Justice or Justices of the

Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever ; and that no Writ

of Certiorari {hall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in

pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings {hall be had and made thereupon ; any such

Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Peace, Treasurers, Clerks of Justices,

at Petty Sessions, Constables, and other Oflicers, who are hereby respectively required to execute this Act

in any of the Particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the fame to the Satisfaction of

the Justices of the Peace, at their respective Quarter Sessions assembled within the said Counties, Cities,

Towns, Cinque Ports, Liberties, and Places herein mentioned, {hall have and receive such Rewards, and

no other (except such Rewards as shall be directed to be paid to any Person for his Pains or Charges in raif-

ing Substitutes as herein-before is directed) for their Care and 'Trouble in and about the executing ihis Act,

and for their respective Expences and Charges in the fame, as the said Justices shall judge the said Officers to

have deserved ; and the said Justices {hall, after Allowance thereof, direct the fame to be paid by the Trea-

surer, or other Officer of such County, out of any Money in his Hands of the County Rates ; and if such

Treasurer or Officer {hall not have sufficient Money in his Hands of the County Rates to pay the fame,

then such Justices shall, and are hereby authorized and required, to make a Rate for the Payment of the

fame, in such Manner and Form as they are authorized by Law to make Rates for the Repair of Gaols or

County Bridges, or any other Purposes for which the Rate commonly called The County Rate is or may by

Law be applicable.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any District, Town, Liberty, or Place, which

is hereby united with any County for the Purposes of this Act, is not liable to such County Rate, then the

said Justices hereby appointed for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, shall, anil they are

hereby authorized and required, jointly to ascertain the Proportions of such Rate which ought to be defrayed

by such Di ft rift, 'Town, Liberty, or Place, according to the Number of inhabited Houses paying Faxes

within the same, and the Amount so ascertained shall be levied within such District, Town, Liberty, or

Place, by the Justices thereof, by a Rate, in the same Manner as any Justices might in a County levy Mo-

ney for County Purposes.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their first Meeting, for the Purposes of carry-

ing this Act into Execution, shall direct, and are hereby required to direct the Treasurer or T reafurers of

the County to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been directed to be paid on account of

Bounty or Fines, in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act

for raijtng a certain Number of Men in the everal Counties in England for the Service of his Mai fly's Nny,

to render an Account (in the Form directed by an Act to enforce the due Execution of the be fore-recited

Act) of all and every Sum and Sums of Money whatever that shall have been paid to the said 'Treasurer or

Treasurers on account of Bounty and Fines as aforesaid, and shall also dtreft the Balance or Residue of such

Bounty and Fines to be forthwith paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the County, and shall also

tkt an Account, tran^m*t the said Accounts to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy.

in the Form directed by 36 Geo. 3. c. 115, of Monies received, and pay Balances, to the Receiver General, and shall transmit the Account to the Navy

Oftkc. *' - J

ihUr ‘ LYL And

No Order to be

removed by

Certiorari, nor

Execution to be

fupcrfcded.

Clerks of the

Peace, Treasur-

trs, Clerks of

Petty Sessions,

Constables, Sec.

to receive such

Rewards as the

Quarter Sessions

shall judge pro-

per, who shall

direct Payment

out of the

County Rates;

and if they shall

be inefficient,

they may nuke

a Rate for the

Payment.

If a Place unit-

with any

County is not

liable to the

C ounty Rates,

the Justices

ftnll afceiuin

the Proportion

which it ou^ht

to pay.

The Justices at

their first Meet-

ing shall direct

County Trea-

furers to whom

Money ftiail

have been di-

rested to be paid

in pursuance of

35 Geo. ill.

Cap. 5, to r»n*

4

