vi The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 Geo, III.

said River at Redstone aforesaid, and for enabling the

Trustees for executing the said Act to rebuild the said

Bridge. f,

109. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament,

passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Mnje/ly

several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Car-

riages with four JVheels; and for explaining and amending

an Act) pa fed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Maje-

as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or

three IVheels therein mentioned, as relates to the additional

Duties upon Coaches with four Wheels, used as Stage

Coaches; and for reducing the Duties upon Carriages

with less than four Wheels, moftiy used in the Affairs of

Husbandry,or for the Purposes of Trade,

no. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Pay-

ment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar ; and /or

permitt'ing the Importation of Su%ar and Coffee into the Ba-

hama and Bermuda //lands, in Foreign Ships; and for re-

ducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any

other than British Ships,

in. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution

an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement

and Relief of Friendly Societies, and for extending so

much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules

and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds

of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to

other Institutions of a charitable Nature.

112. An Act for allowing furtherYTime for Persons to take

out Certificates for uiing or wearing Hair Powder, in

pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on

Certificates issued for using Hair Powdery and also further

Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats,

Barg es, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of

the same Session, intituled, An Act for requiring all Boats,

Barges, and other Vtffelsy of certain Descriptions? used on

Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great

Britain, to be registered,

113. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of felling

Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly licenced.

114. An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass.

115. An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Import-

ation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts

within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the Ea/l India I

Company, in Ships not of British-built, nor registered as

such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Bri-

tain by the fame Ships, under certain Restrictions.

116. An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Conduc-

tien of certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, re-

spedling the Duties of Excise thereby granted on Wash,

Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and

Sweets. I

117. An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed,

and other Seeds used forextrading Oil, from any Coun-

try whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British

Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit. i

118. An Act for charging Warehouse Relit on Wines, in

certain Cafes, secured in his Majesty’s Warehouses ; for

equalising the Duties on Wines exported to India and

China ; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Co-

coa Nuts imported into this Kingdom.

119. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making

of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or

7

any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or

Bran ; and for permitting home-made Spirits, depouted

in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for

Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty.

120. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of

the Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five ; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sef-

fion of Parliament.

121. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act to amtnd an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, 1 An Act for the Encouragement of

4 Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his

4 Majesty's NavyJ and for making further Provisions for

those Purposes ; and also an Act, made in the twenty-first

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more Jpeedj

and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy; and for the bet-

ter Encouragement of Seamen for his Majesty’s Navy.

122. An Act to enable his Majesty, under certain Regula-

tiens, to ered independent Burghs of Barony, in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing cer-

tain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in,Towns

and Villages on the Fishing Coasts of that Kingdom.

123. An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of

Small Debts, and determining Small causes arising out of

Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland.

124. An Act to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in

any Town or Place in Great Britain, \

125. An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by

any future Heir Apparent of the Crown ; and for regu-

lating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when

a separate Establishment shall be made for such future

Heir Apparent.

126. An Act for widening and improving the Entrance

into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a

more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill\ and for

raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of

Money for those Purposes.

127. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of

Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes

and in the Manner therein mentioned.

128. An Act for allowing a further Annuity to the Sub-

feribers to the Sum of eighteen Millions authorized to be

raised for the Service of the Year one thousand (even hun-

dred and ninety-five.

129. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity

on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the

joint Lives of his Majesty and of his said Royal High-

nefs ; for making Provision, out of his Revenues, for

the Payment of any Debts that may be due from his

Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of

Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Ex-

penditure of the said Revenues.

130. An Act for the better enabling his Majesty to make

Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for her Royal

Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of her Life.

131. An Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New

Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the City of London, and

making a new Sewer, instead of the defective Part or

Parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame.

132. An Act for continuing an Act of the fifteenth Year

of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the

Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet

