on

in

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. nr, 112.

on Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, to cause such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or such Deed, so

brought or sent within the Time aforesaid, to be stamped according to the Directions of this Act, which

Stamp shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Duty hereby granted on such Deed,

X. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be to be stamped with

the said additional Stamp, before any Deed or any Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed there-

—(hall be brought for such Purpose, and the Duty for the fame shall be paid at the said Head Office; and

____afe any Deed shall, within sixty Days after the Date thereof, be brought to the said Head Office to be

damped as aforesaid, then the fame shall forthwith, on Payment of the said Duty, be damped with the said’

additional Stamp; and in case any Deed shall, within the Time aforesaid, be brought, and the Duty for the

fame be paid at any* other Office, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, the Officer at such Office

is hereby required to indorse on such Deed a Receipt for the Duty so paid, in Words at Length, bearing

Date on the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and to subscribe his Name thereto, and enter an

Account thereof, in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and forthwith to deliver back the

said Deed to the Bringer thereof; and every such Deed, on being brought to the said Head Office, shall be

forthwith stamped with the said additional Stamp, by the Officer to be appointed for that Purpose: Provided

always, that if the Duty for any such Deed shall not be paid within the said Period of sixty Days before-

mentioned, it shall nevertheless be lawful to bring or fend such Deed to the said Head Office to be stamped

as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of the said sixty Days from the Date thereof, and it (half be

lawful to (lamp any such Deed so brought or sent after the Expiration of the said sixty Days, on Payment of

the Duty hereby imposed, and the further Sum of ten Pounds by Way of Penalty, for omitting to pay the

said Duty within the Period before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Duty hereby imposed, (the neceflfary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt

of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the said Duty by

this Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue

for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge-occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue

of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of

ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the

Public Revenue; and that there shall be kept and provided in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt,

during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty

and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties

granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge

as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, upon any Account whatever.

6-59

brought within

60 Days after

their Date to be

so stampt.

Vellum, &c. to

fce brought to

the Head Of-

fice to be stampt

with the addi-

tional Duty;

and Deeds may

within 60 Day*

after the Dare be

there so stampt;

and if the Duty

be paid at any

other Office,the

Officer to in-

dorfe a Receipt

on the Deed, Sec.

If the Duty be

not paid within

60 Days, the

Deed may be

ment of the Duty and 101. Penalty/

Duty to be car.

ried to the Con-*

folidated Fund.

Appropriation:

of the Duty,

which for 10

Years shall,

with other Du-

ties granted for

the fame Fur—

pose, be kept

separate from

other Monies.

3 2, f - CAP. CXII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.—[19th July 1797.]

c T T 7 HEREAS, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which Acts of Insolvency produce

4 VV to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Prisons and Gaols in

4 this Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty:* Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

time. That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeperor Gaoler of any Prison, in any

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and are here-

by required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every

Person or Persons, who, upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety* seven, was

or were, or at any Time lincc have been, under the T erms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the

Time of making out every such Lift shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any

Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by

reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money;

and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody,

or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Profecu-

tien such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the fame to the Justices of the Peace, at

their first or second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of

this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Division, Town, Place, or Li-

berty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and Mar(hal of the

King’s Bench Prison, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty, shall

severally, on the delivering in or any such Lift of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the

open Court of such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the

LfFcdi following; (that is to say,)

Gaolers te make

out Lifts ol PrU

(oners who, on

Jan. 1, 1797,of

lincc, and at

the 1 ime of

making them

out, were in

Custody for

Debt.

Lifts to be de-

livered to the

Qn arccr St (Ron.

Warden or the

Fleet, Sec. to

take an Oath on

delivering in

Lifts.

‘I J. B.

