ving Annoying tricdimoo&avo Georgii III. A.D. 1797*

e A p. hi. |]

An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act

passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-fixih and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for

prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manu-

facture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

[30th November 1797*]

u 37 Geo. III. Cap.yi) recited, and continued until Alarch 1, 1799.”

CAP. IV. ' • ; V jv.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.—[30th November 1797.]

CAP. V.

Commissioners

of the Tax

Office, &c. to be

afTefTeri in the

District for Of-

fices in Weft-

mi niter H all.

A certain Por-

tien of such Af-

feflments to be

paid to the Col-

lectors for the

District to

which such Of-

fice may be re-

moved. [&* 37

Geo. 3. r, iz8.]

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. [4s. in the^.j

[30th November 1797.J

• Most gracious Sovereign, * ' * Sr

« \T/E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

« W assembled, taking into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for sup-

« porting your Majesty’s Government, and being resolved to supply the fame, have, for that End and Pur-

« pose, cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty

« the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned j and we do most humbly beseech your

«. Majesty that it may be enacted ;* &c.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Cojnmissioners of the Tax Office, and such of their Officers

as are taxable for their respective Offices or Employments under this Act, shall be a Hefted upon this Act in

the District for Offices in Westminster- Hall within the City and Liberty of Westminster, where the Salaries

and other Profits of the said Commissioners and other Officers in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, were assessed, and not elsewhere, so as the full Proportion which was assessed on the said Dif-

trift for Offices in tVcJlminster Hall, be continued to be assessed thereon by virtue of this Act, andfo as any

other Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office has been or may be removed, be not

charged with a greater Proportion in respect of the said Salaries and Profits, or any Part thereof, than it

was in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight : Provided always, that out of the Sum

to be assessed on the said Commissioners, and their said Officers, there shall be paid to the Collectors of die

Land Tax for the Division, District, Parish, or Place, to which the said Office is or may be removed. One-

third Part thereof, and also the Whole of the Land Tax for all additional Commissioners, Clerks, and other

Officers of the Tax Office which shall or may be hereafter appointed and employed, to be applied in Aid of

the Assessment to be laid upon the said Division, District, Parish, or Place, by virtue of this Act.

c a p. vl , *Jj |[ mrm

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh

Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts tofeduce Persons

fervingin His Majesty’s Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to

incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.—[2d December 1797.]

37 Geo. III. Cap. 70, recited, and continued until the Time stated in the Title.”

CAP. VII. V •*5gi

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and rhirty-

seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter 'Thirty-two, on the tenth Day of March, and

the other. Chapter Sixty-onc, on the twenty-fifth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

\ seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the fifteenth and

seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promiftory

Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

* [2d December 1797.]

u 37 Geo. III. Cap. 32 ; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 61 ; and 27 Geo. III. Cap. 1205 recited. Two first-recited

u Acts further continued. Act may be altered or repealed this Session.”

CAP.

