A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Gbo^-mi III.

G. 5 2«

111

in like Manner as in Cafes of Indictments found in any such Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol

Delivery, for Offences committed within such adjoining Counties.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Recognizance which, after the passing of

this Act, dial! be entered into for the Prosecution of any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences

committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate, or within

any Liberty or Franchise, and every Recognizance for the Appearance as well of Witnesses to give Evi-

dence upon any Bill of Indictment to be preferred, or any Inquisition found for any such Offence or Of-

fences as aforesaid, as for the Appearance of any Person or Persons to answer our Lord the King, fur or

concerning the fame, shall be forfeited, if the Prosecutor shall, ten Days previous to the holding of the next

Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, in the next adjoining or other County, give Notice to the

Person bound in such Recognizance to give Evidence upon such Bill of Indictment, or to answer our said

Lord the King as aforesaid, of the Intention to prefer such Indictment, or to remove such Inquisition, in or

into the next adjoining or other County, and the Party bound in such Recognizance shall not appear, pro-

fecute, or give, or be ready to give. Evidence at such Court; but if the Person bound in such Recogni-

zance, after Notice as aforesaid, shall appear at such Court of the next adjoining or other County, prose-

cute, give, or be ready to give. Evidence on such Indictment before the Grand Jury, and on the Trial

thereof, or on the Trial of such Inquisition, then the said Recognizance shall be discharged in such and the

like Manner as if the Person bound in such Recognizance had complied with the Terms thereof.

VI. Provided also, T hat in case the Person or Persons who shall enter into such Recognizance or Re-

cognizances as aforesaid, cannot be found, and such Notice as aforesaid be left at his, her, or their last

Place of Abode, ten Days previous to the holding such Sessions as last aforesaid, the fame shall be as good

and effectual as if the fame were left with the Person or Persons who shall enter into such Recognizance or

Recognizances; and that no such Recognizance shall be estreated or returned into the Court of Exchequer

until the next following Section of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery to beholden for such next

adjoining County, in order that such Recognizance or Recognizances may be discharged, in case the Person

or Persons who shall have entered into the fame shall shew to such Court of Oyer and Terminer or General

Gaol Delivery sufficient Cause for discharging the fame.

x . » Sessions for the adjoining County

VII. And be it enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, before whom

any such Recognizance or Recognizances as aforesaid shall be entered into, or by whom any Examination

or Deposition shall be taken, touching any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby

required to return the fame to the next Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for such

next adjoining County as aforesaid, upon such Prosecutor or Prosecutors as aforesaid leaving at the Dwelling

Houseor other Place of Abode of the Person or Persons before whom such Recognizance or Recognizances

shall be entered into, or by whom such Examination or Deposition shall be taken, ten Days before the

holding of any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for such next adjoining or other

County as aforesaid, Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to prosecute such Indictment or In-

quisition at such last-mentioned Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for any Offence

or Offences committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate; and that after the Delivery as

aforesaid of any of the said Notices, it (nail not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prefer any Bill or

Bills of Indictment, or to return any Inquisition, for any Offence or Offences mentioned in the said Re-

cognizances, or any of them, at or to any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for

the County of such City or Town Corporate.

any City or Town Corporate. After such Notice, Bill> shall not be preferred, Sec. at any Sessions for the County of the City or Town Corporate.

.VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes of Indictments, and other

Proceedings, which may be tried before his Majesty’s Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol

Delivery (or any County, in pursuance of the Pruvitions contained in this ACt, it shall and may be lawful

for such Justices to order the Expences of the Prosecution, and of the Witnesses, and of the several Rewards

payable in pursuance of the Statutes in such Cafes made and provided on the Conviction of Offenders, to be

paid by and to the fame Persons, and in the same Manner, as the lame would be payable if such Indictment

had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery of the County of such City or

Town Corporate.

Recognizance!

entered into for

Prosecution of

Persons for Of-

fences commit-

ted within the

County of any

City or Town

Corporate, &c.

to be forfeited,

if the Parties,

on Notice of

Intention to

prefer Indict-

ments in the

next adjoining

County, do not

appear, Scc.

Notice left at

the Abode of

Recognizors

who cannot be.

found, to be

effectual.

Recognizances

not to be tf-

treated until the

next following

Persons before

whom such Re-

cognizances

shall be entered

into, See. to re-

turn them to the

next Court of

Oyer and Ter-

miner for the

next adjoining

County, upon

Notice of In-

tention to pro-

fecute at such

Sessions for any

Offence com-'

mitted within*

the County of

Justices of Oyer

andTernnner

for the adjoin-

ing County may

order the Ex-.

penCcs of Pro.

fecution, Sec.

to be paid, as-if

the lndLAment

bad been tried in the Court of the County of the City or Td&n Corporate.

IX. And be it rurtner enacteu oy the Autnoncy aroreiaiu, 1 nac, rortnerurpoies or this Act, the county - 7 T,

of York shall be considered as the next adjoining County to the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; bounty

the County of Northumberland as the next adjoining County to the County of the Town oi Newcastle upon Kingitc

Tyne* Huil* a

IX. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the County Yorfetobe con-

" . ... r 11 -I___- J‘ _ —/■»_ __________ r ^t_ _ 't* e zr n . rr n fidcred as next

to

Kingston upon

Hull, and

Northumberland as next to Nfewcaftlc upon Tyije.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Cities of A&nottoex-

London and IVeJlm'ir.fter, or the Borough of Southwark, or the City or County of the City of Bristol, or the

City or County of the City of Chester, or to the Criminal Jurisdiction of the City of Exeter and County of

the fame City, unless in Cafes of Indictment removed into his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench by Writ of

Certiorari, from any Court of Criminal Jurisdiction, within the said Cuy or County of the said City of Exeter.

- " ‘ XI. Pro-»

tend to certain

Places 5

