A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. xv, xvi, xvii.

923

ci

c<

Cl

paid by Persons entering into the Company after having commenced Business two Years, to be increased

after the Rate of 1 A 10s. per Annum, from the End of such two Years to the Time of their entering.

The Company may admit other Persons therein, on Payment of a Fine, not less than 25 A Company

Pi

not to compel any Person to enter.*

Cap. xvi.

Ci

Ci

Ci

Ci

Ci

ii

ii

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in

the Town and Port of Hythey and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and pre-

venting Nuisances and Annoyances therein.—[5th April 1798.]

. «) Cap. xvii. .. . -

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the

Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act pafl’ in the

thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which is now expired.*—{7th May 1798.]

4C Recital of the former Act of Incorporation, 13 Geo. 3. c 38. That the Company expended their Ca-

pital of 60,000 A in establishing the Manufactory ; and borrowed 67,535/. 8 r. more for carrying on

4t the fame. The Company compelled to fell their Property for Payment of their Debts. The Purchase

made for the Benefit of several Persons who carried on the Manufactory under the Act until its Expira-

tien, and since as a private Company. That the Mam.fadory is beneficial to the Public, and it is

expedient that the Proprietors should be incorporated for a limited Term. The present Proprietors

incorporated and enabled to hold Lands and Tenements not exceeding 10O0A per Annum. The Pro*

perty of the present Company veiled in the new Corporation. Capital not to exceed too,000 A in-

cluding the present Property. Interest to be paid till Profits can be divided. Proprietors to vote at

4C Meetings according to the Number of Shares held by each, in Person or by Proxy. If two or more

“ Persons shall jointly hold Shares, the first named shall vote. If Votes are equal, Amount of Property to

u decide; and in case of Equality of Property, the Chairman to have a calling Vote. At the first General

Meeting a Governor and Deputy Governor shall be appointed. General Meetings to be held annually,

on the (econd Tuesday in March. Qualifications of Governor thirty Shares* Deputy Governor twenty

<c Shares, and Committee Men ten Shares. If the Governor, Deputy Governor, or any Committee Man

shall die, resign, &c. another to be chosen. No Choice of Governor, Deputy Governor, or Com-

4C mittee Man, but by seven or more Members having a Right to vote in respect of 200 Shares. If Go-

44 vernor and Deputy Governor shall both be prevented attending General Meetings, the Committee Man

4< possessed of the larged Number of Shares to preside. Proprietors at General Meetings may settle Ae-

4C counts. Company may make Bye Laws, tAc. at their General Meetings. Weekly Meeting of the

“ Committee every Tuesday (or other Day appointed by a General Meeting) ; three mud be present.

46 Quellions to be decided by a Majority, the Governor, &c. having in all Cafes of equal Division a

44 cading Vote. Committee to be subject to the General and Special Meetings. Special Meeting of the

44 Proprietors may be convened by the Committee or five Proprietors. Orders and Refolutionsof General

“ and Special Meetings, &c. to be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Books, and all

ci Accounts, iffc. of the Company, to be open to the InspeClion of the Proprietors. Shares may be fold.

“ Form of Transfer of Shares ; and an Entry made thereof in the Company’s Books. No Proprietor in

44 this Corporation to hold any Intered in any other Plate Glass Manufactory*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of

the said Corporation hereby condituted, or any Deed or Writing under their Common Seal, or shall de-

mand any Money in pursuance of such forged or counterfeited Deed or Writing, either from the said Cor-

poration, or any Members or Servants thereof, knowing such Writing to be forged, with Intent to defraud

the fame Corporation, or any other Person or Persons whomsoev^r, every Person so offending, and being

convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as a Felon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, break

into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building, or by Force enter into any House,

Shop, Cellar, V?ult, or other Place or Building belonging to the said Manufactory, or wherein the fame

shall be then carrying on, with Intent to deal out, break, or otherwise destroy any Glass, wrought or un-

wrought, or any Materials, Tools, or Implements used in, for, or about the making thereof, or any

Goods or Warts belonging to the said Manufactory, or shall deal, or wilfully or maliciously cut, break,

or otherwise destroy any such Glass, Materials, Tools, or Implements, every such Offender, being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years, or shall

be adjudged to suffer such less Punishment as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be

tried, shall think fit to award. f JB

44 Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by Didrefs, for the Use of the Corporation. Limitation

of AClions six Months. Treble Costs. C<

<4 sent of a Majority confiding of seven hundred Shares, on fi;

' 6 C 2

■poration may dissolve themselves, by C01

Months Notice in the Gazette, paying

44 Dch

Forging the

Company'sSeal,

kc. made Fe-

lony.

Stealing or de-

Aroying the

Glass,Materials,

or Tools, Felo-

ny, punishable

by seven Years*

Transporution,

or such less Pu-

nilhment as a

Court shall

award.

