A.D. 1795.

tricesimo quinto

C. 27.

53

for the Families of P erf ns chosen by Lot to serve in the ATilitia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes f ruing

therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty's

Reign% intituled, 4 Act Aft for amending, and reducing' into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

4 Militia of that Part c/'Great Britain called England and also in an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, 4 An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chcfen by Lot to serve in the ATilitia of this Kingdom,

1 and of Substitutes serving therein ; and to explain and a?nend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty sixth

4 Year of his present ALajcJly, intituled, 44 An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the

u Laws relating to the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England and also an A&, made in the

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, shall be deemed to extend to the

Families of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men, of the said Militia.

XX. And, in order that the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia may have the Relief directed

in and by the said Acts of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of

his present Majesty, be it further enacted, That the Aldermen, or Deputy, and Common Council Aden,

of each of the said Wards, or the major Part of them, shall divide the Quota of Men to be raised in each

Ward amongst the Parishes within such Ward, and specify for which Parish each Man serves, in order that

the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish may be resorted to for defraying the Expences

of providing for the Families of such Persons serving in the Militia as may become entitled to Relief, in

Manner as by the said Adlsare directed ; and every Person serving in the said Militia shall be considered,

with respe£I to such Relief, as a Substitute serving in the Militia of any of the Counties of this Kingdom ;

and in case the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of either of the said Wards, or the major

Part of them, shall omit or neglect to divide the Quota of Men among the Parishes in such respe^ive Wards,

the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to make such Divilion for such

Ward or Wards, and to order the Parish for which such Persons shall be allotted to serve to be entered upon

the Roll herein-before directed to be provided, as well as the Name of every Person to be inrolled as herein-

before is mentioned.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for the Time being to be ap-

pointed by the said Commissioners shall defray the Monies directed to be paid by the Order of any Justice of

the Peace, for the Relief of the Families of the said Militia Men, instead of the Chamberlain of the said City;

and that the said Treasurer shall have the fame Remedy over against the Churchwardens or Overseers of the

Poor for the Parish for which the Militia Man whose Family is relieved shall be allotted, for Re-payment of

the Money, as the Chamberlain of the said City would have under or by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament,

or either of them ; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutants appointed, or to be appointed, to the said Militia,

who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Services? shall be entitled to the fame Provision

as is allowed to other Adjutants of Militia by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, keginning with the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia \ and

that any Person being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelfiea, at an Allowance of twelve Pence a Day,

and being appointed to serve in the said Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of twelve Pence a

Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia, in like Manner as in other Militia Forces; and any Person

who (hat! have served as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia, who shall be discharged for

Age or Infirmity, shall, on a Recommendation from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he

belongs, and the said Commissioners, be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelfiea Hospital with the Serjeants,

Corporals, and Drummers, of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices of the

Peace morefqfc in the Execution of their Office ; and for indemnifying Constables and others aft in g in Obedience

to their IFar rants* shall extend to the said Mayor and Aldermen, and also to his Majesty’s said Cornmif-

(ioners, and the Assessors acting in the Execution of this Act, or any other which relates to the said Militia, in

like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as the fame extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution

of their Office. j

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

immediately after the passing of this Act, to hold such General Courts, and to issue such Precepts, for the

Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner as is herein-before directed to be done at the

Annual General Courts.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall

notdiminifh or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor

and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said

City, or of the Suburbs and Liberties of the fame, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precincts

thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament,

Cnarter, or Usage; but the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and the Freemen, Citizens, and

Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and Angular the said Rights, Liberties,

Usages, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if

this Act had not been made*.

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 47 j and

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 16, to ex-

tend to the Fa-

milies of City

Militia.

The Aldermen,

See. to divide the

Quota of Men

amongst the Pa-

ri flies, and spe-

cify for which

each serves, that

the Parish Of-

ficers may be re-

sorted to for de-

fraying the Ex-

pences of their

Families. See.

Treasurer to pay

Monies for Re-

lief of Families

of Militia Men,

See.

Adjutants to

have the fame

Allowance as

those of the

other Militia 5

and Serjeants,

&c. entitled to

the Funcfit of

Chelsea Flofpi-

fal.

24 Geo. IT.

Cap. 44 > to

extend to tiic

Mayor, Aider-

men, Sc c.

CommifiToners,

after passing this

Act, may hold

General Courts,

Sc c.

Act not to pre-

judice the Rights

of the City.

XXVI.

