53°

C

45

tricesimo feptimo

A.D. 1797

or Obligations aforesaid, or by reason of such as may be issued on or before the passing of this Act: Provided

always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Holders or

such Bills, Notes, or Obligations, at any Time from demanding and receiving Payment ocreol from the

Person or Persons* Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have issued, or may, until the passing oi this Act,

issue the fame. — , .. r ,

Continuance of HI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the fifteenth Day of May one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer j and shall be deemed and taken to be a Public

A6h

IV’. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Act.

Act may be al-

tered or repealed

this Session.

(* 7*>

137*J

CAP. XLI.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers*

[24th April 1797. J

* {Antt> e. 33.) Mutiny Act* recited. Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers to allow 10 d. per Diem for Diet and

44 Small Beer in Quarters in England; and for Articles which havfc been furnuhed gtatn in lieu thereof,

2d. per Diem to be allowed, for Horses quartered, 10d. zq• per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw.

So much of recited Act as relates to furnishing with Diet Non-commilhoned Officers and Soldiers on

a March, or recruiting, repealed. Regulation with respect to dieting Non^ommissioned Officers and

44 Soldiers on their March. When halted on a March, Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers entitled

44 to Diet and Small Beer as after arriving at their Destination: And if such Halting be only for a Day after

44 Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be ditcontinued. Regulations re-

44 spefting Recruiting Parties and Recruits on their March. This Act to continue till 25th Alarch 1798.

u

It

tt

CAP. XLII.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

+ 18 Geo. 31 intituled, An Act for pavings cleanfm%, lightings and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for

79» removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob/lrufiionsj and Annoyances therein j and for continuing the

Term of certain Foils by the said Act granted.—[24th April 1797.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for building a New Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel> in the County of

Devon.—[24th April 1797.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-third \ ear of the Reign of

% 33 Geo. 3. his present MajestyJ, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in

* the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obitruftions, and Annoyances

therein.—[24th1797.J

CAP. XLV.

•

An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restriction contained in

the Minute of Council of the twenty-fijeth of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.—[3d May 1797.]

Minute of Privy 4 T T WHEREAS, by Minute of his Majesty’s Privy Council, made on the twenty-sixth Day of February

Councilor Feb. 4 VV one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, upon the Representation of the Chancellor of the

16,1797, re- c Exchequer, (fating, that, from the Result of the Information which he had received, and of the Enquiries

,ite * * which it had been his Duty to make respecting the EfFeft of the unusual Demands for Specie that have been

4 made upon the Metropolis, in consequence of ill-founded or exaggerated Alarms in different Parts of the

4 Country, it appeared, that unless some Measure was immediately taken, there might be Reason to appre-

4 hend a Want of a sufficient Supply of Cash to answer the Exigencies of the Public Service ; it was declared

4 to be the unanimous Opinion of the Board, that it was indifpeniably necessary for the Public Service,

4 that the Directors of the Bank of England should forbear issuing any Cash in Payment until the StnJe

4 of Parliament could be taken on that Subject, and the proper Measures adopted thereupon for main-

4 taining the Means of Circulation and supporting the Public and Commercial Credit of the Kingdom at

4 this important Conjun£ture; and it was ordered, that a Copy of the said Minute should be transmitted to

4 the Directors of the Bank of England, and they were thereby required, on the Grounds of the Exigency

4 of the Cafe, to conform thereto until the Sense of Parliament could be taken as aforesaid: And whereas,

* in pursuance of the said Minute, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, havo, since the

4 said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, forborne to issue Calli in

* Payments, except for Purposes for which the Issue of Calli was deemed unavoidable j and it is necelflary

1 that

