V

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 Geo. III.

fi

84- An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the bet-

ter Regulation of Laftage and Ballaftage in the PJver

Thames. 1 v. * -

85. An Act for making and extending a Navigable Cut from

the Town of IVatford, in the County of Hertford) to the

Town of Saint Alban, in the feme County.

86. An Ato explain, amend, and render more effectual,

the several Acts, of the sixteenth and seventeenth of King

Charles the Second, and of the seventh of his present Ma-

jesty, relating to the Navigation of the River ltchin, in

the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navi-

ition thereof, 3nd for ascertaining the Rates of Carriage,

iverage, and Wharfage, payable thereon.

87. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the

Alerfey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the County of

Stafford, to the Town o{ Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the

said County.

83. An Act to remedy certain Orr.i(lions in an Act, passed

in the Lft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the

Discharge of certain Jnfobuent Debtors,

89. An Act for malting perpetual an Act made in the thirtieth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue

the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines

and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors,

there used in the Distillation of Spirits ; and for regu ating

the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England 10

Scotland) and from Scotland to England, to continue so

much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, as permits Sir IVilli am

Bishop, George Bijhcp^ and Argles Bishop, to carry on

the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make

perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the

twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting

Spirits for Home Consumption.

c;o. An Act for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves

tfi British Vessels from the Coast of

Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Pctiy Chapman ;

and for repealing so much of the said Act as restrains them

from fell ng Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, within a

certain Distance from any City or Market down.

2. An Act fqr. further encouraging and regulating the

Southern Whale Fitbcrics. r

*3- An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends

on a Loan ot four millions six hundred thousand Pounds

ro the Emperor of Germany. ;

14. An ACt for establishing a more easy and expeditious

.Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the

Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to his Ma-

• » XT S

jcity s*Navy. « r ’ . u t *n

An Act to enable Boatfwains,Gunners, and Carpenters,

Lrving in his Majesty’s Navy, to allot Part of their

Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and

Kamilies. '

j5. Air Act for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for

Want of hail, in certain Cafes relating to the Public Re-

venue. , . • r f t

^7- An Act to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a

new Method, shall be deemed 'Panned Hides and Skins

v, »uhin the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of

L> .iecn Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain.

pg* An ACt for allowing further Time for the Payment of

the Dravdttck onCbtna Ware, imported by the East In-

Company before the first Day of April one thousand.

and ninety-five.

<31. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better

& A

99. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

. Deeds and Wills made by Papifis, and for Relief of Pro~

lestant Purchasers.

100. An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined

Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in

Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in

Amity with his Majesty, for a limited Time.

101. An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons, until

they shall become actually chargeable.

102. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Ufc

of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances'.

103. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance

of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or near Painfhill,

in the several Parishes of Cobham, JValion, and JVtfley%

in the County of Surrey, to George Chambcrlaine Esquire,

George Bond Esquire, one of his Majesty’s Serjeants at

Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes Baronet, of the Kingdom of

Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Ben-

jamin Bond Hopkins Esquire, deceased, of and concern-

ing his Estate at Painfljillaforesaid.

104. An ACt for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and

Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Pof-

sessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospitals of Edward

King of England, the Sixth, of Chri/l, Bridewell, and Saint'

Thomas the ApcJUe, and other the Governors of Chri/Ps

Hospita!\ to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging

Christ's Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and ered-

ing additional Buildings thereto, and for-other Purposes.

105. An Act for improving and supporting the Navigation

of the River Iyel> otherwise Tco, from the Town of

Ivelchcfler to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish

Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a

Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called

Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the fame

County, and for making the said Drain navigable from

thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge

in the Town of Langport.

106. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual

an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aol to explain, amend).

and enlarge, the Powers of so much of two ASls, faffed in

the eleventh and fifteenth Tears of the Reign of his present

Majesty) for improving and completing the Navigation of

the Rivers Thames and.llis, from the City of London

to the Town cf C.ricklade, in the County of Wilts, as re-

lates to the Navigation of the said Rivei s, from the Boun-

dary of the furijdighon of the C.ty cf London, near

Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said TovJn cf

Cncklade ; and for extending and enlarging the Powers

of the said several Acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth

Years of the Reign of his said present Majesty, so far as

the fame relate to the improving and completing of the

Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the

City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex,

to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of IVilts.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing,4 draining,

and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds

'within the several Parishes of Hepworth, Herxey, Belton,

and Oiiflon, in the Hie of Axholme, in the County of

Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the

Tithes arising from the said Commons, and from certain

other Lands within the said Parishes.

108. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

'An Act for building a Bridge aeross the River Severn, near

Redftone, in the County of Worcester^ and for making

proper Avenues and Roads to and frotn the fame% and for

making Satisfaction to the Proprietors cf a Ferry ccross the

* - ' fold

o'

