Makers of Com-

mon Glass Bot-

tles to alter

Locks, Arc.

when required

by the Surveyors

or Supervisors

of Excise, on

Penalty of iool.

Makers deliver-

ing Declaration,

to give xa Hours

Notice of

Intention to

beat Annealing

Arches.

Officers to at-

tend to unlock

them.

If Fires be not

lighted within

an Hour, the

Officers to lock

up the Arch,

and fresh Notice

to be given.

Bottles, when

blown, to be

removed into

the Annealing

Arch, and

placed as the

Officers ill all

approve j and

Bottles of dif-

ferent Makings

rot to be put at

the fame Time

therein, or any

other Sort of

Glass, on Pe-

nalty of 501.

The Whole of

Metal intended

to be manufac-

tured into Com-

mon Glass

Bottles to be

worked within

16 Hobrs after

beginnirg to

work it from

Potsj

C. 114. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

longer.Space of Time than twenty-four Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the Time when the

fame shall have been opened by the proper Officer of Excise; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, at the End and

Expiration of such twenty-four Hours, securely to lock, fallen, and seal such Annealing Arch or Oven,

and the Mouth, Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any-

wife notwithstanding. . /

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Locks, Keys, or Fallenings

shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, all and every Maker and Makers of Common Glass Bottle, and

other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to whom such Locks, Keys, and Faftenings respective-

ly shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when

required so to do by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors ol Excise of the Divilion or District in which

his, her, or their Glass House shall be situate, immediately let about the altering, repairing, and amending

and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend, the lame reflectively,

according to such KequiGtion; and if any such Maker or Makers of Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vef-

fels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and Faftenings, or any or

either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or

amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the fame, when thereunto required according to the Di-

rections of this Act, he, fnc, or they shall, for each and every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the

Sum of one hundred Pounds. SHw

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Maker or Makers of Com-

mon Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Meal, having delivered such Decla-

ration as aforesaid, shall be desirous to light, kindle, or prepare any Fire to heat his, her, or their Anneal-

ing Arch or Oven, into which any Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle

Metal, are intended to be put or de polite d, for the Purpose of annealing the fame, such Maker or Makers

shall give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, twelve Hours Notice

in Writing of his, her, or their Intention , and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the

Time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth

or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to light,

kindle, or prepare such Fire, within one Hour after such Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or En-

trance, and iron Grating thereof, shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such

Officer shall again, immediately after the Expiration of such one Hour, lock up, fallen, and seal, such An-

nealing Arch and Oyen, and the Mouth or Entrance, and the Iron Grating thereof, in Manner aforesaid ;

and such Maker and Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer, before such

Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, shall be again opened.

XII. And be it further enacted' by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such De-

claration as aforesaid, shall, when and lo soon as the lame shall be severally and respectively blown or made*

remove all and singular the Common Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils of Common Bottle Metal,

by him, her, or them so blown or made, directly into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens*

and shall there place and deposit the fame in such Manner and Form as the Officer or Officers of Excise, un-

der whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, shall approve, and so that the fame may the moll

eafilyand securely be viewed, inspected, and examined, and the Numbers and Kinds thereof respectively

ascertained in each and every such Annealing Arch or Oven; and no such Maker or Makers shall, at one

and the fame Time, pur, place, have, or keep, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven, any Common Bot-<

ties, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, of different Makings, or h illings or Chargings

of the Pots, nor shall any such Maker or Makers put, place, or keep any other Sort or Species of Glass or

Glass W7ares whatever, or any Phials, in any such Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for tho

annealing of Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal; and if any such

Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to remove, when and so loon as the fame shall be blown or made*

any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils respectively of Common Bottle Metal, by him, her,

or them made, directly into such Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, or to place or deposit

any such Common Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils, in Manner and Form as aforesaid, or if any

such Maker or Makers shall, at one and the fame l ime, put, place, or keep in any such Annealing Arch

or Oven, any Common Bottles, or other Veflelsor Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, of different Mak-

ing, or Fillings or Chargings of the Pots, or put, place, have, or keep, any other Sort or Species of

Glass or Glass Wares whatever, or any Phials, in any Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made use of for

the annealing of Common Glass Bottles, or other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, every

such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of

fifty Pounds. . ’ . . _ S

XIII. And be it further enacted by*the Authoeity aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Common Glass Bottles, or of other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, having delivered such

Declaration as aforesaid, and having begun to work any Common Bottle Metal from or out of any Pot or

Pots, shall, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, continue to work such Common Bottle Metal

out of all and every the Pots then charged in such Glass House or Building, 2nd shall proceed therein until

the W'hole of the Metal by him, her, or them intended to be manufactured shall be worked out of all such

Pots, and shall finish such working out thereof within sixteen Flours next after such Maker or Makers shall

so have begun to work out the fame; and when and so soon as such Metal shall have been so worked out as

S aforesaid.

