221

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 125.

Places to his, her, or their last legal Place of Settlement, by virtue of any Law now in being relative to

the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become adhmlly chargeable to such Parish or

Place; and if any such Woolcomber, or the Wife or Child of any such Woolcomber, shall be sued, im-

pleaded, or indited, in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom, for uiing or exercising any such Trades

as aforesaid, then the said Woolcomber, or the Wife or Child of any such Woolcomber, making it appear

to the fame Court where they are so sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they have served a legal Apprentice-

ship to the said Trade of a Woolcomber, as aforesaid, or that he, (he, or they is or are the Wife or Wives,

Child or Children, of such Woolcomber or Woolcombers who shall have so served a legal Apprenticeship as

aforesaid, shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found Not Guilty, in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or

Indictment exhibited against them; and such Persons who notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the

said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and shall have a VerdiS pass against him, or become

nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Woolcomber, or

the Wife or Child of such Woolcomber respectively, Double Costs of Suit; to be recovered as any other

Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Juries before whom any such Suit, Infor-

mation, or Indictment, shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this pre-

sent AR, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom, or Provision, to

the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or

more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any such Woolcomber, or his Wife or

Child, shall (et up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause him or her to be summoned before them in

the Town or Place where he or she shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath

of the Place of his or her last legal Settlement, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to ad-

minister,) and such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, is hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to

make Oath accordingly ; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit

fomade before them to (he Person making the same, in order that he or she may produce it when requir-

; which attested Copy shall, at any l ime, be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement,

before any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace: Pro-

vided always, that in case any such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, shall again be summoned to make

Oath as iiforesaid, then, on such attested Copy of the Oath by him or her formerly taken being produced

by him or her, or by liny other Person on his Behalf, such Woolcomber, or his Wife or Child, shall not

be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his or her legal Settlement, but shall leave a

Copy 0? such attested Copy of his or her Examination, if required.

III. Provided always. That this Act shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities

of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them ; or extend to give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade

of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities without Licence first had and

obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the fame respectively.

CAP. ‘CXV.

An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the

Crown, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure from the Time when a separate

Hitabliftiment shall be made for such future Heir Apparent.—[26th June 1795.]

m H -r _ * ^ * 1 ^ ,> r < jr , _ * _ * - I -j? • 9 \ 11 A J

4 \r WHEREAS it is expedient toestablifti a regular Courfeof Payment of all just Demands which may

4 VV be hereafter made upon any future Heir Apparent of the Crown, for any Debt to be incurred, and

4 that the Accumulation of Debt may be prevented :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s.most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the Time that a separate Establishment shall be made for any such future Heir

Apparent, the principal Officer or Officers of such Heir Apparent shall, within fourteen Days after such

Lstablishment shall be made, prepare and make out, for the Approbation of such Heir Apparent, a Plan

of his Establishment in distinct Departmentrand Claftes, and in such Order as such Officer or Officers shall

think fit and expedient, together with a Plan of the Salaries and Payments of each Class, and of each indi-

vidual Office therein ; and shall also prepare and make out an Estimate of the Annual Expences of each

distinct Department in such Establishment, one Copy of which Plan and Estimate, after being approved

of by such Heir Apparent, shall be forthwith lodged with the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury,

and another in the Office of the Treasurer, or such principal Officer or Officers for the Time being as shall

fee appointed by such Heir Apparent, and another with the Clerks of the twoHouses of Parliament respec-

tively: And that, from and after the first Quarterly Day for the Payment of the Revenue so established as

aforesaid, all Distwrfements which shall be made out of such Revenues for any of the Purposes aforesaid,

shall be made by such Treasurer or principal Officer or Officers in the Order specified in such Plan and

Estimate, and no other; for which Diiburfements to be made in the Order so specified, such Treasurer or

principal Officer or Officers for the Time being shall be responsible and liable to answer the Damages to the

Party grieved: Provided nevertheless, that if it shall at any Time be necessary or expedient to alter the

said Plan of Establishment or Estimate of Expences as aforesaid, it shall and rx\py be lawful for such prin-

Officer or Officers, being directed so to do by such Heir Apparent, to state such Alteration as may

be thought necessary to be made therein ; and if the fame shall be approved of by such Heir Apparent, such

#^ttrauon3 so made in such Plan of E.ftabliihment or Estimate of Expences, shall be lodged as is herein-before

? 7 mentioned

until they be-

come chargeable.

Persons sued

proving their

Apprenticeship,

&c. to be found

Not Guilty.

Double Costs.

Judges, &c. t*

notice this A3.

/ I

Justices may

summon Wool-

combers to

make Oath-of

their legal Set-

tlement.

Copy of Affida-

vit to be given,

which shall be

Evidence, &c.

A3 not to pre-

judice the Uni-

verfities.

When a fepa-

rate Ertahlish-

ment shall be

made for any

future Heir

Apparent, his

principal Officer

to make out a

Plan of Efta-

blishment, &c.

All Disburse-

ments from the

Revenues to be

made by the -

Treasurer, for

which he shall

be responsible,

Plao may be

altered.

