920 C. i—vii. Anno tricesimo odavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

v - - J.\ - , - v . Cap. u #

An Act to amend two Acts, made in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Ma-

31 Gee. 3. jesty for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of

the I Ctrl) of Southampton.— fioth December 1,707.]

33GCO.3.0.101. . 1 J

g ' y Cap. ii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several A els, one pasted in the twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second f, and the other in the sixteenth

Year of His present Majesty %, so far as the fame relate to repairing the Road from Tadcajlcr to Holton

Dyaly in the Weft Riding of the County of York.—[ 12th January 1798.]

■f c. 22.

} c. Sa.

Cap. iii. *}' >

An Act for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery, established under the Authority of an

§c. 133. Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign §, intituled, An Act forenabling

Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings y as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet-

Street, by Way of Chance.—[23d February 1798. J

/

\

C. 53. and fee

1 Geo. 2* c. 4.

24GCO. 2. C 14.

Cap. iv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made ami passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seven-

reenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Lttdty

through Harcivoody to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate% and from thence in two

Branches (one through Ripley over Eurage Greeny and the other through Knaresborough and Borough-

bridge) to Ripony and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moory in the

County of York ; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the fame relate to the

Road leading from the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to

£oroughbridge.—[gth March 1798.] H

Cap. v. v. ,

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty ||, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond’s

Eau and Somerftiam Bridge; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the

Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and a If0 the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through

Needing worth, to Earith, in the County ^/Huntingdon.—[9th March 1798.]

/

-Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers of two Acts respectively made in the'twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Becky with a Branch from the fipd Road,

upon Cajllefowerly Pasture, to Caldbecky all in the County of Cumberland.—[5th April 1798.J *

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an A&, passed in the seven-

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place

called Crouch Hilly in the Parishi of Henjieldy to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to

Cuckjieldy and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchlingy"in the County

of Sussex'y and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hu'fiper-

pointy to the Marie Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County.—[5th April 1798-]

