3 2

The following

additional Du-

t.es to be paid,

viz.

For every Gal-

lon of Wash

made in England

from Grain, for

Home Con-

fumption, not

made into Spirit

For every Gal-

lon from other

Bricifh Mate-

rials, id.

For every Gal-

lon from Mc-

laflts or Sugar,

id. z q.

For every Gal-

lon from Fo-

reign Materials,

except Mclaffes

and Sugar, zd.

For every 96

Gallons made

by Me firs.

Bishop from

112 lb. of Corn,

as. 8d. 3q.

Duties to be

•under the Ma-

nagement of

the Excise.

Wash made in

England, ac-

cording to zS

C. 11. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue

upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of

Excise, are provider! and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering,

adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such Cafes for

which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and

put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying

the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto,

as fully and efttdually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this

present Act.

CAP. XI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wash, and

other Liquors, made in England, for extracting Spirits fqr Home Consumption;

and for preventing Distillers from making use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making

. "Wafh for extracting Spirits.—[16th March 1795.]

4 Ivloft gracious Sovereign, #

4 \T/E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

«■ W assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

6 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge

4 occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

c to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein-after respectively mentioned f and do therefore

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That there shall be raised,

levied*, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect

of the several Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for

or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein-after men-

tioned ; that is to say, - ’

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great

Britain called England, for extrading Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts,

or any Mixture with the fame, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-

third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers

thereof, one Penny:

by Feb. 23, 1795> ld*

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made in

that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are

before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith for extrading Spirits for Home Consumption, and

which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, one Penny:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great

Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extrading Spirits for Home

Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day

of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof,

one Penny Halfpenny: e ,

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England%

from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except

Melasses and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for extrading Spirits for Home Consumption, and which

shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, two Pence :

For every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which Sir IVilliarn Bishop, Armies Bishopy and George Bi]hopy or

the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the

Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, and which shall not be actually distilled

into Spirits on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings 3 and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of

such Wash.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be

under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wash which shall be

brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regula-

6 lions.

