914

C. 94.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Jf the Deputy

Lieutenants be

ditfatisfied with

the Value set by

the Proprietor

upon any Horse,

it shall he valued

by two (kdful

Ferfont, and

the Price, not

to exceed 251.

to be paid by the

Receiver Gene-

ral, if the Horse

die, dec*

Proprietors dif-

satisfied with

the Price may

appeal to a Sub-

division Meet-

ing.

Deputy Lieute-

nants shall con-

sider the Claims,

not exceeding

xol., of Persons

enrolled as Sub-

flitutes, and on

Proof of Con-

trail, certify the

Number of Per-

fons entitled to

receive Money

to the Receiver

General, who

shall pay it to

the Command-

ing Officer, &c.

ingmen, Headborouehs, or other Officers, shall make a Return thereof upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation,

to the best of their Knowledge and Belief. % . j

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Mare or Gelding provided for the said Service, underand

by virtue of the said Acts, shall, at the Time of embodying such Provisional Cavalry, be approved accord-

ing to the said Acts, such Mare or Gelding, in case the Deputy Lieutenants there attending, shall be dif.

Satisfied with the Value set upon the fame by the Proprietor thereof, shall be forthwith valued by two (kilful

Persons, to be named by the respective Deputy Lieutenants, according to the Price at which the fame might

be fold, such Price not in any Cafe to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, which Valuation shall be

duly entered, by the Direction of the Officer commanding such Provisional Cavalry, in the Books pro-

vided for the said Provisional Cavalry, and a Certificate thereof given, by the Officer commanding such

Provisional Cavalry, to the Person who shall have provided such Mare or Gelding; and if any such Mare

or Gelding shall die, or become unfit for Service, and it shall be thought expedient, that another Mare or

Gelding should be provided for that Service, according to the Directions of the said ACts, and an Order

should be made for that Purpose, then the valued Price of the fame shall, on Demand, and on a Certificate

of Conformity to the Provisions beforementioned, under the Hand of the Officer commanding the said

Provisional Cavalry, be paid to the Person or Persons providing such Mare or Gelding, by the Receiver

General of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall reside, out of any Monies in

his Hands, arising either out of the Monies raised by virtue of the said ACts or this A&, or out of the Du-

ties on Horses, or other the Duties receivable by him as such Receiver: Provided always, That if the Pro-

prietor of any Mare or Gelding so provided shall be difiatisfied with the Valuation to be made as aforesaid,

such Person may appeal to the Deputy Lieutenants at any Subdivision Meeting to be holden according to

the said Acts, and the Deputy Lieutenants there present, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered

and required to hear and determine such Appeals, and their Determination thereupon shall be final.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Men en-

rolled as Provisional Cavalry shall be embodied, any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County,

Riding, or Place, for which such Men shall have been enrolled, shall, as soon as mav be, take into Conli-

deration the Claims to be made by any Person or Persons for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

ten Pounds, in respect of each Person so enrolled as a Substitute, on his being embodied, and shall examine

into the Fad of any Contract being entered into for that Purpose between such Substitutes and their respect-

ive Principals, and shall receive Evidence thereof, either by the Registry of such Contract, or a Copy

thereof, or by the Production of such Contract, or where no such Contract shall have been registered nor

reduced into Writing, then by the Oath of the Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witnefsor

Witnesses, which Oath the said Deputy Lieutenants are hereby authorized to administer; and the said

Deputy Lieutenants shall, on Proof of any such Contract to their Satisfaction, certify to the Receiver Ge-

neral of such County, Riding, or Place, the Number of Persons entitled to receive any Sum of Money by

virtue of any such Contract, for and in respect of any such Person serving as a Substitute, specifying the

Amount of the Sum to be paid to each Person, and whether the fame, according to such Contract, is to be

paid to such Substitute, or the Person providing such Substitute; and such Receiver General is hereby re-

quired, within ten Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to iilue and pay to the Officer appointed 10

‘ f* . ’

ing to such Contract so certified, which Commanding Officer shall forthwith pay the fame, according to

ys - . . ..

the Command of such Men, the several Sums of Money due in respect of each of such Substitutes, accord-

the Terms of the several Contracts so certified as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Persons classed to raise Provisional Cavalry shall have

mutually agreed with, or made themselves liable to each other, to defray and bear their respective Projxx-

tiens in the Expences of raising a Man and Horse, or Men and Horses, and of cloathing such Man or

Men, and providing Furniture and Extra Keep for such Horses, or where any Person shall have defrayed

and borne the Whole of such Expences, and such Persons or Person shall not have rendered any Account

thereof to the Deputy Lieutenants, nor demanded or received any of the Allowances authorized by the

said Acts, for and on Account of the Provisional Cavalry, it shall and mav be lawful for any two or more

Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at any Subdivision Meeting, upon Proof thereof by

Affidavit made before any one or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding, or Magistrates

of the Peace, within which such Persons shall have been classed or appointed, to certify the fame to the

Commissioners of Land fax for the District within which such Persons shall have been classed or appointed,

and the Person in whose Favour such Certificates shall be made shall thereupon and from thenceforth, during

the Continuance of the Payment of such Expences, be freed and exonerated from the Payment of any

Assessment made, or to be made, for and on Account of Allowances paid or to be paid in such County,

Riding, or Place, in respect of any Men and Horses raised by any other Persons in such County, Riding,

or Place, and from all Afi'effments to be made in that Behalf under and by virtue of the said Acts of the

thirty*seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or this Act: Provided always. That if any AUetTnent lbail

have been made upon any Person or Persons hereby declared to be freed and exonerated therefrom, such

A((c(fment (h ill, as far as regards such Person or Persons, be void, and the Sums so aflcfled shall be strucit

out of the Alleifment upon such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and shall be added to the Adefiinents upca

the Rest of the Persons liable thereto in the feme Subdivision-

Where Classis

have agreed to

defray their Pro-

portions of the

txpences of

_Mcnand Horses,

or where any

Person shall

have borne the

Whole and no

Allowance has

been received,

the Subdivision

Meetings shall

certify the fame

to the Land Tax

Commissioners,

and the Parlies,

while they con-

tinue so*to pay,

shall be exempt-

from any Af-

L Ament in re-

speftof Men and

JlorfA raised by

any other Per-

suus, or any under 37 Geo. 3. c. 6 & 23, or thi& AO

VI. A ad

