910

C. 92.

tricesimo

A.D. 1798.

On or before

July 20,1798,

Distillers in the

Lowlands for

Consumption in

Scotland, may

have their Li-

cences vacated

in Part, and an

Abatement of

Duty made.

his, her, or their Licences, during which the working of the Laid Still or Stills shall be discontinued, shall

not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such Person or Persons who shall have given such

Notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said Still - or Stills from and after the Time specified in such

Notice; that'is to say, only at the End of the two Months or three Months respectively hereinbefore

mentioned.. ' . , < . , - ’ t, a ^

XVII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the patting of this Act, and on or before the

twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful for any Per-

son or Persons licensed as aforesaid, as a Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in the Low-

lands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, to deliver in his, her, or their Licence to the said Commis-

sioners, or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise, to be vacated in Part by ceasing, from and after the said twen-

tieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to work one entire Still where two or more

Stills have been entered by and licensed to such Distiller or Distillers, or by ceaiing to work two entire Stills

where three or more Stills have been entered by and licensed to such Distider or Distillers, and to continue

to work the other or others of such Stills, or by reducing or leilening the Capacity or Content of any Still

or Stills at present licensed as aforesaid, by cutting down the lame to a letter Capacity or Content, or by

substituting a Still or Stills of a letter Capacity or Content in place of any Still or Stills at present licensed,

upon previous Notice, in Writing, signed by such Distiller or Distillers, being given, on or before the Day

aforesaid, of the Intention to cease working one or more Still or Stills, and to continue to work the other or

others of such Stills from and after that Day, or, to reduce or letten the Capacity or Content of any Still or

Stills at present licensed, or to substitute a letter Still or Stills in place thereof; and in either of thele Events

it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise respectively, and

they are hereby required to indorse the fame on the Back of such Licence, specifying, in such Indorsement,

the Content of such Still or Stills respectively, and distinguishing such as is or are intended to be worked

from such as is or are not intended to be worked after the Time before limited, or the Content of such Still

or Stills as is or are intended to be reduced or lessened, or changed as aforesaid, and also the Content of

such Still or Stills as shall have been reduced, or leftened, or substituted as aforesaid, and to redeliver such

Licence to such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, with such Indorsement thereupon,

and which Indorsement on such Licence shall be deemed to vacate such Licence in such Part only as relates

to the Still or Stills which shall cease to be worked, or shall be reduced, lessened, or changed, as aforesaid;

and an Abatement of Licence Duty shall be made on such last-mentioned Still or Stills only, from the Day

or Days on which the said Still or Stills shall have ceased to be worked, or shall have been reduced, lessened,

or changed, as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Still so reduced, lessened, cut down, or

substituted as aforesaid, shall be used or employed either for the diddling of Wash or of Low Wines, unlefe

the Capacity or Content thereof, including the Head, shall, after such Reduction or Change, be at the

lead forty Gallons English Wine Measure or upwards.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Distiller shall, after the patting of

this Act, and before the tenth Day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, discontinue die

working of any licensed Still or Stills under any of the Provihons and Conditions hereinbefore enacted and

contained, every such Distiller shall immediately take down the said Still or Stills, and demolish the Fur-

nace or Furnaces thereof; and shall also depoiit with the Officer of Excise of the Division in which such

Still or Stills was or were worked, the Head and Worm of the said Still, or Heads and Worms of the said

Stills, to be by him securely kept until the fame shall be again licensed to be worked ; and if any such Dis-

tiller shall neglect or refuse to take down the said Still or Stills, or to demolish the Furnace or Furnaces

thereof, or to depofrt the Head or Heads, Worm or Worms, of such Still or Stills as before directed, or

shall use or employ the Body or Bodies of such Still or Stills in the distilling of Low Wines or Spirits before

the fame shall be a^«in duly licensed for that Purpose, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds. .1

No reduced Still

of less Content

than 40 Gallons

to be used for

distilling Waih

or Low Wines.

If a Distiller dif-

continue work-

ing a Still befeue

April jo, 1799,

he shall take it

down and de-

molish the Fur-

race, and dtpo-

fit the Head a- d

Worm with the

Excise Officer.

Penalty 01 2C0I.

forNeglcft, or

for using the

Body of such Still before licensing again.

Commissioners

of Excise in

Scotland may

authori2e, be-

tween Odt 10,

1798, and April

10, 1799, Wer-

fons in the Low-

lands to distil

Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, in Stills containing 40 Gallons.

But no Licence

to be granted

within that

Time for a Wash

and a Low Wine

.Still together, unless the latter contain a Fourth of the former.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in

Scotland, and the Officer or Officers acting under them, or by their Authority* for the licensing of Stills,

to grant Licences to any Person or Persons in the Lowlands of Scotland, between the said tenth Day of

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and the said tenth Day of April one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, to ere£f, keep, and work, one Still of a Content or Capa-

city in the Body thereof and exclusive of the Head, not less than forty Gallons English Wine Mealure,

for distilling, making, or manufacturing Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits.

XXI. Provided always. That no Licence shall be granted tc any Person or Persons in the Lowlands of

Scotland, between the Time aforesaid, to erect, keep, and work, a Wash Still and a Low Wine Still to-

gether, unless the Low Wine Still he of a Content or Capacity in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the

Head, not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still.

XXII. * Ana

