A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 16,

XXI. And be it further enaCted, That every Person assessed to the Duties now payable on Horses,

granted by two ACts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

the one thereof, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty new Duties on certain Horses not charged

with Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules ; and the other thereof, intituled. An

Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses before charged with a Duty of two

Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of His present Atajeftfs Reign, and on Mules \ shall be charged

annually, during the Term herein mentioned, with an additional Rate or Duty equal to twice the

Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last AfTelTrnent or AflelT-

ments made in pursuance of the said Acts, prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight: Provided always, that no Person occupying a Farm, the Relit of which shall be

left than seventy Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with the

said additional Rate or Duty ; and that no Person occupying a Farm, the Relit of which shall be left

than one hundred and fifty Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable

with the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed for more than five such Horses.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if any Person, charged by the last Afle(T-

ment or Assessfments made as aforesaid to any of the Duties now payable on Servants, Carriages, or

Horses, shall at any Time before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven have ceased to keep any Servant, Carriage, or Horse, or any Number of Servants, Carriages, or

Horses, for which he or she shall have been so charged, and shall have bona fide remained during the

whole Interval, between the tenth Day of October one. thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and

the Time of hearing the Appeal against the Assessment to be made under this ACt, without any Ser-

vant, Carriage, or Horse, or any Servants, Carriages, or Horses, in lieu of the former, liable to the

like Duty, then such Person shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for exe-

cuting this ACt, be exempted from any Charge to be made by virtue of this ACt on the Amount of the

said Duties now payable on such Servants, Carriages, and Horses respectively.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, That if any Person so charged as aforesaid to any

of the Duties now payable on Carriages, shall, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-seven, to the Time of hearing the Appeal against the Assessment to be made by virtue

of this ACt, have bond fide ceased to use any Carriage or Carriages kept by him or her, and shall have

wholly discontinued the Use of the fame during the whole Interval between the said fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the Time of hearing the Appeal against the Assess-

ment to be made under this ACt, then such Person shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Com-

missioners before whom the Appeal for that Cause shall be depending, be exempted from any Charge to

be made by virtue of this ACt, on the Amount of the Duties now payable on such Carriage or Carriages

so discontinued.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, That Persons not living in Cities, or the Suburbs

thereof, or in Market Towns, and having but one Place of Residence, who shall not be rated above the

Sum of twenty, five Pounds for their Male Servants, Pleasure Horses, and Carriages, shall be assessed

for their Mansion Houses as if they contained forty Windows only, notwithstanding they should

contain a greater Number, so far as respects the additional Rates and Duties imposed by this

a a. *. '/ *v

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, That every Person occupying a I arm at the rime

of any Assessment being made of the said additional Rates and Duties, by virtue of this ACt, on

Horses, by the said two ACts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, before mentioned, and who shall quit the said Farm, in pursuance of any Notice given be-

fore the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (hill be entitled to an

Abatement of the said additional Rate or Duty, for the Whole of such Hories kept for the Purposes of

Hufbmdry upon such Farm, which such Person shall ecafetokeep after having so quitted the said Farm ;

and the Assessment made upon such Person shall, on Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners

for executing this ACT of such Person hayingbond fide ceased to keep any Number of such Horses, and

hath remained without any other Horses in lieu of the former, be entitled to an Abatement in respcCi

of such Number, as aforesaid, of the said Horses.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall, previous to the first

Day of Appeal under this ACt for the DistriCt where such Person refidcs, have enrolled himself in any Re-

giment, Corps, or Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry, raised by virtue of an ACt, passed in the thirty-fourth

1 ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and discipliningfuch Corps

or Companies of Men as fi)all voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or

Cocflsy or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present IVar, shall not have obtained his

Exemption for one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in pursuance of an ACt, passed in the thirty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties

on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, or drawing certain Carriages therein mentioned, in the last Af-

feflment made for the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

then and in such Cafe, on Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this ACt, of

his being entitled to such Exemption, and on Production of a Certificate to be made out at any l ime

previous to his making such. Appeal of his Service in such Regiment, Corps, or Troop, in the Manner

mS - ’ . direCted

69 3

Persons afftflld to the Duties on

Horses by 36 Geo. 3. c. 15.2nd

37 Geo. 3, c. 106. to pay twice

the last AHeflhntnr, prior to

April 6, 175#, additional.

Certain Occupiers of Farms of

less than 70!. per Ann. exempt-

j and of Farms less thaa

1501. not to pay for more than

five Horses.

Persons charged by the last Af-

feflment to tire Duties on Ser-

vants, Carriages, or Horses*

hiving ceased before Nov. x,

1797, to keep any of them, to be

exempted from the additional

Duty on account of such Ser-

vants, &c*

and also Persons having ceased

to use Carriages from April 5,

1797«

Persons not living in Cities or

Market Towns, laving but one

Residence, and rated not above

25I. under ^ 1, not to be afldT-

to this A£tfor their Manfioa

Houses beyond 40 Windows.

Occupiers of Farms quitting

them in pursuance of Notice

given before Dec 1, 1797, to

have an Abatement of the ad-

ditional Duty for Horses kept

for Husbandry thereon, and not

used after.

Persons who, having previous

to the first Day of Appeal en-

tered into the Yeomanry Ca-

valry, under 34GCO 3. c. 31.

shall not have obtained Exemp-

tien for a Horse under 36

Cco. 3. c. 16. in the last A/TclE-

meni, to be aflefi* to the ad-

ditional Duty, as if the £x<-

emption had been allowed.

