g6

Persons claim-

ing: Exemptions

to prove their

Right.

Income of be-

ncficed Clergy-

men to be eiu-

inatedon the

Average of 7

Years.

Penalty for

counterfeiting,

Scc. Stamps.

Provisoes of

former A^ls re-

lating to Stamp

Duties, to ex-

tend to tlris

Act.

Duties to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver General

of Stamps, Sec.

Duties to be

applied in de-

fraying anyin-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of

this Session

C. 4c—51. Anno triedimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if in any Action, Suit, Information, or Prosecution, against any

Person for Non-payment of the Duty imposed by this Act, any Dispute shall arise whether such Person is

entitled to be exempted from such Payment, in every such Cafe the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Person

claiming such Exemption, who shall and maybe permitted to allege the fame on his Oath or Affirmation, or

other fufneient Evidence, to be produced and shewn by him or her, any Thing in this Act contained, or

any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if such Person shall be a beneficed

Clergyman, the Income arising from his Benefice or Benefices shall be efti mated on the Average Amount

thereof, as nearly as the fame can be ascertained, computed on the Period of seven Years next preceding that

in which such Action, Suit, Information, or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or

forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used, or pro-

vided, made, or used, in pursuance of this A<Sl, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty by this Act granted,

or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with

Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, fell, or cx-

pose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duty, with such counterfeit Mark orlm-

prelfion thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp

directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of

the said Duty; every Pei Ion so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon,

and shall l'ufler Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisoes, Articles,

Clauses, Allowance on present Payment of the Duty, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and ap-

pointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the fame are applicable) be of full Force and Effect with

relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, col-

lecting, and feeuring the said Duty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and Meaning of this Act,

as fully and cfiedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been rc-en-

acted with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted

shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties

on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of railing,

paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and

in such Manner as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be paid ;

and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Con-

folidated Fund.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty

hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue

for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be

created, by virtue of any ASt or Acts pafi'cd or to be passed in this Sessionof Parliament; and chat theiaid

Monies shall, during the Space of tei\ Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, diflindlly and apart

from all other Branches of the public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the

Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies

arising from the said Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any

other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased

Charge as af irefaid, be entered separateand apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

■4 " r ' .; - CAP. L.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments 5

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the rime limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-

demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admiifions have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or raiflaid, and

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-

licitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to trans-

mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and

for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for giving further Time to such Persons as have omitted

to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

' , [30th April 1795.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of

Southampton to the City of AIw Sarum in the County of Uriltsy with a Collateral Branch to Northam,

within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton. [30th April 179$.]

CAP.

