761

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III, C. 45.

the Dealings and Tranladions by Means whereof such Penalties an'! Forfeitures {hall have been incurred ;

and it shall be lawful for the Court, wherein such Information or Bill (ha-il be exhibited, to proceed and decree

thereupon, and enforce such Decree in the same Manner as is used in other causes in the said Courts.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to any Ad which shall be done by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in

Obedience to any Licence or Authority from his Majesty, either under his Sign Manual, or by Order in

Council or Proclamation, or by virtue of or in Obedience to any Licence or Authority from any Persons

or Person to be authorized by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual or otherwise, as his iMajesty shall think

fit, to give such Licence or Authority, or to any Act done in his Majesty’s Service by any Person or

Persons who shall be employed therein.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend to Switzerland, and the Persons exercising the Powers of

4 Government therein, and to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government, the Provi-

4 fions contained in an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

4 more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous

4 Corrcjpondence with, or Aid or Ajjtftance being given to his Majesty 5 Enemies \ be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the several l imes hereinafter mentioned, and during the

said War, all and every the Provisions in the said Act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed,

deemed, and taken, to extend, to Switzerland, and all and every the Territories ar.-d Places under the

Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Govern-

ment in Switzerland, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said War reside or be, within

the fame, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall

during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government therein, or in any Part thereof, or any of the

Territories or Places aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if Switzerland,

and the 'I'erritories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, and every of them, had been expressly mentioned in

the said Act, and ail and every the Provisions in the said Act contained had been expressly applied thereto

respectively, and Switzerland, and the Territories, Places, and Persons aforesaid, had in all Parts of the

Lid Ad been mentioned together with France, and the Territories, Persons, and Places described in the

laid Ad; and that all and every the Acts thereby prohibited to be done by Persons residing or being in

Great Britain, with respect to France, or the Persons exercising, or who during the said War might exer-

cife, the Powers of Government in France, or Persons residing pr being within any of the Dominions of

France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place annexed to France, or under the Government of the

Persons exercising, or who might exercise, the Powers of Government in France, shall be deemed and

taken to be, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, Provisions, and Restrictions, prohibited with

respect to Switzerland, and all and every the Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons

exercising, or who shall during the said War exercise, the Powers of Government in the said Provinces,

and all Persons residing or being, or who shall during the said War reside or be, within the same, or within

any of the I'erritories or Places aforesaid, and to the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War

exercise, the Powers of Government therein, or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid.

VII. And whereas there is Reason to believe that Letters of Attorney have been procured from Persons

4 within the Power of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, or of the Governments

4 under their Controul, and especially in the United Provinces, and in Switzerland, for the Purpose of

transferring Stock in the Public Funds, and other Public Stock, for the Benefit of the Persons so ex-

4 ercifing the Powers of Government in France, to the Prejudice and against the Will of the Proprietors of

4 such Stock; and that many of such Letters of Attorney have been antedated;* be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Letter of Attorney, purporting to be a Letter

of Attorney from any Person or Persons who, on or before the first Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, was or were, or at any Time since has or have been, in France, the United

Provinces, or Invitzerlandy or any of the T erritories or Dependencies thereof, or any Territory or Place

under the Government,- or subject to the Power of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in

France, or under the Government, or subject to the Power of any Persons exercising the Powers of Go-

vernment in the said United Provinces or Switzerland^ or any Part thereof, shall be valid and effectual to

authorize the Transfer of any such Stock, without Licence for that Purpose first had and obtained from

one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State; and that all Transfers of Stock which shall be made

by or under the Authority of any such Letter of Attorney, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall be

null and void, to all Intents and Purposes. . , "I

VIII. And whereas it is also expedient to extend, as well to the United Provinces as to Switzerland,

and the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein respectively, and to the Persons, Territo-

4 ries, and Places, under thoir Government respectively, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the

4 thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands

4 of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or di/pofeable by, any Persons resident in Franee, being applied to the

4 UJe of thf Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for prese ruing the Property thereof

4 for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof ;* be it further enacted by tile Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the several Times hereinafter mentioned, and during the said War, all and every the Pro-

visions in the said last mentioned Act contained, shall extend, and shall be construed, deemed, and taken to

38 Gjeo. III. / 5 P extend.

Act not to ex-

tend to any

Thing done by

Licence from his

Majesty.

35 Geo. 3. C27.

to extend to

Switzerland,

and all Places

under Domi-

nion of the Per-

fons exercising

the Powers of

Government

therein.

t

No Letter of

Attorney from

any Person who

was, on or be-

fore March 1,

1798, or who

has been since,

in Fiance, the

United Pro-

vinces, or Swit-

zerland,^. shall

authorize the

Transfer of

Stock without

Licence from

the Secretary of

State.

34 Geo. 3. c. 9.

to extend to the

United Pro-

vinces and Swit-

zerland, and all

Places under the

Persons exer-

cifing the Pow-

ers of Govern-

ment therein

respectiYcly,

