665

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 134,135.

Rate or Duty by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers,

Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Exemption^, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were

particularly repeated and rc-enacted in this Act. " i‘ -r; v

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted; That nothing in the said several Acts of the twenty-

fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in any of them,or in this

Act contained, shall be construed to extend to charge with the Duty by the said several Acts or this Act im-

posed, any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever to be employed as a Public Stage Coach, or

Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Pasteng<'rs for Hire from d'fterent Places in Great Britain, in respect

of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which is of shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person in

drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for Hire; any Thing in any of the said Acts, or

this Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rate or Duty hereby imposed,

(the necessary Charges of laifing and accounting, for the fame excepted,) shall from Time to Tune be paid

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated

Fund. f > .1 a j r :> 1 '

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty by this Act im-

posed, or so much thereof as shall be fufBcient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the

rurpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by virtue of any

Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament \ and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten

Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public

Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during

the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty hereby

imposed and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and

Duties granted or to be granted in this Seftionl of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased

Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Succeftbrs, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies, and Shares of Personal

Estate, and for granting ether Duties thereon, in certain Cafes.—[20th July 1 797.]

c II 7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

V V Ati for repealing certain Duties on Legacies* and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other

Duties t he re oni in certain Cafes; it is enacted, that where, by reason of the Infancy, or Absence beyond

the Seas, of any Person entitled to any Legacy, or to the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part

c thereof, chargeable with Duty by virtue of the said" Act, the Person or Persons having or taking the Bur-

then of any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of such Perlonal Estate, cannot pay

4 such Legacy, or some Part thereof, although he, die, or they may have Eftefts for that Purpose, orcan-

4 not pay such Residue, or some Part thereof, although lie, (he, or they may have the fame, or some Part

thereof, in his, her, or their Hands; it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to pay such Legacy or

4 Residue, or any Part or Parts thereof, respectively, or any Sum or Sums of Money on account thereof,

4 after deducting the Duty chargeable thereon, into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant

4 General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account of the Person or Persons for whose Benefit

the fame shall be fopaid; for Payment of which Money the said Accountant General shall give his Ceftifi-

4 cate, as ulual in such Cafes, on Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners of Stamps that the

4 Duty thereon hath been duly paid, and such Payment into the Bank shall be a sufficient Discharge for the

4 Aloney lo paid in, provided the Duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such Money, when paid in,

4 shall be laid out by the said Accountant General, without any formal Request for that Purpose, in the

4 Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, which, with the Dividends thereon, shall

4 be transfeired and paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their Bene-

4 fit, on Application to the Court of Chancery by Petition, or Motion in a funimary Way: And whereas

4 Money paid into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in ordinary

4 Cafes, cannot, according to the Forms prescribed for that Purpose, be paid by the Bank of England* upon

the Draft of the said Accountant General, unless the fame drill be-entered and signed by the Register of

the said Court of Chancery, or one of his Deputies; and Doubts have been raised whether the said Register

4 or his Deputies are authorized to enter and hgn any Draft of the said Accountant General for the Purpose

4 of laying out Money, paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the said Act, in the Purchase of

4 three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, as directed by the said Act;’ be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, "I hat whenever any

Sum of Money shall be paid into the Bank of England* with the Privity of the said Accountant General,

in pursuance of the said Act, the Accountant General’s Certificate of such Payment shall be filed with the

Register of the said Court of Chancery, in the Office called The Report Office, in the same Manner as Certi-

37 G eo. III. 4 R ficatcs

Former A£s or

this A rot to

extend to Horse

used by licensed

Persons in the

drawing of

Stage Coaches,

or Carriages

for Hire.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

Duties, which

for ten Years

are, with others

granted for the

fame Purpose,

to be kept fe-

parate from all

other Monies.

6 Geo. 3.0. 51,

32. recited.

When Money is

paid into the

Bank in pursu-

alice of the re-

cited Sc&ion,

the Accountant

