144*

Within fix

Months after

passing this Act,

Goods may be

taken out of

Warehouses, or

imported from

Hamburgh, ice.

His Majesty in

Council may

appoint Com-

mirtioners to

take the Care

of Ships and

Cargoes which

may be detained

or brought into

the Kingdom.

Claims not'to

be prosecuted,

except as herein

provided.

For settling

Claims of Ships

and Goods, tcc.

before the Com-

mirtioners.

For settling

Claims made

in the High

Court of Admi-

ralty.

Commirtioners

not to fell Ships,

Sec. claimed as

the Property of

British Subjects,

Sec. til Claims

be decided.

and to

C. 80. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. *795*

or -to bring the fame, or Parts thereof, into this Kingdom be it enacted, That, within the Space of fix

Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, who have or shall come to

reside in this Kingdom, and shall take the Oath of Allegiance in Manner herein-before mentioned, to

take the fame out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, if the fame shall have been warehoused, or to import

the fame from Hamburgh, or from any other Port of Germany, or of the Baltic or East Country respect-

ively, in Vessels belonging to any Subied of the United Provinces, or to any Persons who, before the

nineteenth Day of January last, were Inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or to any Subject ~r

Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, from whence the fame shall be brought,

lodge the fame in Warehouses, as directed by the said Act, and to take the fame out of such Warehouses

for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, upon Payment of the several and respective Duties, and

subject in either Cafe to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

herein-mentioned: Provided always, that it shall be proved by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or

Proprietors, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in

that Part 'of Great Britain called England, and of the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or

more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, and the said.Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandizes, and Effects so imported from Hamburgh, or from any other Port of Germany, or of the Baltic

or East Country, were actually so carried from the said United Provinces to some of those Places, and arc

the Property of the Persons herein qualified and authorized to import the fame.

XXI. And whereas several Ships and Vessels belonging to the Subjects or Inhabitants of the United

4 Provinces, and also other Ships and Vessels, having on board Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects,

4 belonging to such Subjects, have been or may be hereafter detained in, or brought into the Ports of this

A Xr -a— — _ __- « A_J ___ —. _ _ 1 u . J m _ I J \ / _ J J 1 ^ M I I 4 I m « a a « 4

y perish or be greatly injured, if

Tj “

__________HI_______|_____^__________| it shall and may be lawful

for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, from Time to Time to grant a Com-

mission or Commissions, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to three or more Persons, authorizing

them to take such Ships and Cargoes into their Possession, and under their Care, and to manage, fell, or

otherwise dispose of the fame to the bed Advantage, according to such Instructions as they shall from Time

to Time receive from his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council; subject nevertheless, in respect

of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize hereby directed to be brought into the Warehouses of the East India

Company, to the special Provisions in this Act contained.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to prosecute any Claim, or

maintain any Suit or Action respecting any such Ship or Cargo, except in the Manner herein specially

provided. ' v *

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Claim shall be made before the said Commissioners,

of any such Ship or Vessel, or of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or of any Part or Parts

thereof, as the Property of the Subjects of his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and

not of the People of the said United Provipces, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they

shall be satisfied of the Justice of the said Claim, with the Licence of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy

Council, to order such Ships or Vessels, or such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or any Part or

Parts thereof, to be forthwith released, upon such Terms and Conditions as shall appear to them to be

equitable, and which shall be agreed upon between them and the respective Parties, or to remit such Claim

to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, who shall decree Restitution to such Claimant as shall appear

to be entitled thereto, and shall decide all Questions of Freight. Average, and other Charges to which the

Property claimed shall be legally subject or entitled; and the said Judge shall direct Payment of all such

Freight, Average, and other Charges, to be made to the Registrar of the said Court of Admiralty, which

Registrar shall receive the same, and within twenty Days after his Receipt thereof pay it over to the said

Commissioners, or to any Agent appointed by them for that Purpose, without any Fee, Poundage, Charge*

or Deduction whatever; and in Cafes where the Property of the People of the said United States shall appear

to be subject to Charges of the like Nature, due and owing to the Subjects of his Majesty, or of any

Country in Amity with his Majesty, whose Property has been restored, with such legal Charges attendant

thereon, by the Decree of the Court of Admiralty, the said Commissioners shall, on receiving from the

Registrar of the said Court a Copy of the said Decree, with the Amount of the said Charges, forthwith pay*

or cau e to be paid, the said Amount to the Parties entitled thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Claim of any such Ship or Vessel, or of any such Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or of any Part or Parts thereof, as the Property of the Subjects off

his Majesty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, and not of the People of the said United1

Provinces, shall be made in the said High Court of Admiralty, the said Claim not having been made before

the said Commhfioners, it shall and may be lawful to the said judge, and lie is hereby directed also to proceed-

on the said Claims, and direct Restitution and Payments of Freight, Averages, and other Charges to be

made, in like Manner as if the said Claim had in pursuance of this Act been remitted to him by the said

Commissioners. v , / . - *.

XX v'. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship, Vessel, or any such Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandize, or Effects, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be claimed as the Property of the Subjects of his

Mait-fty, or of any Country in Amity with his Majesty, as herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners

,_______T _ f in such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effects, or such

’art or Parts thereof, until such Claim shall be decided, unless they shall receive Directions from the said*

Court of Admiralty to proceed therein. ' V

, I, i XXVI. And

