A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

C. 81.

865

Where Persons

have been af-

feflid under re-

cited Act, to the

Duties then

payable by Af-

feflments prior

to April 6,

1798, the Af-

fefl'ment on the

Amount of the

Duties shall be

of those Duties.

If any Person

shall, after A-

pril 5, 1798,

be afTcfl' inre-

spect to the sub-

ftitured Duties

to a greater A-

mount than the

prior Assess-

ment, wholly

by reason of the

Encrtafeof such

•

of, such Justices, Judges, or Barons, in like Manner as they are authorized to do by any Law now in

force with respect to the Duties now under the Management of his Majesty’s Commissioners for the Affairs

of Taxes. , 1 , - ,

V. 4#And whereas, since the passing of the said Act, the Duties therein mentioned then payable have

4 been repealed, and other Duties have been fubfljtuted in lieu thereof;’ be it further enacted, That in

all Cafes where any Person shall have been assessed to any of the Duties then payable, by any Assessrnent

made prior to the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Afieliment made

by virtue of the said Act on the Amount of the said Duties then payable, shall, notwithstanding the.Repeal

of the said Duties then payable, or any Thing in the said Acts contained, or either of them, be in full

Force and Effect; and every Assessment made or to be made by virtue of the said Act, on any Person so

assessed to any of the said Duties then payable, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of the fame by the said

Acts, or any Thing herein contained, be calculated on the Amount of the Duties then payable, contained

in such Assessrnent of the fame ; and every such Assessrnent shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding such

Repeal, or any Thing in the said Acts contained, or either of them. in force, &c. notwithstanding the Repeal

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, by any Assessrnent made after the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be assessed, in respect of the substituted Duties now

payable, to any greater Amount than the Amount contained in the prior Assessrnent of the Duties payable

at the passing of the said Act, and such Encrease shall arise wholly by reason of the Encrease of the substituted

Duties now payable, and not by any Encrease in Number of any of the Subjects of such Assessrnent, such

Person shall not be charged with any further additional Duty by reason of such encreased Amount: Pro-

vided always, That if such encreased Amount, or any Part thereof, shall be found to arise by reason of any

Encrease in the Number of any of the Subjects of such Assessment, then such Part of the said Encrease as

shall so arise shall be added to the Amount of the Duties contained in the former Assessrnent whereorf the

• additional Duty was calculated ; and the said Duty shall thenceforth be calculated on the Amount of such

.•Sums when added as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person not assessed within the Year ending

the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the Duties, payable at and

immediately before the passing of the said Act, therein mentioned, shall be assessed to any of the substituted

Duties now payable in any subsequent Year, during the Term in the said Act mentioned, such Person shall

be charged to the additional Duty granted by the said Act, on the Amount of the substituted Duties con-

tained in such Assessrnent, although such Duties were not payable at the Time of the passing of the said

k 4* charged to the additional Duty granted by 38 Qeo. 3. c. 16. on the Amount of the substituted Dutiei;

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Relief intended to be given by the said Act to any Person

who shall have ceased to keep any Servant, Carriage, or Horse, before the first Day of November one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be construed to extend to all such Persons who shall have

bona fide remained during the whole Interval between the said first Day of November one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, and the Time of hearing any Appeal, in pursuance of this Act, without any

Servant, Carriage, or Horse, liable to the Duties payable by Law on such Servants, Carriages, and Horses

respectively, in lieu of the former Servant, Carriage, or Horse ; and every Person coming under the Cir-*

cumstances above stated, and not having received the Relief thereby intended, shall be at liberty to appeal

from any Assessment under the said Act, in respect of any such Servant, Horse, or Carriage ; for which

Purpose a Day or Da^s of Appeal shall be appointed as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of

this Act, or in Default of such Appointment, the fame shall be heard on any Day or Days appointed

for hearing and determining Appeals against any Assessrnent of the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights,

by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

IX. 4 And whereas, in some Instances, Theatres and other Places of Public Shew or Entertainment

4 have been assessed under the Authority of the said Act of this Session of Parliament, as Inhabited Houses,

4 by which they will be subject to the highest Rate of Duty thereby imposed, and it is expedient that the Pro-

4 prietors of such Places should be relieved therefrom be it therefore further enacted, That every Theatre

or other Place duly licensed for Public Shew or Entertainment, except such Part thereof which shall be

occupied as a Dwelling House, shall be charged to the Duties granted by the said Act, under the like

Rules, Methods, and Regulations as are in the said Act prescribed with respect to Houses, Part whereof

shall be occupied as Shops ; and the Commissioners for executing the said Act shall, in every Cafe where

any Assessment of any Theatre or other licensed Place aforesaid lnall have been otherwise made, shall cause

the fame to be amended, and the Duties contained in such amended Assessrnent to be levied accordingly, in

pursuance of the Rules hereinbefore prescribed, with respect to Assesshients altered or amended in any of the

Cafes before mentioned. * "

substituted Duties, he shall not be charged with a further additional Duty, Sec.

If Any Person

rot aiTcfted

w ithin the Year

ending April 5,

179S, shall be

affc/fcd to the

substituted Du-

ties, h© shall b©

Persons having

cciifed to keep

Servants, See.

before Nov. r, '

1797, entitled

to the Relief in-

tended under

$ iz. of the re-

cited Act, and

may appeal

after passing thi*

Act.

Places of Public

Entertainment,

except such

Parts as are oc-

cupied asDwell-

ing Houses, to

he charged as

Houses Part

whereof are

Shops.

38 Geo. HI.

S-T

CAP.

