292

j i _ 4 4 f

C. 4.8—^ 2. Anno triceflmo sexto G e o r g i i III. A.D. 1796.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Aclto vary and alter the Line of a Canal authorised to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca-

nal, with certain Raihvays and Stone Roads, from fever a I Collieries in the County of Somerset, to communi-

cate with the intended Kennett and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and to

alter and amend the said A&.—[24th March 1796.] / ^ v -

CAP. XLIX. » " L

1 1

An Act for paving, repairing, andcleanfing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town of Folktftone,

and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein.*— [24th March 1796.] Y .*

c a p. l.

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, and other -public Passages and Places, within the Town of

IVahefield, in the County of York, and for more effectually cleansing the fame, and removing and pre-

venting Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein —[2$th March 1796.J

CAP. LI.

20 Cco. III.

Cap. 28.

23 Ceo. III.

Cap 58. and

29 Ceo. HI.

Cap. 51.

\ ana iriMi new JL^mivs inouia uc gidiucu in ncu ui li»c jyuiitb ig re.u j wiiu liui

made by the said several Acts for collecting the Duties thereby imposed, should bcfurti)er

the Duties which shall not be repealed by this Act: We, your Majesty s most dutiful and

_ ^ A ^ ^ AAA A Ala W

V

An A<St for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other public Passages and

Places, within the Town of Becclcs, in the County of Suffolk.— [24th March 1796.]

CAP. LI I. \

I 11 II ^ §~x 4 *4 . ... M t 1 1 r i

An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Eft2tes, and for

granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes.—[26th April iy96.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties imposed by divers Act of the twentieth, twenty-third,

4 VV and twenty-ninth Years of your Majesty’s Reign, on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-

4 ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, -or other Discharge for any Legacy left by

4 any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share or Parr of a Personal Estate, divided by

4 Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, should be engrossed,

4 printed, or written, should be repealed, as to such K.eceipts or Discharges for which new Duties shall be

4 granted by this Act; and that new Duties should be granted in lieu of the Duties so repealed ; and that

4 the Provisions made 1 ' *“ ",il" *'

4 enforced, as to . , J ... I

4 loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, as wel for the Pui poles afore*

4 said, as towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and making

such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge cccafiontd

4 by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose passed or to be passed in this> Seflkm

4 of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to grant unto your Majesty the Duties hereinafter

4 mentioned.; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerobled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

hUth6 h"iP°fed several Duties by the said several Acts imposed on all Receipts and Discharges for Legacies given by any

inentfoncdAfts Will or other Testamentary Instrument, and for Shares or Parts of Rc lidue of Personal Estate upon which any

on Receipts for Duty shall be imposed by this Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no

Legacies or Re- longer paid or payable ; and so much of the said several Acts as relate to such Duties so repealed, and the Pay-

fidues of Per- ment thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby also repealed.

fonal Estate.., . 1 r

on which new ones are hereby laid, to cease. jMjN

New Duties. II. And be it further enacted, That upon every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Defcrip*

tien, of the Amount or Value of twenty Pounds or more, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument

of any Person who shall die after the paflinz of this AdK out of the Personal Estate of the Person so dying,

and also njwf thr clear ^llp1 Qrt^ Part Qf the clear Refldue of the Personal Estate of evety

Person who shall so die, whether teftatc or intestate, and leave Personal Estate of the clear Value of one hun-

dred Pounds or upwards, which shall remain after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges,

and specific and pecuniary Legacies, (if any,) whether the Title to such Refldue, or to any Part thereof,

shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Dispofltion, or upon Inteftacy, there shall be raised, levied, col-

lected and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties, alter

the Rates and in Manner following ; (that is to say.) where any such Legacy, or any Residue or Part ofRe-

fiduc of any such Personal Estate, shall be given or shall pass to or lor the Benefit of a Brother or Siftcr_of

the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, there shall be charged a Duty ol

two Pou^s for every one hundred Pounds of the VaIue~oT any such Legacy, or Refldue or Part of Refldue,

and To aTter the fame Rate for any greater or less Sum ; where any such Legacy, or any Refldue or

Part of Refldue of any such Personal Estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or

Sifter of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Father or

Mother of the Deceased, there shall be chargedYhrce Pounds for every one hundred Pouncfc of the Value

of fuchXegacy, oFRtfldue or Pait of Refldue, and so after the fame R3te for any greater or less Sum; and

v i where

