4

54*

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties.

Plflrcfa not un-

lawful for Want

of Fonn, &c.

No Rate or Pro-

ceeding to be

qualhed for

Want of Form,

or removeable

by Certiorari,

See.

Limitation of

Actions, Sec.

General Issue.

Treble Cells.

Public Act.

t. k '

C. 2> ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. r795‘

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the said A61, passed in

the last Session of Parliament, and by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall

be recoverable by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at JVfJhninJier, wherein no Privilege, Protection, YVagerof Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall .be

allowed ; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by the said Act and this Act imposed, which shall

not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before the Mayor or any

other Magistrate of the said City, or any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place where the

Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant

under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor, Magistrate, or other Justice, rendering the Overplus (if

any) on Demand, after deduding the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Perfart whose Goods and

Chattels shall be so distrained and fold ; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the said Mayor, Magistrate, or

other Justice, is hereby required in all Cafes, when no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before di-

rected, to commit such Offender to Prison where the Offence shall have been committed for any Time not

exceeding three Calendar Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the

Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by the said Act or this Act, shall be paid to the

Regimental Clerk of that Regiment where such Offences shall have been committed, and shall be made Part

of the Public Stock of that Regiment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

Money to be levied by virtue of the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, the Distress

itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or

Trespasser, on Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the

Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser^ initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall

be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Perfor. or Persons aggrieved by such Irre-

gularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage by an Action on the Cafe.

1 XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Rate or Assessment, nor any Order to be

made, or Proceeding to be had, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the

Execution of the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, by the said Court of Mayor

and Aldermen, or by his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the Time being, shall not be vacated

or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or

.Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at /Vjimin/ier^ any Law, Statute, or Usage,

to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that no Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Ac-

tien for such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by

or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or cauie to be committed, any such Irre-

gularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall

have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave

of the Court where any such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court

such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments,

shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to

pay Money into Court. _ ’

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person for any Thing

done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next

after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the cause of

Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had

thereupon ; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the

Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or

Defendants shall have appeared, or if on Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any De-

fendant hath in other Cafes to recover Costs by Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall

be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without

specially pleading the same. ,r; L

CAP.

/

