A.D. 1796.

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 8, 9.

261

Act to be read at

certain Tunes*

Limitation

of Actions.

Commencement

and Continu-

alice of Act.

4 \\7 PEREAS divers Persons have assembled themselves in great Numbers, and committed great

* V V iences, with Intent to hinder the Pallage of Corn and Grain from Place to Place, whereby th

Persons hinder-

ing the buying

of Corn, or

seizing it on its

Passage, 8cc. to

be committed to

hard Labour for

a limited Time.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to take away or abridge any Pro- Act not to

vision already made by the Law of this Realm, or of any Part thereof, for the Suppression or Punishment of abridge any Law

any Offence whatsoever described in this Act. fion or punishmem of offenc« httSi

XX[. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That this A& shall be openly read at every

Epibhany Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and at every Leet*or Law Day.

XXII. Provided always. That no Person shall be profecucrd by virtue of this Act, unless such Profecu-

tien shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and no Action shall be

brought, for any of the Penalties by this /\£t imposed, unless the fame shall be brought within three Calen-

dar Months next after the OfFence committed.

XXIII. Provided also, That this Act shall commence and have EfFedt within the City of London, and

within twenty Miles thereof, from the Day next after the Day of passing this Act, and shall commence and

have Effect within all other Parts of the Kingdom, from the Expiration of seven Days next after the Day of

passing this Act, and shall be and continue in force for three Years from the Day of passing this Act, and

until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

‘ . CAP. IX.

An Act to prevent Obstructions to the free Passage of Grain within the Kingdom.

•> j f 18th December' 1795* J

Vio-

the ne-

4 cellary Circulation of Corrt and Grain within the Kingdom may be prevented :* Be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Person

or Persons shall, from and after the pacing of this Act, wilfully and maliciously beat, wound, or use any

other Violence to or upon any Person or Persons, with Intent to deter or hinder him or them from buying of

Corn or Grain in any Market, or other Place within this Kingdom, or shall unlawfully (lop or seize any

Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt, or other Grain, in or on the Way to or from any City, Market Town, or

Place in this Kingdom, or shall wilfully and maliciously break, cut, or destroy any Waggon, Cart, or other

Carriage wherein any such Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt, or other Grain, shall be loaded, or the Harness of any

Horse or Horses drawing or carrying the fame, or shall unlawfully takeoff from any such Carnage, or drive

away, kill, or wound, any such Horse or Horses, or unlawfully beat or wound the Driver or Drivers of any

such Waggon, Cait, or other Carriage, or Horse so loaded, with Intent to flop such Wheat, Flour, Meal,

Malt, or other Grain, or shall, by cutting of the Sacks, or otherwise, (catter or throw abroad any such

Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt, or other Grain, or shall take or carry away, destroy, spoil, or damage the

fame, or any Part thereof, every and all such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convi£! before any

two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, D.vision. Town, or Place Cor-

porate, wherein such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or before the Justices of the Peace in open

Sessions, (who are hereby authorized and empowered, summarily and finally, to hear and determine the

fame,) shall be sent to the Common Gaol or Hu use of Correction, there to continue and be kept to hard La-

bour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months nor less than one Month.

II. And be it further er.aCted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person or Persons so convicted

shall commit any of the Oftences aforesaid a fecund Time, or it, from and after the passing of this Act, any

Person or Persons, with Intent to prevent or hinder any Corn, Meal, Flour, Malt, or Grain from being law-

fully carried or removed from any Place wn.itsoever, shall wilfully and maliciously pull, throw down, or

otherwise destroy, any Storehouse or Granary, or other Place in which Corn, Meal, Flour, Malt, or Grain

shall be then kept, or shall unlawfully enter any such Storenoufe, Granary, or other Place, and take and

carry away any Corn, Flour, Meal, Malt, or Grain therefrom, or shall throw abroad or spoil the fame, or

any Part thereof, or shall unlawfully enter on board any Snip, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, and wdfully and

rr.aiiciously take and carry away, call or throw out therefrom, or otherwise spoil or damage any Corn, Flour,

Meal, Malt, or Grain therein, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall bead-

judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space o! Seven Years, in like Manner as other Fe-

lons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ; and if any such Offender so trans-

ported shall return into this Kingdom before the Expiration of the said leven Years, he or she shaft futfer

Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy : Provided always, that no Attainder for any Offence made

Felony by virtue of this Act shall make or work any Corruption ot Blood, Lois ol Dower, or Diiinherit-

alice of Heir or Heirs. x

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

the Inhabitants of every Hundred, in that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein any inch Offence as

aforesaid shall be cotnmitted, shall make full Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Per-

fm«, their Executors and Administrators, for the D image they shall have sustained or fullered by any In-

jury or Violence done to tncir Properties by any Offender or Offenders against this Act; and that every

Person and Persons who shall sustain Damages in their Properties by any of the said Offences, shall and arc

htuby enabled to sue for and recover such his or their Damages (the Sum to be recovered not exceeding one

bundled Pounds) against the said Hundred, who by this Act shall be made liable to answer all or any Part

CuntoL such Damages to be sued for, levied, and raift'd in such Manner and Form, and by and under the

Persons con.

vifted of such

Offence* a fe-

condTimc, or

destroying

Storcnoufcs, or

carrying Com

there! 1 ora, &c.

to be transported

for seven V ears,

Sec:

The Hundred

where any such

Off. nee is com*

maud may oe

sued lor Da-

mages, not ex-

ceeding 100L

