A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 127.

• I . • m

M

feid Assignecs under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commissioners anJ

the said Fador or Fadors, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by

the said Commissioners for such Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such

Security.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Debt shall grow due to the said

Commissioners from any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, as a Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan as afore-

laid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept from the Assignees under such Com-

mission of Bankruptcy in England, or from the Fador or Fadors, Trustee or Trustees, under such Seque-

stration in Scotland, such provisional Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bank-

rupts out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve, such provisional Security

to be void on the Payment or Satisfaction of the Sum so due by the principal Debtor or Debtors, or by the

Acceptance of other Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; provided

that such Acceptance of such provisional Security by the said Commissioners, shall operate as a Release of the

Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts for the Benefit of thevCreditors under the said Commission of Bank-

ruptcy in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatsoever, by the said Commissioners,

other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Com mi f-

sioners and the said Assignces under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said

Commissioners, and the said Fador or Fador?, Trustee or 'Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scot-

landy to be reserved by them for such provisional Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall

require such Security : Provided always, that any such Release of the Estate or Estates of any such Bank-

rupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid, whether Principals or Sureties, upon any such Loan as aforesaid, shall not

be deemed or taken either in Law or Equity to discharge any other Person or Persons, or the Estate or Ef-

. feds of any other Person or Persons, or to affect any other Security for the fame Debt, or in any Manner to

prevent any Contribution,amongst Sureties, or any Demand of Sureties against their Principals provided for

by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any such Surety or Sureties, upon any such Loan by the said

Commissioners under this Act, shall be declared Bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal Debtor or Debt-

ors thereon shall not, within fourteen Days after Notice thereof, and Reqtiifition made for that Purpose by

the said Commissioners, produce another Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners,

to become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound in the said Sum, by the like Surety or Sureties,

in lieu of the Surety or Sureties so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay to the said Commissioners Onc-

half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties were bound by such Security or Securities, then the Secu-

rity and Securities given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors shall be deemed forfeited as far

as to the Amount of One-half of the Sum or Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectivel y ;

and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause Process to be issued in the Manner pre-

feribed by this Act against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Executors, and Administra-

tors, for the Recovery of One-half Part of all and every the Sum and Sums in which such Surety or Sure-

ties were bound respectively, together with Interest and Costs, to be directed by the said Commissioners in

pursuance of this Act. v

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of

their Secretary for the Time being, to apply, by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courts in England and

Scotland respectively, for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against the Estate or Effects of

any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the fame respectively, in like Manner as

any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXVL And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy

which shall, at any Time hereafter, be awarded and iiTued out in England, and the Court of Session, or

Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the Time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the

Management of the fequestered Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt, or

Grounds of Debt, under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of ahy Person appointed by the

said Commissioners to ad in the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation, and AffiJavit respec-

tively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper Officers having Authority by Law to ad-

minister Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits, in Cafes of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person

Jb authorized by the said Commissioners to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees, Fador or Fadors,

Trustee or Trustees, as the Cafe may require, of such Bankrupt’s Estate and Effects, and to do and execute

every other Act, Matter, and Thing, relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person

so authorized was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy, by the

Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in that Part of Great Britain called Eng—

landyOv the proceeding to or under Sequestration in Scotland, provided that every Assignemnt of the Estate

or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts tinder the said Commission in England, and every Ad of Sequef-

tration of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of

the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and until the fame shall be fully paid or secured to be

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That all Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, or other Heritable or Real

Securities, and all Assignments of Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, or other Heritable or Real Securities, and

a\lo all Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and other Negotiable Securities for Money whatso-

tver, given to or deposited with the said Commissioners, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act,

35 Geo. ill. Hh 1 shall

Commissioner*

may accept lioni

Afli$nees, &c.

of Sureties be-

coming Bank-

rupts, provi-

sional Security

for Payment ot*

Sums due, Sec.

If principal

Debtors do not

in a limited

Time province

Sureties in place

of such as be-

come Bank-

rupts, or pay

Half of the Sum

for which they

wtre Sureties,

their Securities

shall be deemed

forfeited to that

Amount.

Commissioners

may apply for

Commissions of

Bankruptcy,

Sec.

Any Person ap-

pointed by the

Commissioners

flull be admit-

ted to prove

Debts, &c.

Ad not to delay

the Execution

of Commission*

of Bankruptcy,

Sec. if Estates

and EtFeds be

subject to the

Claims of the

Commissioners.

Depoflts vested

in the Commis-

sioners by a cer-

tain Descript ion,

who may lue

