s

93°

Time of Deli-

very of Ac-

counts.

Clerk of Cockct

Office to pro-

vide Blank

Forms of Ac-

counts, and no

others shall be

used, Scc.

Vakers who

have not pur-

chafed any Meal

or Flour within

the preceding

seven Days, to

deliver in an

Account as

herein specified.

^ 9. of recited

Act, preferring

the Oath to be

taken byBaktrs,

repealed j and

the Oath fol-

lowing to be

taken.

Oath.

C.lv.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

And that every such Account so hereby required from any Baker or other Person making or who shall make

Bread for Sale within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be fa

as aforesaid prepared and delivered before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the F orenoon of the Saturday

whereon the fame is to be delivered, and every such Account hereby required from any Baker or other

Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale, without or beyond the Limits of the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, but within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be so as aforesaid prepared and delivered

before the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Saturday on which the fame is to be de-

livered. ' - ~ i

II. And be it also enabled. That, for enabling and compelling the Laid Bakers and other Persons to pre.

pare such last-mentioned Weekly Accounts more accurately, there shall be, from 'l ime to Time, provided

by the Clerk of the Cocket Office, and kept at the said Office, a sufficient Number of printed Forms of

such Accounts, with Blanks ready to be filled up, similar to, or to the like Eflfect as the Form hereinbe-

fore prescribed for the fame Weekly Accounts, and that all such Bakers and other Persons from whom

such Weekly Accounts as last mentioned are hereby required, shall, at all proper and seasonable Times, on

Application to the said Office, be supplied With such and so many of the said printed Forms, as they re-

flectively may stand in need of, on paying a reasonable Price for the fame, not exceeding the Rate of one

Shilling and Sixpence per Hundred; which printed Forms so to be provided and obtained as last mentioned,

shall alone be mide use of by every such Baker and other Person for every

every such last-mentioned Account shall be marked and distinguished by such particular Letter and Number,

% I ^ jm VVTllA I ft* It r I % I

to be printed or written at the Top of every Weekly Account to be delivered by every such Baker or other

Person, as the proper Officer for the Time being at the said Cocket Office shall mention and direct in that

Behalf, and so as that such Accounts may be distinguished, not only by the proper Names of the Bakers

or other Persons who shall have prepared the fame, but also by particular Letters and Numbers to be allot-

ted to them respectively, and so as that each Weekly Account of one of such Persons may be marked and

known by A. 1, of another by A. 2, of a third by A. 3, and so on in a regular progressive Series of Num-

bers, up to A. 100, beyond which B. 1, B. 2, B. 3, et cetera, are to be used for the like Purposes up to

B. too, and so on in like Manner alphabetically throughout the whole Alphabet, if need be, each Letter

being used for an hundred Persons only, and that jointly with Numbers from Number 1 to Number 100

inclusive. ^ /-vES

III. And, for preventing the unnecessary summoning and molesting of Bakers in the Cafe next herein-

after mentioned, be it also enabled, That when any Baker or other Person from whom Weekly Accountsof

Days next preceding any Saturday, buy any ]

Bread, then and so often as the Cafe shall ha

the Meal and Flour to be bought by him are hereby required, shall not, for the Term or Space of seven

for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten

ppen, every such Baker or other Person, not having during

such seven Days bought any such Meal or Flour as last-mentioned, shall and is hereby required, upon ttos

said Saturday immediately following the fame seven Days, to prepare and deliver, instead of such Weekly Ac-

count as aforesaid, and at such Time and Place as is hereinbefore directed concerning such Weekly Account,

one of the printed Forms hereinbefore directed to be used for such Baker’s Weekly Accounts, containing

the proper Letter and Number at the Top thereof, and the Word None” written in the Column inti-

tuled Number of Sacks,” and specifying particularly, and in Words at Length, the Street or other

Place or Places, and Parish or Parishes, wherein such Baker or other Person shall then dwell and carry

on his Bufinefe, and otherwise filled up in a -sufficient Manner, and signed by such Baker or other

Person. ^ '

IV. And be it also enabled, That so much of the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, as prescribes the Oath or Affirmation thereby directed to be taken by Bakers or other

Persons making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale, and the Manner of administering such Oath or Affirm-

ation, and as infliCts a Penalty on Bakers and other Persons omitting to take the fame, shall be, and is hereby

repealed j and that instead thereof, every Baker making, or who shall make, Bread for Sale within the City

of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal

Exchange, shall, within one Calendar Month next after the passing of this ACt, or within one Calendar

Month from the Time when he shall begin to make Bread for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, take the

following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm, as hereinafter mentioned j (that is to

fcyj

‘ r A. B. do swear: [or affirm,] That the Accounts which I shall hereafter deliver, or cause to be delivered,

4 A at the Cocket Office in the Mansion Housey in the City of London^ of and concerning the Meal or Flour

4 (made of Wheat) which henceforward shall be bought by or for me, shall, to the best of my Knowledge

and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Meal or Flour (made of Wheat) really

and tiuly bought by or for me, within the Period to which such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the

4 Name> of the Sellers or Persons of whom the fame shall be bought, and with the just and true Prices re-

spectively, without Collusion under any Pretence whatsoever, and shall be, to the best of my Judgment,

conformable in all other Rcfpects to the Directions of an ACt, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the

r 1 !/* k f » ry _ t 1 /f j§ / m m _ 1 v i r . i V t

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, made in the thir

Act to

(4

ty seventh Tear of

1 Act^ made in the

lajeitj

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4t An Act to amend and render more effectual an

thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Steend, intituled, An ACt for the due

nuking

