i

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tiicelimo sexto Georgii III.

c.

58.

343

nccefiary and expedient, that other Ports should have the like Benefits extended to them \ be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of thfc fame,

That, upon the Importation into the Ports of Barnstaple, Biddeford, Bridgewater, Bridport, Cardiff, Car-

digan, Carnarvon, Fowey, Neivhaven, Scarborough, Shore!) am, IPeymouth, Bon oiujl onefs, Perth, Grange-

mouth, and Port Dundas, or the taking out of Warehouse of any Wheat or other Articles mentioned and

described in the said Act, the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall be entitled to and shall receive the like

Bounty as if such Wheat, or other Articles, had been imported into any of the Ports mentioned in the said

Act.

II. Provided always. That the said Wheat, and other Articles, so imported or taken out of Warehouse,

shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as if the fame had

been imported into any of the Ports mentioned in the said recited Act, or had been taken out of Warehouse

in pursuance thereof. ,

CAP. LVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Quali-

fications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-

demnify Members md Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for

allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped ; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors;

and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for

allowing further Time for that Purpose.—[z6th April 1796.J

CAP. LVII I.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the

Subjects of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Com-

merce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belong-

ing to the said United States.—[26th April 1796.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of h’.: present Majesty, intituled

An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United

States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying

on Trade and Commerce between the Subjedis of his Majestfs Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Jatd

United States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third

r 1 • . r _ n M _ • /i lc r _•_•_#• m jf • n • n *+ .» j .. • CT* j 1

M carrying on Iraae and

the United States of

........, _______L................. v ,__________ Plantations in America,

with rejf>edi to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to

1 the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so

1 far as the fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place

* bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom ; which said last mentioned Act has

1 also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

1 and ninety-six: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present

1 Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

1 Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said

1 Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign should be further continued; may it therefore

4 pi case your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the twenty-third

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried

on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and

that the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters

and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer.

Geo. III. Cap. 45. to continue in force t:

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce

of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported

xrom hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall

j6Geo. III. Y y . hereafter

Bounties

granted by

reciicd ACt on

Wheat, ftc.

imported,

extended to

certain other

Ports,

subject to the

like Ru.cs.

13 Geo III,

Cap 39.

04 Ceo. Ill,

Cap. 45.

23 Geo. IIJ.

Cap. 39. so far

as relates to the

Commerce

between this

Kingdom and

the United

States of Ame-

rica, and 24

11 April 5, 1797.

Articles lrom

any Place bor-

dering on the

Baltic, which

