18 o

C. i oi.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An At1 for the

encouraging and increofing of Shipping and Navigation,) is directed and allowed, and brought from some

of the Ports of those Countries or Places whereof the fame is the Growth or Production, and which (half

come directly by Sea, and not otherwise: And whereas there is at present very great and immediate Want

of Organzined Thrown Silk, from Italy, for the Use and Purpose of Warp in the Silk Manufacture, with-

out which the Manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of Manufacturers nmft be unem-

ployed Re it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring

into this Kingdom, fionrt any Poit or Place in Amity with his Majesty, in any Ship or Vefl'el whatsoever,

until the Expiration of twenty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Organzined

Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy \ any Thing contained in the EkI recited ACts, or any

other Act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Majesty in any Vessels for a certain Time. . E '* e\

II. Provided always. That this AO, nor any Thing herein contained, shall extend to give Liberty to

import any Italian Thrown Silk, that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof known and distinguished by the

Name of Third Bolonia \ nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram, of the Growth of Italy; nor any

other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Perfta, East India, or China, under the Pe-

nalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the Purport,

true Intent, and Meaning of this ACt; one Moiety whereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cessors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be re-

covered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law plating to his Majesty’s

Revenue of Customs.: . -

III. And for the better and more eftectual Execution of this ACt, and to prevent the Importation of

any Sort of Thrown Silk, not Organzmed, be it further enaCted and declared. That all such Organzined

Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this ACt, wheresoever landed, shall be brought to his Majesty’s

Custom-house at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that al-

lowed by this ACt, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such 'Thrown Silk as shall be imported contrary to the

Thrown Silk of

Italy may be

imported from

any Place in

Amity with his

Act not to ex-

tend to Silk

coarser than

Third Eo!onia,

r.or Train, nor

Thrown Silk

of Turkey, &c.

which shall be

forfeited.

All such Silk to

be brought to

the Custom

House at Lon*

don, en Penalty

of Forfeiture.

la Car. II. Cap.

J6,

Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this ACt; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue

for the fame, robe recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited maybe recovered by any Law

relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs $ any 'Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any

wife notwithstanding. j

IV. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, intituled, An Ailfor the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is, among ft

other Things, enaCted, That no Sort of Flax shall be imported into Eng!andy Ireland, lValesy or Town

of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but such as do truly and yith-

Flax or Flax

Seed may be

imported in ary

VciTcl belong-

ing to States in

Amity with his

Majesty, fora

certain Time.

13 and 14

Car. I!. Cap. 12,

recited.

tien, or Manufacture, respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can only be, ormost usually arc,

fuft shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at least are of

the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods: And whereas it is

expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom in Fo-

reign Neutral Ships and Vessels, although such Ships or Vessels are not of the Built of the Country or

Place of which Flax or Flax Seed is the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or of the Port where such

Flax or Flax Seed can only be, or most usually hath been, hrft shipped for Transportation :* Be it therefore

enaCted by he Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this ACt, and until twenty Days after

the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons

to import into this Kingdom of Great Britain, any Sort of f lax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel be-

longing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty,his Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign

Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and subj^Ct to the

same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in any Refpects, as such Flax and Flax Seed would, by any

Law in force, have been fubjtCt and liable to, if the fame had been imported in Foreign Ships or Vessels of

the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production, or Ma-

nufacture; any Thing in the before-recited ACt, or any other ACt or ACts of Parliament, to the contrary

notwithstanding.' $ it, T; , i

> c & j 1 # 9 - t i'&T

/ v v CAP. Cl.

An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons, until they shall become actually charge-

able.— [asd June 1795.]

\T7 HEREAS by an ACt, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the

‘ W Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Boor of this Kingdom j reciting. That

‘ whereas, by reason of some Defects in the Law, poor People are not rcltrained from going from one Pa-

4 rish to another, and therefore do endeavour to settle themselves in those Parishes where mere is the best

Stock, the fcrgeft Commons or Wastes to build Cottages, and the most Woods for them to burn and

9' . t destroy*

