556 C. 69, 70. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

31 Geo. 3. c. 5.

and

3$G<o. 3.C. 14.

recited.

Duties under

recited A&«,

and this A&,

raay be nfit fled

in one Sum, See.

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

VIII. And whereas the several Duties after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act,

4 passed n the thirty-full Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Ad1 for granting to his

Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commffoners for the

4 Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned; and of ten Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act, pafltrd in the

4 thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty further

4 additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Com miff oners for the Affairs of

4 Taxes, therein mentioned; and of ten Pounds per Centum, by this Act granted, make together the Sum of

4 twenty Pounds per Centum, on the Amount of all the several Rates and Duties whereon the respective

4 Duties of ten Pounds per Centum arc imposed;’ be it further enacted, That in alTefting and charging the

said respective Duties, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the said former Duties,

it shall be lawful for the said respective Com mi dinners. Inspectprs, Surveyors, and Assessors of the said

Duties, to afjfcfs and charge the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the several

Rates and Duties whereon the respective Duties of ten Pounds per Centum are imposed by the said several

Acts, and this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and Charge, instead of distinct Assessments and

Charges; and to certify and return the fame upon such Assessments to the respective Commissioners autho-

rized to put the said Acts in Execution, at their respective Meetings to be held for returning such Assess-

ments in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs,

Cinque Ports, 'Downs, and Places respectively; which said Sum and Sums so certified shall be added to the

Amount of the former assessed Rates and Duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received under

the Rules, Regulations, and Directions prescribed by the said former Acts, subject nevertheless to such pro-

portional increase or Abatement in the Amount thereof, as shall be necessary in case the said former Rates

or Duties so assessed shall be increased or diminished by any Surcharge thereupon, or Appeal therefrom,

in pursuance of the said former Acts. , '*[ / " (:i .'V

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increas-

Charge by.

any Loan of this

Session, and for

ten Years to be

kept, with other

Duties granted

f r the fame

Purpose, fc pa-

rate from other

Monies.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duties hereby

granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the

rurpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock created, or to be

created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or to be paired, in this Session of Parliament; and that the

said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, dillindlly and

apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which

all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies

arising from any other Rates and Duties granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying

such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Any Person

who shall at-

tempt to seduce

any Sailor or

Soldier from his

Duty, or incite

him to Mutiny,

&c. to be gui.ty

Felony with-

out Clergy.

Where Offences

may be pro-

secuted.

Persons tried for

Offences aj’a.nit

this AO, not to

K tried again

for the fame, as

CAP. LXX. ' ^i:4J

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving

in His Majesty’s Forces, by Sea*or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Ma-

jesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.—[6th June 1797.]

WHEREAS divers wicked and evil-disposed Persons, by the Publication of written or printed Pa-

pers, and by malicious and advised Speaking, have of late industriously endeavoured to seduce

4 Persons serving in his Majesty’s Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty,

and to incite them to Mutiny and Disobedience;’ be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Per-

son who shall maliciously and advisedly endeavour to seduce any Person or Persons serving in his Majesty’s

Forces, by Sea or Land, from his or their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite or stir up any

such Person or Persons to commit any Act of Mutiny, or to make, or endeavour to make, any mutinous

Assembly, or to commit any traiterous or mutinous Practice whatsoever, shall, on being legally convicted

of such Offence, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit

of Clergy. < *. i* I

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed against

this Act, whether committed on the High Seas or within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall

and may be prosecuted and tried before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County

in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the said Offence had been

therein committed. 1 f

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Person who shall be tried and ac-

quitted, or convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indidled, prosecuted, or tried

again for the fame Offence or Fadt, as High Treason, or Mifppifien of High Treason; and that nothing in

this

