IIO

• C. 59. Anno triceflmo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Counties men- ley, Beer, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respective Counties in the fa:d recittd Act mentioned,

tioned inneited the additional Composition, Licence Duty, or Sum, at the Rate of twenty Shillings by ih? Year ; and for

Act, 208. an- aiK] ljpon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such last-mentioned Stills, over and above the Quan-

nu3lly; and t*,ty limited by the salt! recited Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, anadditional

mad^over the Duty of eight Pence for each Gallon of such surplus Spirits.

Quantity limited by that Act, 3d. additional. v * . vfy

For each Gallon

of Stills used

in England for

making Spirits

from Eritirti

Matmal*, for

Exportation to

Scotland, 91.

annually j

for each Gallon

where Melaflts

or Sugar are

uferl, 15 L j and

where other

Foreign Mate-

rials are used,

iSl-j

and for each

Gallon oirtfti-

fying Stills, 9I.

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus

therewith'connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend,) which shall be used or employed by any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers

of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Com, Grain,

Malt, Tilts, Cyder, Perry, or other Wash, or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials,

or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the

Annual Sum of nine Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high

as the Steam can afeend,) which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from

MelalVes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Annual Sum of fifteen

Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English) Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, 1'ube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeendj which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from

foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, (except MelafTes

and Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Annual Sum of eighteen

Pounds: . ## . i > .-t \

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and

every Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, l ube, or other Apparatus

therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as

the Steam can afeend,) which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers

of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the redtifying, compounding, or mixing, of any

Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

the Annual Sum of nine Pounds. *

Part of 33

Geo. 111. Cap.

61, recited.

and -repealed ;

and no Licence

to be granted

for a Wash Still

ot a less Content

than 52 Gallons,

or for a rectify-

ing Still of less

Content than

20 Gallons.

Licences which

have been grant-

for Stills of a

>arger Capacity

than txprefled

in recited Act

tc be valid.

II. 4 And whereas by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, it was among

« other Things enacted, that it should not be lawful to grant any such Licence, as in the said Act is mcn-

« tioned, to.any Distiller or Distillers,Maker or Makers of Spirits, for or in respect of any Wash Still which

4 should not in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of the Content or Capacity less than fifty-

4 two Gallons, English) Wine Measure, and that it should not be lawful to grant any such Licence to any

4 Redlifier or Redlifiers, Compounder or Compounders, of Spirits, for or in respect of any Still for rcdli-

4 fying, compounding, or mixing, which should notin the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of

4 the Content or Capacity less than twenty Gallons, English Wine Mealure: And whereas it was intended

4 that no such Licence as is first above-mentioned should be granted for or in respect of any Wash Still,

4 which should in the Body thereof be of a Content or Capacity less than fifty-two Gallons, and that no

4 such Licence as is secondly abovementioned should be granted for, in respect of any Still for rectifying,

4 compounding, or mixing Spirits, which should in the Body thereof be of a Content or Capacity less than

« twenty Gallons ; and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said recited Prohibitions and Provisions, and

4 to enact the Prohibitions and Provisions herein-after mentioned in lieu thereof:’ Be it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Prohibitions and Provisions shall be, and the fame are hereby

repealed ; and that it shall not be lawful to grant any such Licence as in the said Act is in that Behalf men-

tioned, to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, for or in respectof any Wash Still, which

shall in the Body thereof, exclusive of the Head, be of a Content or Capacity less than fifty-two Gallons,

English Wine Measure ; nor to grant any such Licence as is in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned to any

Redifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, for or in respect of any Still for rectifying,

compounding, or mixing, which shall in the Body thereof, and exclusive of the Head, be of a Content or

Capacity less than twenty Gallons, English Wine Measure; and that the said Prohibitions and Provisions

hereby enacted shall be, and the fame are hereby extended to the Purposes of this Act.

III. 4 And whereas the Commissioners and Officers of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Seot-

4 land, may have, since the passing of the said Act, granted Licences for Stills exceeding the respectiveCon-

4 tents or Capacities herein-before mentioned: And whereas Doubts may be entertained whether the said

4 Commissioners and Officers were authorized by Law to grant such Licences Be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That all Licences granted by or under the Authority of the Commissioners and

Office! S

