622

Mode of miking

the Alfdrments

of aol. per Cent,

and returning

them to the

Co.nmilTioners.

Cap. 69*

First AflV/Tment

to be for three

Quarters, from

July 5> 1797.

and afterwards

for a Year, and

to be paid Quar-

terly.

Puties to be

assessed, &c. as

others under the

Management of

Commissioners

for Taxes.

I

Puties to be

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

Duties, which,

for ten Years,

are, with others

granted for the

fame Purpose,

to be kept fepa-

rate from all

other Monies.

C. 107, 108. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.-JD. 1797.

Yr. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making

the Assessments under this Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds ter Centum, toaflets

the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the former Rates and Duties contained in

any Assessment whereon the Rates or Duties of twenty Pounds per Centum are imposed by any Act or Acts

of Parliament, and the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and

Charge, instead of distinct Assessments an^ Charges, and to return the fame to the respective Comm ill! oners

in the Manner and under the Regulations and Directions prescribed by an Act, passed in this present Sef-

fion of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for granting to his Mai efly additional Duties on the Amount of certain

Duties under the Management of the Comnujjioners for the Affairs of faxes \ and that the respective Collectors

shall and may collect and receive the said Rates and Duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted. 1'hat the first Assessment under this Act shall be made for

three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven ;

and that, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Af-

fefTments cinder this Act shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of April in each Year; and

ment for three Quarters of a Year to be made on the tenth Day of Ofiober one thousand leven hundred

and ninety-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Adljmposed shall severally

and respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like Form and Manner,

and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, Provisoes, and Exemp-

tiens, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any Act

or Acts of Parliament for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying over, the Duties on

Male Servants granted by the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or

any other Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of

them, so far as the fame now remain in Force and are applicable to the said several and respective Duties, or

any of them, and are not altered by this Act; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Di-

rections, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Force, contained in

the said several Acts, or any of them, or any Act or Acts therein referred to, for the assessing, raising, levying,

surcharging, collecting, and paying over, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and

be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assess-

ing, raising, levying, surcharging, collecting, and paying, the several additional Duties by this Act imposed,

as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and

re-enacted by this Act. _ . ^ 'fBjFl

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby im-

posed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from Time to

Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer and shall be carried to and made Part of the

Consolidated Fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the said Duties by this

Act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue

for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue

of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of

ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all the other Branches of the

Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt,

during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties

and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties

granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge

as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, upon any Account whatever. . > nfeNHIfeS

cap. cvnr, f. : f

An Adfc for granting to His Majesty certain Puties on Clocks and Watches.

[19th July 1797.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

4 unto your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned ;, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

4 maybe enabled;* and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and

