A

124

C. 63. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgi i III. A.D. 1795-

ship AND GOODS.

rf'r.: T . . London Assurance House.

N° N° in London. - ’

By the Governor and Company of the London Assurance.

In the Name of God, Amen. as well in own Name as for and*

in the Name and Names of ail and every other Person or Persons to whom the fame doth, may, or shall,

appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Assurance, and causeth and them, and every of them,

to be assured, loft or nor loft, at and from upon any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes

whatsoever; and also upon the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, ancEother

Furniture, of and in the good Ship or Vessel called The whereof is Master (under

God) for this present Voyage or whoever else shall go for Master in the said Ship

or Vessel, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the said Ship or Vessel, or the Master thereof, is or shall

be named or called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods and Merchandizes from and imme-

diately following the loading thereof aboard the said Ship or Vessel at and upon the &id Ship

or Vessel, etc. and so shall continue and endure during her Abode there, upon the

said Ship or Vessel, etc.; and farther, until the said Ship or Vessel, with all her Ordnance, Tackle, Apparel,

etc. and Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at and upon the said Ship or

Vessel, etc. until (he hath moored at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety, and upon the Goods and

Merchandizes, until the fame be there safely discharged and landed: And it shall be lawful for the said Ship

or Vessel, etc. in this Voyage, to proceed and (ail to, and touch and stay at, any Ports or Places whatsoever

- without Prejudice to this Assurance, the said Ship or Vessel, etc. Goods and Mer-

chandizes, etc. for so much as concerns the Aflbreds, (by Agreement between the Afliireds and the London

Assurance,) are and shall be rated and valued at without farther or other Account to be

given by the Aflureds for the fame. Touching the Adventures and Perils, which the said London Assurance

are contented to bear and do take upon them in this Voyage, they are, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire,.

Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jcttifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at

Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition,

or Quality soever, Barretry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lodes, and Misfortunes,

that have or shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Goods and Merchandizes, and Ship

or Vessel, etc. or any Part thereof: And in case of any Loss or Misfortune it shall be lawful to the Aflureds,

their Factors, Servants, and Assigns, tofue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard,

and Recovery, of the said Goods, Merchandizes, and Ship or Vessel, etc. or any Part thereof, without

Prejudice to this Assurance, to the Charges whereof the said London Assurance will contribute according*

to the Rate and Quantity of the Sum herein assured: And it is agreed that this Writing or Policy of

Assurance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest Writing of Policy of Assurance heretofore

made in Lombard Streety or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: And so the said London Assurance

are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their Successors to the Aflureds, their

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the true Performance of the Premises, confessing themselves

paid the Consideration due unto them for this Assurance by the Assured, at and after the Rate of

per Cent. In Witness whereof the said London Assurance have caused their Common Seal to be hereunto

affixed, and the Sum or Sums by them allured to be hereunder written, at their Office in London, this

Day of in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, etc. and in the

Year of our Lord: V.

Free from all Average on Corn, Flour, Fruit, Fish, Salt, and Seeds* except general.

Free from Average on Sugar, Rum, Hides, Skins, Hemp, Flax, and Tobacco, under five Pounds/*/*

Cent, j and on all other Goods, and Ship, under three Pounds per Cent, except general.

The said Governor and Company are content with this Assurance foe { V L

S.G.) S.G. N°

N* S

By the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance.

In the Name of God, Amen. as well in own Name as

for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Person or Persons to whom the fame doth, may, or

shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Assurance, and causeth and them, and

every of them, to be assured, loft or not loft, upon any Kind of Goods

and Merchandizes whatsoever, loaden or to be loaden, and also upon the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance,

Munition, Aitillery, Boat, and other Furniture, of and in the good Ship or Vessel called The

Burthen, or thereabouts, whereof is Master (under God) for this present Voyage

or whosoever else shall go for Master in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame

Ship or the Master thereof is or shall be named 91 called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods

I and

