5°2

lcls than the

Number ap-

pointed by Cap.

3. the Surplus

shall be djf-

chargtd, &c.

As Toon as,a Re-

turn of the

Number of Men

liable to serve

for Birmingham

is made to the

Privy Council

they shall fix

the Number to

serve, in Pro-

portion to the

Number con-

tained in the

Returns.

Officers execut-

ing Act to re-

ceive such Re-

wards as the

Quarter Sessions

shall judge pro-

per, payable

out of the

County Rates.

Provisions of

24 Geo. II.

Cap^44. to ex*

tend to Lieute-

nants and Depu-

ty Lieutenants.

No Order or

Conviction to

he removed, or

Execution fu*

perfeded by

Writ of Cer-

tiorari*

The Provisions

of this and re-

cited Act of the

present Session,

to be used in

Execution of

either.

Act may be al-

tered or repealed

this Session.

- Act of the pre-

sent Session,

Cap. 6. recited.

C. 22,23. Anno tricesimo septimo Oeorg 11 III. A.D. 1796.

shall not have been raised for such County, Riding, or Place, then the said General Meeting of Lieutenancy

shall make an Apportionment of the Number of Men to be raised in each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapen-

take, or Division, within such County, Riding, or Place* according to the Number of Men lb fixed and

settled by his Majesty’s Privy Council as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivi-

fions within such County, Riding, or Place, shall ballot for such Number of Men only as shall be so fixed

and settled as aforesaid. Jfc f tu* ' k

XVI. And whereas at the Time of passing the said Act of the present Session, no Return had been or yet

4 is made for the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick, of the Number of Men liable to serve

in the said Supplementary Militia for the said Town:’ Re it further enacted, That as soon as a Return

shall be made to his Majesty’s Privy Council, of the Number of Men liable to serve for the said Town of

Birmingham, in the said Supplementary Militia, (which Return the Lieutenant of the said County of IVcr-

wick is hereby required to make as soon as conveniently may be,) it shall and may be lajwful for his Maje-

fty’s Privy Council, and they are hereby required forthwith to fix and settle, as near as may be, the Num-

ber of Men who shall serve in the said Supplementary Militia for the said Town of Birmingham, and which

Number so to be fixed shall not bear a greater Proportion to the Number of Persons contained in such Re-

turns than shall be necessary to bring the Number of Men now serving for- the Town of Birmingham in the

Militia for the County of Warwick, and the Number so to be fixed for the said Supplementary Militia, in

the W hole to the Proportion as near as may be of one for every fix Persons contained in the said Returns so

to be made for the said Town of Birmingham, and to transmit Accounts of the Number so fixed and settled

to the Lieutenant of the said County of Warwick for the Time being.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the General Subdivision Meetings of

Lieutenancy, Constables, and other Officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute the said Act

passed in this Session of Parliament, or this Act, in any of the Particulars therein or herein mentioned, and

who shall respectively execute the fame to the Satisfaction of the Justices of the Pence at their respective

Quarter Sessions assembled within the said Counties, Ridings, and Places therein mentioned, shall have and

receive such Rewards, and no other, for their Care and Trouble in and about the executing the said Act ot

the present Session of Parliament and this Act, and for their respective Expences and Charges in the fame,

as the Justices shall judge the said Officers to have delerved; and the said Justices shall, after Allowance

thereof, direct%e fame to be paid by the Treasurer, or other Officer of such County, Riding, or Place,

out of any Money in his Hands of the County Rates; and if such Treasurer or Officer shall not haveluffi-

cient Money in his Hands, of the County Rates, to pay the fame, then such Justices shall, and are hereby

authorized and required to make a Rate for the Payment of the fame, in such Manner and Form as they

are authorized by Law to make Rates for the Repair of Gaols or County Bridges, or any other Purposes for

which the Rate commonly called The County Rate, is or may by Law be applicable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Adtpafied in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justices 0/the Peace

more fofe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Cotistables and others acting in obedience to

their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty’s Lieutenants, and to all Deputy Lieutenants, acting in the

Execution of this Act, or the said Act of the present Session, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually as

the fame extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County,

Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by anyone Deputy Lieutenant, together

with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of the said Act of the

present Session, or this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no

Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so

made in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, or of this Act; but that Execution and other Pro-

ceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwith-

standing. r ? ‘ Ji '?* - j&JHll

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of

the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner

as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said

Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like Manner as if th:

fame Provisions were specially enacted in this Act. r . UAjg

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament. '

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be em-

bodied, in case oj Neccjftly, for the Defence of these Kingdoms —[30th December 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled. At

Act for enabling his Mayfly to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied* in cujc of Sccf

‘ flthfsr *be Defence oj theft Kingdoms, (houla be explained and amended, in the Particulars herein "f

