846

C. 76.

m «

ving Annoying tricesimo c&avo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

No Vessel to be

entered Out-

wards for Fo-

reign Parts, un-

W '

less the Tonnage

Out/ has been

paid.

Tonnage Duty

not to extend to

Vessels not re.

qoired to he re-

Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

of CuAoms.

Additional

Duties to be

managed as

former Duties,

and the Goods

to be subject

to the Rules to

which Goods

liable to Custom

Duties are sub-

jcd*.

receive the same ; and that it shall not be lawful for the Collector or other Officer of the Customs at any

Port in this Kingdom, to permit any Ship or Veftcl to be entered Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any

Cocket or Entry to pass for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be shipped on board any such Ship

or Vessel, unless the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on such Ship or Vessel shall have been first duly paid:

Provided always. That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construrd to extend, to charge the Tonnage

Duty hereby imposed on any British-byilt Ship or Vessel, or on any Ship or Vessel owned by British Sub-

jects, which is not requireJ to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately

before the passing of this Act, or on any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in

Ballad only.

gifttred, nor Vessels in Bailaft. • ' , • • % ^ * > r,

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That such of the new and additional Duties of Customs, and of

the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England^

shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being ; and

such thereof as shall ariie in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of

the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being. ' ’ / T -'V* SBSiv

XXXVI. And be it further enacted. That the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby iinposed

shall and maybe managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered

in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, 6r Methods by which any

of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares,"1 or Merchandize imposed and payable by the said herein-

before recited Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or by any other Act

or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed,

ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered ; and the Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said new and additional Duties of Customs, shall be,

and the fame arc hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Re-

ftridlions. Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize upon which any Duties

of Customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force

on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for

any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or im-

mediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Culloms, or for the Regulation

or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and are

hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution

for and in respectof the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby charged, as far as the fame are ap-

plicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the

said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly re-

peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. ‘

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the new and additional Duties of

Customs, and the Duties of Tonnage imposed by this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Re-

ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues;

and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a

Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Re-

ceipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, iipon any Account whatever ; and the said Monies so paid into the said Re-

ceipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes hereinafter mentioned.

XXX VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed,

shall, together with any other Rates and Duties, granted or to be granted in this Sessionof Parliament, not

exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seven Millions, from Time to Time as the fame shall be paid into the

said Receipt, be iffired and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great

Britain in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight ; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three

-or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to

issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced

within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the

County or Place where the Cau!e of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or De-

fendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her,

or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judg-

ment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs,

and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in any other Cafes to recover Coflsby Law.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until the signing the Prelimi-

nary Articles of Peace, and no longer.

' Table

Duties to be

pai'l into the

Exchequer fe-

parate Irom

other Monies.

Application^

Duties.

Limitation of

AIUors.

General UTUe.

Treble Co(U.

Continuance of

A a.

