XXXV

The .TITLES of the S

tnon and Waste Lands and Ground?, in the Parish of

Bjrrotv, in the County of Lincoln.

$3. An Act to ditloJve the Marriage of the Right Honour-

able Charles Sloane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Alary

Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act for effectuating a Settlement of the Freehold

and Copyhold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of

John Wodchoufi Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris

Spinlter, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their

Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Char-

lotte Laura WodehouJ'e.

60. An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the

Will of Samuel Browne Merchant, to settle the Refklue

of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real Estate,

pursuant-to the Agreements made previous to the Marri-

ages of his Daughters, Pleajance the Wife of Edward

Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hester the Wife of

Jacob Henry AJlley Esquire.

61 - An Act for vesting in Trustees the Settled Estates of

George Haffell Esquire, in Trust, to fell the lame, and

to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the

Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses therein

mentioned. » i,4 ,

62. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Effatcs

of Francis Chaplin Esquire, and Thophilus Buckwjtlb

Esquire, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mons, Moors, Wastes, and W afte Grounds, called Lea

Alocr, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and also a cer-

tain Common Meadow, and all other Commonable

Places and Waste Grounds, within the Township or I

Liberty of Sapperton, in the Parish of Church Broughton,

in the County of Derby.

64. An ACt for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Com-

monab’e Places, in the Parish of Chalgrave, in the County

of Be .ford,

65. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, cer-

tain hftates at Mappowder and Plujh, in the County of

Dorset, and Inkpen and Kintbury, in the County of Bucks,

devised by the Will of John late Earl Spencer, in Trust,

•to convey the fame to the Right Honourable George John

Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Ules

and Trusts of the said Will, on the said Right Honour-

able George John Earl Spencer, settling in lieu thereof, to

the Lies and upon the Trusts of the said Will, his Estate

at Goapei Brampton, in the County or Northampton.

66. An ACt for effectuating an Exchange between the

Riz ht Honourable Earl of Ashburnham and the Dean

and Chapter of .Canterbury, of the Advowson of the Rec-

tory of Ninfield for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Ash-

l urn ham, both in the County of Sussex.

67. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and Common or Waste Land, in Mollington, in the

Counties of Oxford and Warwick, within the Parish of

Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several

Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures,

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the

Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, ex-

cept the Commonable Lands lying within the Borough of

Whitchurch, and except the Common Arable Field called

The Burgage Field• , r , . »;.

EATUTES, s7Ceo.I.

I 69. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common PaftureS,

I and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury, in the County of

Northampton, (except such Commonable Lands and

Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within

the prefect Ringmound of the Forest of Whittlcwood or

Whittlebury); and for extinguishing a Right of Common

in and over two certain Pieces cf Ground within the said

Parish, called Porter's Wood and Long Hedge.

70. An Act for enabling the Governors of the Free Gram-

mar School of Queen Mary, at Walsall in the County of

0 Stafford, to fell certain Mines under Part of their Lands,

and to fell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying

dispersed, for improving and extending the Benefits of the

Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts

and Powers of the said Governors, and for enabling them

to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes.

71. An Act for establiftiing and rendering effectual certain

Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm

and customary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and

Lord ship of Hornly, and Manor of Tat ham, in the

County Palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have omit-

ted, now to come in and purchase the Timber Trees and

Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements,

and for veiling the Idle Property thereof in them respec-

tively, and extinguishing the cultomary Right of the

other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguistiing

the Freehold Fee Farm and customary Rents, Boons,

Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed

for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who

have executed the said Articles cf Agreement, and for

extending the like Powers and Benefits to such of the

said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who

shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trusts

thereof, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are

in this Bill mentioned.

72. An Av£t for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares,

devised by the Will of James Davis Esquire, of and in

several Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester,

in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the

Money arising thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and

for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates,

to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

73. An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in

the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, devised

by the Will of Elliot Salter Esquire, decealed, and for lay-

ing out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase

of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be

conveyed to the same Uses.

74. An Act for dividing*, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in

the Parish of Coin Saint Dennisy in the County of Glou-

ccjlcr• . M ► '

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Com-

mon and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable

Lands and YVaftc Grounds, in the Parish of Diddingtoriy

otherwise Dcdington, in the County of Huntingdon.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ashcotty

in the County of Somerset.

yj. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments,

devised by the Will of John Perrott Esquire, deceased, in

Trustees,

