m ~ ~ . * % • *

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo qninto Georgii III.

C. 36.

85

4

(

(

c

4

4

4

4

4

4

U

44

44

cap. xxxvr.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

^ [28th April 1795*]

4 Mofl Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, have

freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and fifty-eight thousand five

hundred and forty-one Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of

fifty-five thousand Tickets at thirteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence each, in such Manner as is

herein-after directed and appointed: And whereas pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Con-

ditions ^xprefied in, the said Kefolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for

that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred and fifty-eight thousand

five hundred and forty-one Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, and made Deposits with the Cashiers

of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound five Shillings and ten Pence in

respt& of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beleech your Majesty*

that it may be enacted, &cS

41 All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are required

41 to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier to give Security, to the

44 Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer.

44 Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000/., the

Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of

the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to

examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt

44 for the fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed T ickets, with an Account of Money

44 received and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the Middle

44 Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk ; and cut off indentwife into a Box marked

14 with the Letter (y/), and put into another Box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with

44 two Columns, on each of which 55,000 Tickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outennoft Column

44 of the last- mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B

44 &c. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on,

Feb. 27, 1796. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be ad-

jufted by the Managers. Forging Tickets, dsfr. made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering.

Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50/. Reward. No Attainder for any Offences against this Act

shall make any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs. Managers to be sworn.

Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book ; giving a Note for the fame;,

which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 13/. 15r. 10d. paid. After Afoy 22, 1795, the

Cashier may deliver Tickets not exceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed ; and flia.ll give

Receipts for the Residue of such Sums, after deducting the Value of the Tickets so delivered. Con-

tributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the.

Tickets to be returned to the Managers, &c. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Ma-

nagers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500,000/. for the Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be

charged on any Supplies granted this Session ; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduc-

tien, on July 1, 1796, Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Pickets for Cer—

44 tificates. Certificates to be numbered, tsV., and signed, 07. Commissioners of the Treasury em-

44 powered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution*of this Act. No Fee to be taken for

44 receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for Receipts, on Penalty of 20/. No Person to take

44 down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, unless employed as a Clerk, or licensed

44 so to do.”

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners

of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive from the said Commissioners

of Stamp Duties, or their Officers, on paying a reasonable Price for the fame, proper Numerical Books,

containing the Numbers of the fifty-five thousand Tickets in the said Lottery, in Arithmetical Progression,

as aforesaid, every of which Books shall exceed in Length twenty-one Inches, and in Breadth Seventeen

Inches, and shall be bound in stiff Milled Boards, and shall be stamped and marked on every Leaf thereof

by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and by no

other Person or Persons whatever ; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have

Power and Authority to grant such Licences to such Persons, who shall be duly licensed to keep Lottery

Oifices, and to such other Persons acting on Account of such Offices respedlively, as the said Commissioners

shall approve, and to none other ; and if any Person present at the Drawing of the said Lottery, (not being

duly authorized or licensed in Manner aforesaid,) shall at such Time and Place, take or set down in

Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when or after the fame shall be drawn, or any

Figures or Marks to denote the fame, or shall make or begin to make any Register or Lift in Writing

of the Numbers of any Tickets, which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make,

or of carrying on such Register or Lift, or shall have in his Custody or Possession, at such lime and Place

as aforesaid, any printed or written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the 'Pickets in the said Lottery, or of

any

u

44

44

a

«(

44

Persons li-

censed, to re-

ceive from the

Stamp Office

Numerical

Books, which

shall be damped

on every Leaf.

Commissi oners

to grant Li-

c:nces only

on Account of

licensed Lottery

Offices.

Utilicensed Per-

fons taking

down or pub-

ljshing the

Numbers of

Tickets drawn,

&c. to forfeit $1.

5

