I

A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricedmo feptimo Georgii III. C. 37j 38) 39*

I V~. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed# by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England^ for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.—[27th A/Iarch 1797.]

527

Afl to conti-

nue in force till

April 5, 1798 5

but may be

repealed this

Session.

u

1

r*

I

Act of pre-

sent Session,

Cap. 5, recited;

and so much

thereof as di-

rects the Num-

ber of Men to be

raised for the County and the City of Aberdeen, repealed.

CAP. 'XXXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled.

An AlI for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal

Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His

JMajeJlfs Army and Navy.— [27th March 1797.]

4 TT 7 HERE AS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

4 W for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns,

4 in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of his Majestf s Army and Navy, should be

4 altered, explained and amended:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That so much of the said Act, as directs one hundred and fifty-four Men to be levied for the

County of Aberdeen, and thirty-two Men for the City of Aberdeen, including the Parish of Old Alachar, shall

be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That for the County of Aberdeen, including the Whole of the Parish of Old ^Icn

Machar, there shall be levied one hundred and fifty-nine Men* and for the City of Aberdeen twenty-seven tht county 3rd

Men. * the City of Aberdeen.

III. And be it enacted, That in case the said City of Aberdeen shall have raised thirty-two Men as directed J* tllc.c.!ty

by the said Act, and delivered them over to the Regulating Officer, five of that Number shall be added to -^en/thc^

those appointed to be raised by the said County; and the said County shall refund to the said City the Ex-

pence incurred in raising the said five Men, to be calculated at the average Rate of the Expence of raising

the said thirty-two Men, but not to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds Sterling for each Man.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs two Men to be levied for the Town

of Melrofi, in the County of Roxburgh, and two Men for the T own of Newton, in the County of JPigton,

shall be and is hereby repealed ; and that for the Town of Alelrofe, and,the Villages of Danielton, Darnick,

Bridgend, Gattenfide, and Newfied, there shall be levied two Men; and for the Town of Newton Douglas

tWO Men. Newton repealed, and another Apportionment made;

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs five Men to be levied for the Town of *s also for

Jedburgh, in the County of Roxburgh, shall be repealed ; and that for the said Town of Jedburgh there shall

be levied three Men, and that the remaining two Men shall be levied for the said County.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as imposes the Number of eight Men upon

the T own of Thurfo, in the County of Caithness, shall be repealed ; and that the Number of three Men be

raised by the said Town of ThurJ0, and the remaining hve by the said County of Caithness^M

Expence of five

to be refunded

by the County.

So much of Cap.

5. as relates to

the Number of

Men to be raised

for Melrofe and

Jedburgh;

and Thurfo.

% Act in such t^ales as equal ana impartial as poiiiDie; out uouots naving arnen wnemcr me junsces

• authorized to apportion the Number of Men to be raised by each Parish otherwise than according to

• Proportion which the Valuation of each Parish bears to the Valuation of the whole County;’ be it thercl

—^ - 1 * r-v-% § 1 x n 4 c 1 r\ * • • % r r \ J I *J*J

VII. ‘ And whereas by the said Act, the Trustees or Magistrates respectively are authorized and required to

• divide and apportion Bounties, Fines, and Penalties, among the Inhabitants of any County or Place, in such

• Manner and by such Rule as to them shall seem most expedient, and as may render the Operation of the said

• Act in such Cafes as equal and impartial as possible; but Doubts having arisen whether the Justices aie

^ & » ft ^ V i ^ A MP * » it mm * ft • /• ft • •

the

__________JHHHIHHHiiHHHHiHHHiHHHIilHUHi

_nadled and declared, That the Justices of the Peace, when apportioning the Number of Men to be raised by

each Parish, Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, if it shall appear to them, from the Lifts of inhabited Houses

or otherwise, that any Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, should be rated with a greater Number of Men than

according to the Valuation of the said Parish, the Justices are hereby authorized to fenarate the said Burgh,.

Town, Village, or Place, from the Parish to which it belongs, and to apportion such a Number of Men upon

such Burgh, Town, Parish, or Place, as to the said Justices may feein just and reasonable; and where the

justices have already acted in Manner aforesaid, their Proceedings and Orders arc hereby declared legal and

valid.

VIU. And be it enacted, That every Certificate granted to a Person enrolled in virtue of the said Act, or a

full and true Copy thereof, signed by the Regulating Officer, shall in all Cafes be transmitted along with the

Person enrolled, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or of

the Ship, Tender, or Vessel of War in his Majesty’s Service, in which such Person shall be enrolled or en-

HSE i " I f.. 7 '., tered

Justices may

(e pa lute any /

Place from its

Parish, and rate

it as to them

shall seem just.

[tocCaf. 5.

§ 9*]

Certificates to

be delivered

with Persons

enrolled to the

Commanding

Officers of the

