S66

• Cap. 74.

[ardfeel^Geo.^i

C. 60.]

("&* Stats.

6 Get. 3. r. 96,

to Geo. 3. f. 103,

15 Geo. 3. c. 20.

16 Geo. 3. r. 32.

23 GV0.3.C. 33.]

f Cap. 10.

37<)eo. 3. c. 7.

recited.

and so much

thereof as re-

lates to Import-

ation, Export-

ation, and car-

rying Coastwise,

No such Articles

entered for Ex-

portation before

Feb. 5, 1798,

entitled to

Bounty.

is Car. 2. c.18.

C. 79—84. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Poor therein ; and also an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign% for amending

the said first mentioned Act; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and altering the Manner of

^rating to the Poor of the said Parish, and better effectuating other Regulations relative thereto.

- [6th June 1797.]

: CAP. LXXX. '

0

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, ajl such Streets and other Public

Passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty Spin-

fler, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.—[6th June 1797.J

CAP. LXXXT.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend

several Branches of Canal from and out of their said Navigation.—[6th June 1797.J

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for allowing certain Discounts to the Contributors of eighteen millions raised by Annuities by an

A61 of the present Session of Parliamentf, who shall have completed their Contributions on or before the

Days therein mentioned.—[i9thyw/* 1797-J

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, as pro-

hibits the Exportation and permits the Importation, Duty free, of several Sorts of

Corn, and other Articles made thereof.—[19th June 1797.]

4 \\7 HERE AS an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continuefor a

4 V V limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act to prohibit

4 the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes> and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other Articles

4 of Provisior., for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of Duty \ and for permitting

4 IVheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported, in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Sef-

4 fion of Parliament, but which have not been found Jit for making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of

4 Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low Ivines and Spirits: And whereas, fmee the

4 passing of the said A61, the Prices of several of the Sorts of Corn therein mentioned have been considerably

4 diminished :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, so much of the said A61 as relates to the Importation and Exportation, and the carrying

Coastwise, of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made

thereof, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

of Barley, tec. repealed. * ~ . r1’

II, Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Articles mentioned in this Act, which shall be

entered for Exportation before the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall

be entitled to any Bounty upon the Exportation thereof $ any Act, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant

or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or Foreign Yeflels,

from any Place whatsoever, for a limited Time.—[19th June 1797.]

4 \ X 7 HERE AS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

4 Vy Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and incrcafinr of Shipping and Navigation, all Goods

4 or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, or any Part

4 thereof, are to he imported and brought into the Kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ((lands of

4 Guernsey and Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in English) built Shipping, or other Shipping be-

4 longing to some of the aforesaid Places, whereof the Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners at leatt are

4 English, and are not to be shipped and brought from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but

4 only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods

4 and Commodities can only, or are or usually have been first shipped for Transportation, and from none

4 other Places or Countries, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods, excepting in some

4 particular Cafes provided by the said Act: And whereas, by the said in part recited Act, U is al(b enacted,

