594

At the Sale, or

upon Delivery

of Meal and

flour, a Bill of

Parcels thereof

•o be delivered

therewith.

Se ller and

Buytr, in De-

fault thereof, to

forfeit 40s.

The Prices of

Meal and Flour

to be fixed at

the Time of

Sale, and before

Delivery j

and any Person

felling or buy-

ing in any other

Manner to for-

feit 20I.

Bakers to take

the Oath, or

make the Af-

firmation fol-

lowing.

Penalty on any

Person making

Bread lor Sale

without taking

such Oath, Scc.

51*

A Return to

be made by the

Meal Weighers

every Monday,

of the Quanti-

ties, forts, and

Prices, of all

such Meal and

Flour made of

C. 98.

Anno triedimo feptimo Georg 11 III. . A.D. r797*

VII. And, for better enabling the said Bakers or other Pcifons to prepare such Accounts of Meal and

Flour as before directed, be it also enabled. That at the Sale, or upon every Delivery of Meal or Flour

made of Wheat to any Baker or other Person making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale, within the said

City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange,

there shall also be delivered therewith a true and perfect Bill of Parcels, signed by the Seller or Sellers of such

Meal or Flour, or his or their known Agent or Agents, setting forth the Names of the Seller or Sellers, and

Buyer, of the Meal or Flour so delivered, with the real Quantities and Prices thereof, and also the Day of

the Month on which the fame shall he delivered ; and in default thereof every Person, being a Seller of such

Meal or Flour, or of any Part thereof, and not delivering, or causing to be delivered therewith, such true and

perfect Bill of Parcels as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and

pay the Sum of forty Shillings ; and every Person being a Buyer of such Meal or Flour, or of any Part

thereof, and receiving or accepting the fame without such true and perfect Bill of Parcels as aforesaid, shall,

for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

VIII. 4 And whereas it has frequently happened that large Quantities of Meal and Flour have been der

4 livered to Buyers thereof, without any Price having been fixed or agreed on for the fame at the Time of

4 such Delivery, and sometimes it has been agreed that the Prices of Meal or Flour Ihotfld, after Delivery

4 thereof to the Buyer, be fixed according to the Price of Meal or Flour in some future Week, and inal-

4 much as by such Means this Act might be evaded, or the Execution thereof rendered difficult or tmper-

4 feet,’ be it therefore enabled. That the Prices of all the Meal and Flour made of Wheat, which shall

henceforward be fold within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, {hall be agreed on and absolutely fixed at the 'Lime of Sale, and

before the Delivery thereof, and the Price or Prices of any such Meal or Flour as aforesaid, which shall here-

after be delivered to any Buyer or other Person, within the said City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mor-

tality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall not, on any Account or Pretence w'hatsoever, be re-

gulated by, or made to depend on the Price which Meal or Flour shall fell for at any Time or Times subse-

quent to such Delivery ; and in case any Person or Persons shall fell or buy, or agree to fell or buy, within

the said City or Liberties, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, any

Meal or Flour made of Wheat, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the Provisions and Restrictions

last hereinbefore contained, he or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted

thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Baker, or other Person making or who shall make Bread for

Sale, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within

ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, within one Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, or

within one Calendar Month from the Time when he shall begin to make Bread for Sale, within the Limits

aforesaid, take the following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm as hereinafter men-

tioned; (that is to say,) . . -

4 J A. B. do swear [or, affirm], That the Accounts which I shall hereafter leave or cause to be left at the

c Cocket Office in the Mansion House, in the City of London, of and concerning the Meal or Flour

c (made of Wheat) which henceforward shall be bought by or for me, shall, to the belt of my Knowledge

and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Meal or Flour (made of Wheat) bond fide

4 bought by or for me, within the Period to which such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the Names of

4 the Sellers, or Persons of whom the fame shall be bought, and with the Prices-respectively, and shall be,

4 to the heft of my Judgment, conformable in all other Respects to the Directions of an Act, passed in the

4 ^L#__ r_____l . r_ 1 n t 1 r . n t n .• t 1 a Am 1 1 7 /r n J

44

44

thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his preterit Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual

in Act, made in the thirty-fir A Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,intituled,44 An

Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AjTize thereof, and to punish Persons who fljall

/ /. 71 f 9 n/ V 71 » %% t- s* . f y » *4/ . >#.7* » » - 71 » . t /■ l 1

adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread,” so far as the fame relates if the AjJize and tanking of Bread to be sold in

4 the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the IVeekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles

4 of the Royal Exchange.*

Which Oath (or Affirmation) the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being (whether such

Baker shall reside within the said Lord Mayor’s Juriidiction or not) or any other fultice of the Peace within

whose Jurisdictionfuch Baker shall reside, is hereby authorized and required to administer, upon being duly

supplied to for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office

of the said City ; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be so administered, certified, and registered, with-

out any Fee or Reward to be demanded or paid for the fame; and in case any Person shall carry on the

Trade and Business of a Baker, or shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof,

or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, without taking the said

Oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the Directions of this A<£t, every such Person so offending

shall, on being convicted of such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That weekly, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday,

a general Return or Account of the Quantities, Sorts, and Prices, of all such Meal and Flour made of

Wheat, as shall have been bought by Bakers and other Persons making Bread for Sale, within the said City

and Liberties, and Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in the Courle of the pre-

ceding Week, and mentioned in the said Accounts of Meal and Flour for that Week, together with the

Average Price of such Meal or Flour, shall be prepared from and by Means of the lame Accounts, in such

9 Manner

