A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georg 11 III. C. 89.

covered as aforesaid, and it shall and mav be lawful to and for any Justice or Justicgs of the Peace respect-

ively, on the Party*s Confession of such Offence, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, to convict in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, every Person so fuund or discovered as

aforesaid ; 2nd every such Person so convicted shall, immediately on such Conviction, pay down into the

Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, or such Sum to which the

laid Penalty shall be mitigated by the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied

in Manner hereinafter directed ; and if any such Person so convicted shall not forthwith so pay down the

said Penalty, or the Sum of Money to which the fame shall be mitigated as aforesaid, the said Justice or

Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit him or her to the

House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain

and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, to be reckoned from the Day of

such Conviction, and the Person so commuted shall not be discharged until he or (lie shall have paid the

said Penalty, or the Sum of Money to which the fame shall have been so mitigated as aforesaid, or until

the Expiration of the Time for which such Commitment was so made.

XXXVil. And be it further enacted, That no Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, shall be deemed or

taken to be a secure Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, within the Meaning of this Act, unless the fame shall

be approved of, in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise

of the Division or District in which any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft shall be situate, any Thing

in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners

of Rock Salt, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, and Dealer or Dealers

in Salt, shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, from Time to Time, and at all Times when required

so to do by the Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District in which any such Warehouse,

Storehouse, or Loft shall be situate, immediately set about the altering, repairing, or amending, and shall

also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend such Warehouse, Storehouse,

or Loft, and the Walls, Partitions, Roof, and other Parts thereof respectively, to the Satisfaction of such

Surveyor or Supervisor, and to be approved of as aforesaid ; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or

Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Dealer or Dealers, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about

the altering, repairing, and amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the fame respectively,

when thereunto required according to the Directions of this ACt, or if any Person or Persons shall by

any Means, Ad, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, open or enter, or gain Access to any such Ware-

house, Storehouse, or Loft, except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, whose Business it shall

be to attend to unlock the fame, every such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or

Proprietors, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of twenty Pounds. . ' •*' ' 5 pi

' XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by this Act it is directed that any Ware-

house, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place belonging to any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of

Rock Salt, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or Dealer or Dealers in

Salt, shall be locked up and secured, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Supervisor or Surveyor of

Excise of the District or Division within the Compass or Limits of which such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft,

or other Place shall be situate, to provide and affix proper Locks, Keys, and Faftenings of the bess Sort,

at the Expence of the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ware-

house, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place ; and if any such Maker ot Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Pro-

prietor or Proprietors, or Dealer or Dealers, shall neglect or refuse to pay for the Locks, Keys, and Fast-

enings so provided as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, damage, or^ injure any

such Lock, Key, or Fattening, or shall by any Ad, Device, or Contrivance, open, take off7, or remove

any such Lock, Key, or Fattening, or shall open, break, or remove any Door, Shutter, Partition, Floor,

or Roof, or any Part thereof, belonging to any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place as

aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hun-

dred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Lock, Key, or Faftcnjpg shall be provided in pur-

fuance of this Act, all and every Maker and Makers of Salt, Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt, and Pro-

prietor and Proprietors of any bale Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, to whom

such Locks, Keys, and Faftenings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence,

from Time to Time, and at all Limes when required so to do by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors

of Excise of the Division or District in which his, her, or their Salt Work, Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt

Refinery, or Export Warehouse, shall be situate, immediately set about or cause to be set about the altering,

repairing, and amending, and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and

amend the fame respectively, according to such Requifuion ; and if any such Maker or Makers of Salt,

Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work,

or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and* Faftenings, or any or either of them,

shall belong, shall.neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same,

or to alter, repair, or amend the fame, when thereunto required, according to the Directions of this Act,

*38 Geo. HI. * 5 X he.

8 <81

them in the Pe-

nalty, and if not

paid, may com-

mit them to the

House of Cor-

rection

Warehouse* to

be approved of

by. the Surveyor

or Supervisor of

the District

and to be altered

i or repaired on

his Kcquisition.

201. Penalty for

Neglect, or lor

entering Ware-

house*, except

in Presence of

the Officer.

Supervisor or

Surveyor of Ex-

cife may provide

and affix Locks.

Sec. on Ware-

houses at the

Expence of the

Parties.

jool. Penalty

for not paying

for such Locks,

or injuring

tltfQi, Sec.

Locks, &c. to

be altered, and

repaired by the

Owner* on Re-

quifuion of the

Surveyors or

Supervisors, on

Penalty of 201.

