5°

men, &c. to

cause the re-

spective Num-

l>cr of Men to

be raised, to

whom they

may give 10I.

Bounty.

Commissioners

to appoint a

Court to receive

Returns of Men

provided.

Aldermen, tec.

to direct the

Constables to

give Notice to

the Persons

provided to ap-

pear at the

Court, tec.

Oath to be

taken by Per-

sons approved;

who shall be

inrolled to serve

live Years.

Commissioners

may itTue Pre-

cepts ;o the

Aldermen, &c-

to fill up De-

ficfboccs* ‘

Wards not

raising their

t^unta, or not

filling up Va-

cancies, to pay

101. per Man.

Surplus Money

to be Part of

the Regimental

Stock Purse.

Aldermen, tec.

to m ike a Rate

to defray the

Expenses of

railing Men.

Persons a*-

grieved iTuif

appeal to the

-Court of

Mayor,' tec.

C. 27. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795*

the said Wards of the faitl City and Liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the Number of Men, herein-

before appointed to be raised in their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen, or Deputy, and

Common Council Men, of the several Wards* aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall provide the

Number of Men directed to be raised in their respective Wards, who shall be fit and able Men* and be

approved by the Adjutant or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and who

shall have not more than one Child born in Wedlock, and who shall reside in the said City or within three

Miles thereof; and the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of the several Wards aforesaid,

or the major Part of them, shall, and are hereby authorized and empowered, to give unto such Men so to

be provided, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds to each Man, to serve In the Militia

for each Ward; and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Court or Courts to be holden, not less than

twenty Days, or more than forty Days, after issuing such Precepts, to receive a Return of such Persons as

shall be so provided; and the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of the several Wards

aforesaid, or the tnajor Part of them, shall direct the Constables, Beadles, or other Ward Officers, to give

Notice in Writing to every Person so provided to appear at the said Court, which Notice shall be given at

his or their usual Place of Abode, at least fix Days before such Court; and such Constable, Beadle, or

other Officer, shall attend the said Court, and make Return on Oath of the Days when such Notices were

served; and every Person so provided shall upon such Notice appear at such Court, and if approved as

aforesaid, there take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 A. B. do sincerely promile and swear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

1 King George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of

4 London, within tive Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the Term of five

r‘ Years, for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’ , ' \

Aild every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in

the Militia of the City of London as a Private Man for the Space of five Years; and it shall be lawful for

any one of the said Commissioners to administer the said Oath.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Men provided by or for the several Wards in the said

City and Liberties shall not appear, or shall not be approved by the Adjutant, or other Officer appointed by

the said Commissioners to examine them, or if through Neglect, Mistake, or any other Cause, the full

Number of Men appointed to be raised in any of the said Wards shall not be duly inrolled at the Court or

Courts appointed for that Purpose, or if any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for

which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the said Militia, or be

discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, or be otherwise regularly discharged, then and

in either of the said Cafes the said Commissioners may, and are hereby required, immediately to ifltie Pre-

cepts to the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council Men, of the said Wards wherein such Defi-

ciency or Vacancy shall happen, requiring them, or the major Part of them, within ten Days next follow-

ing, to make good such Deficiency or Vacancy, or to provide other Men, and’ so as often as may be

necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and

of this Act, into Execution; and that if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men, of any of

the Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall omit or refuse to provide the Quota or Number of

Men herein appointed to be raised by or for their laid respective Wards, or, having provided the said Quota or

Number of Men, any of them shall not be approved, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath*

and be enrolled as he re in-be fore mentioned, or shall die, or be promoted or discharged, and others shall not

be provided in their Stead as aforesaid, the said Ward shall in lieu thereof be charged with, and become

liable to pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every Man not so provided, sworn in, and inrolled, which Sum or

Sums of Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in providing Men for the Wards which shall have

paid such Sum or Sums of Money, who shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the fame Time, and on the

fame Conditions, as if they had been provided by the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men of

such Wards respectively as. herein-before is directed; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall remain, the

fame shall be paid to the Colonel, or such Officer as he shall appoint, of the Regiment for which such Person

shall serve, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock Purse.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council Men, of the

several Wards of the said City and Liberties, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby

authorized and empowered to make an equal Rate upon all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic

and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate,

and the Owners or Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy,

pollefs, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, Cellar, or other Tenement or Hereditament,

within their said several and respective Wards, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, (Regard

being had, in making the said Rate, to the Abilities of, and likewise to the Relit paid by, the said several

Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods,

whether Corporate or not Corporate, and the Owners and Occupiers of Public Offices and Buildings,) to

defray the Expences of raising their Quota or Number of Men to serve in the said Militia herein-before

directed to be provided by or for the several and respective Wards aforesaid, and all other incidental Charges

relating thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves

aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them respectively

to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, whole Decision shall be final and con-

dull ve; Provided always, that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of the Town

6 “ Clerk

