fe

A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 85*

867

the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum, or upwards, which at any Time, from and after the passing of

this Act, shall be added to any other Tenement, or mentioned therewith, to be surrendered, granted, or

conveyed in or by the fame Surre nder, Admittance, Copy or Instrument of Admittance , and if any

Steward or other Officer of any Copyhold Court, or of any Customary or Tenant-Right Court, shall

mention or describe, or permit or procure to be mentioned or described, in any Surrender, Admittance,

Copy of Court Roll, or Instrument of Admittance, several Tenements which were not severally comprized

in the fame Surrender, Admittance, Copy of Court Roll, oj Instrument of Admittance, made before the

passing of the said recited >*d, without procuring the Surrender, Admittance, Copy or Instrument of

Admittance, in which the said Tenements shall be lo mentioned or describeJ, to be duly damped, and the

Duty paid for the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited A cl and this Act,

every such Steward or Officer shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the like Penalties, and be liable in like

Manner for the Duty directed to be paid as aforesaid, and for the Penalties incurred, a* any such Steward

or Officer may be subject to by the said recited Act for Offences committed against the fame.

Officers of Co-

pyhold Courts,

fee. describing

in any Surren-

der, Arc. Tene-

ments not fevc-

rally comprized

in the fame Sur-

render, See.

made prior to

rrcited Aefr,

without being

duly damped,

liable to Penalties under recited A6h

3 S Geo. 3. c.49*

15, 16, 19.)

recited, and the

Matters thereby

required to he

done by the

Clerks of the

Peace, fc:. to

be executed by

such Persons as

the Comra.f-

h oners for

Stamps ffi all ap«

point.

Persons so ap-

pointed to have

such Allowance

for Incidents at

the Commis-

sioners shall

II. c And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

4 tuled. An At1 for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Ponder, the Clerks

4 of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, arc re-

4 quired to execute certain Matters prescribed by the said Act to be done by them respectively: And

4 whereas it is apprehended that the said Services may more conveniently be performed by Persons to be

4 appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper \

be it further enacted, That the several Matters which by the said Act arc required to be done by the Clerks

of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, or Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, shall, from

and after the passing of this Act, be carried into Execution by such Persons as the said Commissioners for

the Time being, for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or any three or

more of them, shall think fit to appoint; and the Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the

like Authority to grant Copies of any Lifts or Paris thereof, and shall be entitled to the like Fees for

such Copies as the said Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute, Stewart Clerks, or Deputies,

are now authorized to grant and entitled unto, and the Copies so to be granted shall be of the like Validity

in all Rcfpeds as any Copies granted according to the Directions of the said recited Act: Provided always,

That the Persons so to be appointed, shall have such Allowance and no other, for their incidental Ex-

pences, as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think reasonable, and shall be subject and liable

to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures in all Respects as the said Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks,

Sheriffs Depute, Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies respectively, are made subject and liable to by the said

recitc<l Act. think reasonable, and to be subject to the like Penalties as Clerks of the Peace, &c.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Policy of Insurance made after the passing of this Act for Po’icicsof in-

insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, shall

be exempt from the Stamp Duties granted by an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

37 Geo. 3. c. ill

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Rates and Duties now chargeable on

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, inrespect of any Matter or Thing engrossed, written, or printed thereon,

shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid upon every other Material of what Nature or Kind soever, on

which any of the said Matters or Things shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be engrossed, printed,

or written, which several and respective Rates and Duties shall be charged, ascertained, and secured in

like Manner as the Duties now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be charged,

ascertained, and secured by the Laws now in force.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Articles,

Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Applications of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters

and Things, which, in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to any of the Rates

2nd Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be in full Force and Effed, with relation to

the Rates and Duties to be charged on all other Materials as aforesaid, and shall be applied and put in

Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties on all

other Materials as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaqing of this Act, as fully and effectually,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with rela-

tien to all other Materials as aforesaid.

furance from

I*oftes by Fire

exempt from

Dutiei granted

Duties now

chargeable on

Vtllum, Sec. to

extend to all

Materials cn

which the like

Matter, shall be

engrolTcd, printed, or written,

and the Powers

relating to the

fame to extinct

to all such Mi

tc rials.

s T

C A P.

I

