42?

A.D. 1796. < Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 3*

For the County of Essex, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six.

For the County of Gtoucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and

County of the City of Bristol, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven.

For the County of Hereford, six hundred and sixty-two.

For the County of Hertford, five hundred.

For the County of Huntingdon, none.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, one thousand eight hundred

and (eventy-three.

For the County of Lancaster, five thousand one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Leicester, nine hundred and twenty-eight.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, two thousand one hundred

and forty.

For the County of Middlesex, (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets,)

five thousand eight hundred and twenty.

For the County of Monmouth, three hundred and sixty.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, one thousand nine hun-

dred and ninety-two.

For the County of Northampton, one thousand one hundred and twenty-eight.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne,

and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, eight hundred and twenty-four.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, eight hundred

and ninety six.

For the County of Oxford, eight hundred and fifty-two.

For the County of Rutland, eighty.

For the County of Salop, one thousand five hundred and fifty-eight.

For the County of Somerset, two thousand nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, eight hundred

and forty-seven.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfeld, two thousand and

ninety-five.

For the County of Suffolk, one thousand four hundred and seventy.

For the County of Surrey, two thousand four hundred and sixty.

For the County of Sussex, one thousand one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Jrarwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, (but exclusive of Bir~

mingham,) nine hundred.

For the County of Westmorland, three hundred and fifty.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, eight hundred and

. twenty-five. \

For the County of IVilts, one thousand and forty-nine.

For the Weft Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, four thou-

sand six hundred and ninety-four. > *&* \ '

For the North Riding of the said County, one thousand three hundred and sixty.

For the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the d own of Kingston upon Hull,

eight hundred and sixty one.

For the County of Anglesea, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Brecon, three hundred and forty.

For the County of Cardigan, four hundred and seventy-four.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and ninety*

For the County of Carnarvon, one hundred and seventy-iix.

For the County of Denbigh, four hundred and twenty.

For the County of Flint, three hundred and eleven.

For the County of Glamorgan, six hundred and twenty-two.

For the County of Merioneth, one hundred and seventy-four.

For the County of Montgomery, two hundred and fifty-nine.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford kVeJf, three hun-

dred and thirty-one.

And for the County of Radnor, two hundred and twenty. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the several Meetings of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants

of every County, Riding, and Place, which shall be holden in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-

sixth Year aforesaid, at any Time after the passing of this Act, or at any Special Meetings to be held for

she Purpose, if neccftary, the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants there respectively attending, and also

the Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, or Place, shall carry this Act into Execution, in like

Manner as they are directed to carry into Execution the said Act, except where any Alteration is made by

this Act; and that at the first* Sub-division Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, held within their respective

Sub-divisions, after the passing of this Act* at which a Return of the Lifts of Men liable to be ballotted

?«FbT^ ' 3 K r ' into

At Meetings in

pursuance of

the first recited

Act the County

Lieutenants,

See. to carry this

into Execution

as that Act, ex-

cept where

hereby altered*

At the first

