A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 29.

such City, Burgh, or Town, may be liable in case of Deficiency as aforesaid. or to levy, apply, and pay

over the Ume in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Magistrates of inch City, Burgh, or Town,

making Default, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the Sum deficient, to be recovered by lum-

inary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute, at the Instance of the Procurator P ifeal of the Sheriff Court, within

the Jurisdiction whereof such City, Burgh, or Town, making Default, is situated ; and the Sums so re-

covered shall be paid over and applicable in the fame Way that the Sums are by this A£i directed to be ap-

plied in the Cafe of the Magistrates levying the fame from the Heritors and Inhabitants.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where Parishes are partly Landward and

partly within Burgh, the Landward Part of the Parish shall be considered as Part of the Shire or Stewartry

liable for its Proportion of the Men allotted by this Act to be raised in or lor the fame, and the Part within

Burgh shall be included in the Allotment for the Burgh. Shire ; and the Parts within the Burgh,

71

make Assess-

ments for Defi-

ciencies, to be

personally li-

able, See.

The Landward

Part of Parishes

to be deemed

Part of the

Part of the fame.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace,

or any Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate resident in any City, Burgh, or Town,

in this Act mentioned, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his Consent to

enter into his Majesty’s Service, to diredi that any Sum* not exceeding one third Part of the Bounty agreed

to be paid to him on his engaging to serve, shall be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in

such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his Inrolment herein-after mentioned ; and that the Re-

lidue of such Bounty shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry,

Burgh or Town, to which the said Person belongs, or for which he is inlisted, there to remain until the

fane shall become payable to such Person, on his being mustered on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of

Justices, Sec.

may direct a

Third of Boun-

ties to be ad-

vanced to Vo-

lunteers, on

the.r being

brought

for Examina-

tien j and the

Rcfiduc to re-

main in the Hands of the Collector of the Cess, till they are mustered on board*

X\ III. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as a Volunteer in such Ser-

vice 2s aforesaid, shall be produced before the Officer or Officers appointed to regulate such Service at the

nearest Place ot Rendezvous to any Parish or Place for which such Volunteer shall agree to serve ; and in case

such Officer or Officers shall, on Examination, approve of such Volunteer to serve his Majesty, then such

Volunteer or Volunteers may forthwith be brought before any such Ju(lice. Sheriff Depute, or Substitute,

or Chief Magistrate, resident as aforesaid, acting in and for the Parish or Place ; and in case it shall appear

ta such Justice, Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or Magistrate, that such Person or Persons hath or have vo-

luntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, then they are hereby required

forthwith to certify under their Hands that such Person or Persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself

or themselves in the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, and at the Foot of such Certificate enter the Amount

of the Sums to be paid as Bounty or Bounties to such Volunteer or Volunteers, on his or their entering into

such Service, and the Sums (if any) which have been directed to be advanced to him or them at the Time

of his or their Inrolment; and which Certificates shall be delivered to such Regulating Officer, and he shall

thereupon cause such Person or Persons to be inrolled in his Majesty’s Naval Service.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in case the Regulating Officer at the neared Place of Rendezvous afore-

said shall rtjedl any Person or Persons produced before him as such Volunteer or Volunteers as unfit to serve

his Majesty, and the Heritors of any Parish, or Magistrates of any Burgh or Town, for which such Person

or Persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think themselves aggrieved by the Rejedlion, it shall and

may be lawful for any one of such Heritors or Magistrates to apply by summary Complaint to the Sheriff

or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, of the Shire or Stewartry, who shall caule the said Complaint to be served

on the said Regulating Officer or Officers, diredling him to answer the fame within a Time to be limited,

not exceeding fix Days, and he or they, on receiving such Notice, shall, and they are hereby required,

before the Time of hearing the Matter of the said Complaint, to set down his Reasons in Writing for such

Rejection, and such Writing being exhibited to the Sheriff or Stewart Deputes, or their Substitute, they

shall do therein what shall seem to them in their Discretion expedient, and their Order shall be final and

condusive. < * • *

Volunteers to

he brought be-

fore the nearest

Regulating Of-

ficer, and, if

approved, be-

fore a Justice,

&c. who /hall

certify their

entering, Scc.

When Certifi-

cates are deli-

vered, Volun-

teers are to be

inrolled.

If Regulating

Officers reject

Volunteers, the

Heritors or

Magistrates

may apply to

the Sheriff

Depute, Sec.

Regulating

Officer, to write

his Reasons for

Rcje&ion.

Sheriff’s Order

firai.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where Default shall be made in procuring and delivering Men

by the Heritors or Magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Authority

under his Majesty to provide Men for the Service of the Navy, to produce any Person or Persons, Substitute

or Substitutes, or for any such Person or Persons voluntarily to come before any }uftice of the Peace,

Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate resident of the County, District, or Place’

refi.edtively for which they are produced or come, and be examined as to their Consent to serve in his

Majesty’s Navy, as Substitutes for such PariiLes or Places respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby

au:r. tized and required to settle the Bounty or Bounties to be paid for such Substitutes; and such Justices

shall, in case any such Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer as aforesaid, certify such

Content and Approbation, and the Bounties agreed to be paid, in the Manner herein-before directed with

ref;  to Volunteers; and the said Justices shall thereupon make an Order upon the Collector of the Cess

ter the Shire or Stewartry, or Burgh or Town, for which such Substitute is inrolled, to pay the Bounty

Monty out of the Money in the Hands of such Collector, arising from the Assessments made so^ and in the

Parish or Place for which such Substitute or Substitutes is or are admitted.

If Men arc rot

procured by

the Heriters or

Magistrates,

Persons autho-

rized byTiis

Majesty may

produce Sub-

stitutes, or Vo-

lunteers may

offer themfilvcs

as such to any

Justice, Sec*

who /hall fittle

the Bounty,

certify Consent,

S:c. and order

the Colletf or of the Cess to pay the Bounty.

XXL And be it enacted, That every such Certificate so granted, or a full and true Copy thereof, signed Certificates or

by the Regulating Officer, shall in all Cafes be transmitted along ft with the Person inrolled, and delivered to CoPi.cs to be

cue Commanding Officer u the Ship or Ydlcl on board which such Person shall be entered tolerve, and

^ - , with the IVr-

luta foils iniolltd to

