A.D. 1798.' Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 5S, 54-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender /hall be

convicted as aforesaid, /hall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following,

or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis, (that is to say,)

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

in the County of A. B. of was convicted

before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for residing near the Place

where the Offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on the Day of

now Iaft past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided, JVvr* Jltite the

Offence against the Afl^\ and I do declare and adjudge that the said A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed

as the Law directs. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

Which ConviCiion the said Justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the

next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or

Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the proper Officer there, and there to remain

and be kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, and

no such Conviction /hall be removed by Certiorari, or other Process, into any Court whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person /hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be

counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used,

in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty by this Act granted, or /hall counterfeit

or resemble the Impression of the fame upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to Sale, any

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duty, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression there-

upon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited; or /hall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed

or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the

said Duty; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, /hall be adjudged a Felon,

and /hall suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Allowance on present

Payment of the Duty, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and appointed by any former Act or

Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby

altered,) /hall (as far as the fame are applicable) be in full Force and Effect with relation to the Duty

hereby imposed, and /hall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing,

the said Duty hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been re-enacted, with relation to

the said Duty hereby imposed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereinbefore granted /hall be paid, from Time to

Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, who /hall pay the fame, the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting

for the fame being deducted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as

the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said

Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, /hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated

Fund. ' *# /*

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty

hereby granted, or so much thereof as /hall be sufficient, /hall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue

for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by such Part of any Loan, made by virtue of

any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, as doth not exceed the Sum of seven Millions; and

that the said Monies /hall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, dif-

tinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that there /hall be Drovided and kept,

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in

which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, /hall, together with the

Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of

defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer

and Cyder exported. Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Draw-

backs on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Licences.—[21ft June 1798.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti—

tuled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coach-

makersy and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale; it is enacted, That every Coachmaker

I ‘ r 5 H 2 4 /hall.

779

Convictionc

may be made

out in the fbi»

lowing Form.

Convictions tt

be returned to

the Quarter Sef.

(ions to be filed,

tec.

Penalty for

counterfeiting.

Scc. Stampt.

Provisions of

former Acts re-

fptcting Stamp

Duties to extend

to this A

Duties to be paid

to the Receiver

General of

Stamps, and by

him into the

Exchequer.

Application Of

Duties.

15 Ceo. 3. c. 4*

recited.

