C. 23. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

discharged, the die, or shall be discharged in pursuance of the said AS, the Person who shall have provided such Substitute

Person who pro- ^a|| obliged to provide another Man to the said Service in the Room of the Substitute so dying or dif-

Vided them shall c|iarge(j. ant] jn every such Cafe the Person so providing such other Man, or such other Mare or Gelding,

for whlchhc^ shall receive a Compensation, to be settled at a Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy in the Manner before

rtiall receive direSed : Provided always, That where such Allowance shall be made in respeS of any Mare or Gelding

Cortipensation. provided under this AS, such Mare or Gelding shall remain under and subjeS to all the Conditions, Re-

w, , , 1 ftriSh ns, and Regulations, for returning the fame, as are contained in the said AS, in the like Cafes where

lowance^ali be Allowances are direSed to be made by the said AS.

made for a Mare, kc. it shall be subject to the Conditions of Cap. 6.

All Persons

charged to the

Duties on

Horses, until

the Men serving

under Cap. 6.

shall be em-

bodied, shall be

liable to be af-

sessed towards

Allowances.

XVII. And be it further enaSed, That all the Persons charged or to be charged to the said Duties on

Horses, in any County, Riding, or Division, at any Time during the Continuance of the said AS of the

present Session, until the Men serving in pursuance of the said AS shall be called out and embodied accord-

ing to the DireSions'therein contained, although such Persons may not be included in any Class or Gaffes,

and although such Persons respcSively may serve, or may have provided for the said Service, in the Manner

direSed by the said AS, shall be liable to be assessed according to the general Estimate to be made in such

County, Riding, or Division, towards the Allowances to be made in pursuance of the said AS and of this

AS, in Proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she are or shall be

charged to the said Duties. ,

Persons enrolled

may, before

their Corpf are

ordered to l>c

drawn out, pro-

duce Subfli-

tutes.

Whenever the

Men are called

out, the Deputy

Lieutenants,

tec. may dire#

the County Re-

ceiver General

to pay not ex-

ceeding 101. in

respect of each

Substitute,

Volunteers

raised under 34

Geo. HI. Cap.

31. before Jan.*

1 St I797t if ap-

proved and

their Mares, kc.

maybe regifUr-

; and if they 1-

mount to 3>4ths

of the Men

to be raised in

the Subdivision

under Cap. 6.

of the present

Session, the

further Exe-

cution of that

Ail may, in

certain Particu-

lars, be fuf-

pended,

Volunteers so

registered to be

entitled to the

like Compenfa-

tiens as Persons

chofan by Bal-

lot, kc.

XVIII. And be it further enaSed, That it shall be lawful for any Person appointed or cho(en by Ballot,

and enrolled to serve by virtue of the said AS of the present Section, at any Time before the Corps in which

he shall be enrolled shall be ordered to be drawn out or embodied, to give Notice in Writing of his Intention

to refjgn to any one or more of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace aSing for the Subdivi-

fion for which he shall serve, and to produce a Substitute at the next Meeting to be holden for. such Sub-

division after such Notice, who, being approved, shall be enrolled and sworn in the Manner direSed by the

said AS, and thereupon the Person so resigning shall be entitled to his Discharge, to be made out in Writ-

ing under the Hands of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice

of the Peace aSing as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enaSed, That whenever the Men serving under the said AS of the present Section

shall be called out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or any

two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, aSing for any Subdivision

of a County, Riding, or Division, by an Order in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to direS the

Receiver General of the same County, Riding, or Division, to pay to the Commanding Officer of such

Men, or other Person appointed provisionally to the Command of such Men, in respeS of each and every

Person serving for the respeSive Subdivisions as a Substitute, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, as the

Person for whom such Substitute shall serve shall have contraSed to give to such Substitute, such ContraS

being registered with the Clerk of the Subdivision where such Substitute shall serve, within one Month after

the Time of his Enrolment in the said Service; and such Receiver General shall forthwith pay the fame

accordingly out of any Monies in his Hands of the Monies raised by virtue of the said AS, or if he shall not

have suficient of the said Money, then to pay the fame out of any Monies in his Hands, or which shall be

paid to him of or for any of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes, all which Sums so paid shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts.

XX. And be it further enaSed, That if in any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Division, any

Number of Volunteers who shall be formed or raised under the Authority of the said AS passed in the

thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, at any Time after the passing of this AS, and be-

fore the fifteenth Day of January one thousand fevert hundred and ninety-seven, shall be produced before

the Deputy Lieutenants, or before one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Meeting

held for such Subdivision within the Time before limited; and if each of such Volunteers shall be respec-

tively cloathed, and shall be provided with a Mare or Gelding fit for Military Service, and shall be, together

with their respeSive Mares or Geldings, approved by such Deputy Lieutenants or Tuftices, in the Manner

direSed by the said AS of the present Section, it shall and may be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, or

any two or more of them, or such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to cause their

Names and Places of Abode to be registered in Books to be prepared for that Purpose, and kept by the

Clerk of such Subdivision Meetings; and if the Number of Volunteers to be registered in any Subdivision

within the Time before limited shall amount to or exceed three fourth Parts of the whole Number of Men

to be raised within such Subdivision by virtue of the said AS of the present Session, the Deputy Lieutenants,

or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace there attending, may

suspend the further Execution of the said Act of the present Session within such Subdivision, so far as resptcis

the making of Appointments, and the taking of Ballots^of Persons to provide Men, and to furnifti Mares

and Geldings for his Majesty’s Service, and for enforcing their Attendance at Muster; and every Volun-

teer so registered shall, in all Cafes where such Suspension shall take place, be entitled to receive, and shall

be allowed, the like Compensation for extra Expences in respeS of Cloathing to be provided, or for main-

taining and keeping their respeSive Mares or Geldings fit for Military Service, as determined by the said AS of the

present Session of Parliament and this AS is direSed to be allowed to Persons cholcn by Ballot to provide

for his Majesty’s Service under the said AS of the present Session 3 which Allowances shall be settled by the

General

