«52

4

A.D. 1798.

C. 76.

Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g 11 III.

Table ( A.)— con

INWARDS

DUTY.

-r—

VaJonia, the Hundred Weight

Verdigrease, viz.

-----Common, the Hundred Pounds - -

----- Crystallized, the Hundred Pounds -

Vermillion, the Pound -

Wax, viz. / .v

----- Bees Wax, white or manufactured, the Hundred Weight

----- Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the Hundred Weight - -

Wine, viz. ; . . 1 4ri

French Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons

Madeira Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons

Portugal Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons

Rhenish, German, and Hungary YVine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-

two Gallons . - ... -

Spanish Wine, the Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons

All other Wines, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Ton containing two hun-

dred and fifty-two Gallons - - . W

Wool, viz. , ; . ‘

-----Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of Turkey, the Hundred Pounds

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of any Part of the United States of Ame-

rioa, the Hundred Pounds - - - -

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of any of the British Colonies or Plantations,

the Hundred Pounds .... - - -

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place, the Hundred

Pounds - - - -

Yarn, viz. .. \

Cotton Yarn, the Hundred Pounds . -

Mohair Yarn, the Pound -----

Raw Linen Yarn, the Hundred Pounds -

Yellow Berries, the Hundred Weight - 4 -

0

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not herein particularly enumerated or

described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, (except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which by any special Pro-

vision in this ACt are exempt from the Duty hereby imposed,) for every Hundred Pounds

of the true and real Value thereof - -

c. s. d.

— < 9

— 6 9

— 7 6

• 3

6

— 4 9

3 10 6

3 1 —

■ 1 6 6

3 18 —

1 12 —

1 12 —

— 6 6

— 6 6

— 8 9

— XI 6

7 —

— — i

— 3 —

— 4 1

1

Table (B.)

A TABLE of New and Additional DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Goods, Wares, ami

Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, imported into this Kingdom by the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. - - 0

INWARD S.

allicoes, viz. Plain White Callicoes; Dimity, viz. Phin White Dimity—Mullins

Plain—Nanquin Cloth—Mullins or Whit? Callicoes. flowered or ftitched—Cotton

Manufactures not otherwise enumerated or described—and all Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for Export-

ation only :—F or every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, accord-

ing to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the public Sales

of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without

any Deduction therefrom, except so much as the Duties of Customs due and payable

on such Goods respectively shall amount to - - -

DUTY.

jT, s• d»

3

Sugar,

