264

G. 12, 13. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1795.

ct

Ci

u

Cl

Cl

Cl

Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions which may be assigned before Nov. 10, 1796. Cashier to give

Security, and to pay Money within five Days after received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept

in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributors’ Names, a Duplicate of which shall be

transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions to be entitled

to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As

soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred at the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Per-

fonal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep

^ Books for rrgiftering Transfers. Stock may be devised by Will, which mult be entered with the Ac-

countant General. Transfers not to be liable to Stamp Duty. T realury to defray incidental Expences

out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. The 3 per Cents*

Confols. under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of the 3 per Cents. Confols.; and the $P*r Cents.

Reduced to the Joint Stock cf 3 per C’nts. Reduced. Annuities of 6 s. 6 d. to be added to the Annuities

for 99 and 98 Years. Annuities granted by this Act to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons

counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions. &c. guilty of Felony. The Bank to continue a Corporation

till the Annuities hereby granted ccafe. No Fee shall be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or

transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 201. General Issue. T reble Costs.”

m

CAP. XIII. \ T"

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

(4

44

%\

44

14

44

44

44

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[24th December 1795.}

WE

The following

additional Du-

ties to be paid:

For Spanish or

Portugal To-

£, your Mapfly’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, and

for making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as (nail be adequate to the increased Charge

occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any AcT or Acts for tint Purpose to be parted in this

Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

additional Rates and Duties hereinafter respe<5Vively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech

your Majesty that it miiy be enacted and be it enaCted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preleut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. T hat there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid,

unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respecT of the several Matters and

Thiqgs hereinafter mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed lor or in respect thereof by any

ACt or ACts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or*

Portugal 1 o- Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported on or alter the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hun-

cn°orVfnr^Dcc dred anc^ n‘nelY' ^lve> or to be imported, into Great Britain, one Shilling:

7, 1795, rs. per. lb.

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, imported into Great Britain before the seventh Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and vvnich shall not aCtually have been deposited,

lodged, and secured befqre the said seventh Day of December one thousand ieven hundred aruj ninety-five,

in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of an ACt made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, or of another Act made in the thirty-first Year of the said Reign, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, on the said seventh Day of December one thousand

(even hundred and ninety-five, was in any Warehouse in which the fame had been deposited, lodged, and

secured, according to the Directions of either of the said ACb, and which hath been or shall be delivered out

of such Warehouse for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, one Shilling} to be.paid by the Im-

porter upon Demand: V- t

lb. j j

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which, at any Time from and after the said seventh Day

of December one thousand seven handled and ninety-five, hath been or shall be delivered for Exportation, out

of the Warehouse in which the fame shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions cf

the said ACts, or either of them, one Penny: Jr!

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco c f the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or

Production of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the United

States of America, imported on or after the said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, or to be imported, into Great Britain, four Pence:

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, as last aforesaid, imported into Great Britain before the

said seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not aCtuaJly have

been deposited, lodged, and secured before the said seventh Day of Decnnber cne thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, in any Warehouse, according to the Directions of the said ACts, or either of them, four

Pence:

Tor such To-

bacco not ware-

housed before

Dec. 7, 1795,

is. per lb.

For such To-

bacco in Ware-

house on Dec. 7,

1795, and de-

livered out for

Home Con-

fumption, 1 s. per

and delivered

for Exportation,

1 d. per lb.

For Irish or

American To-

bacco imported

on or alter

Dec. 7, 1795,

4 d. per lb.

For such To-

bacco not ware-

house d before

Dec. 7,1795,

4d. ^cr lb.

For

