Bills to be drawn

at 10 Days

Sight, and ne-

gociable as Bills

of Exchange.

Eills to be exa-

mined at the

Navy Office, and

assigned for

Payment.

Forms of Bills

and Assignemnt.

i

Flag Officers

may include

Table Money

in their Bills.

Accounts Cur-

relit to be kept

for Monies re-

ceived in ad-

vance.

and when Ac-

counts are pair-

, Triplicate

Certificates to be

made out, &c.

C. 94. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all such Bills as are herein-after described and directed to be drawn by

Commissioned Officers, Masters, and Surgeons, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, shall be

drawn payable ten Days after Sight, and shall be negociable by Indorsement, in the same Manner as Bilis

of Exchange are negociable and transferable by Indorsement or Indorsements thereon.

XV. And be it also enacted, That as soon as such Bills, or any of the Parts thereof, shall be presented to

the said Commissioners of the Navy, together with the Extracts from Ships Books, and Certificates made by

Physicians or Surgeons of Sick Quarters, in every Cafe where such Extracts and Certificates are herein-

before required and directed to be made, they, or any three of them, shall examine, or cause the said Bills,

and the said Extracts and Certificates, in Cafes where they are granted, to be examined, and if they shall fee

no just Cause why the said Bills should not be assigned for the Payment, shall note upon them the Date

when they were presented, and shall assign them upon the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment; and for that

Purpose shall make out, or cause to be made out, at the Bottomiof such Bills, an Alignment, and shall address

the fame to the Treasurer of the Navy, and they shall also number and date the fame, and they, or any three

of them, shall sign such Assignemnt; and the said Bills and Assignemnt, being written or printed, shall be of

the Form and Tenor following, or to the like Effect:

4 1 ft Rate, [Britannia, Lieutenant Thomas Bowling,\ entered ift July 1794.

4 Full Pay from ift October to 31ft December 1794 — — —

4 Amount of Deductions — — — — —

4 Net Pay — £.

4 Gentlemen,

r BarbadocsJ] 12 th Mril 170c.

received.

1 To the Commissioners of

4 His Majesty’s Navy,

4 London.*

4 Thomas Bowling.

4 Approved,

4 E. F. Captain of his Majesty’s Ship [Britannia.]

‘ASSIGNMENT.

r 4 N° 1. Navy Office, 30th May 1795.

4 To be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy out of [£. 20,000] received 29th March 1795,

4 under the Head of Wages to pay Officers.

Commissioners of the Navy.

4 By virtue of the Act of 35th of George the 3d.’

•

4 AT. B. The forging of this Bill, or procuring any other Person to forge the fame, in order to receive

4 any Part of the Wages or Pay of any Commissioned Officer, Master, or Surgeon, in the

4 Royal Navy, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act of 35th of George

4 the Third/

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Flag Officer shall be entitled to

draw a Bill or Bills under the Authority of this Act as a%efaid, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Navy, for his Personal Wages or Pay, he may, and he is hereby allowed to include the Allowance of Table

Money which may be due to him at that Time.

XVII. And, for more effectually and correctly carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, two

Ledgers shall be opened, and an Account Current kept with every Commissioned Officer, Master, and

Surgeon, who shall so receive Monies in Advance, as herein-before directed, to be paid to him upon his en-

tering to command or serve on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceftors, or draw for his Personal Wages or Pay, as herein-before specified, one Copy thereof to be kept in

the Office of the Commissioners of the Navy, and the other in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy ; in

which Ledgers the Sums paid upon the several Orders and Bills herein-before directed to be made and drawn,

and Payments otherwise made in Manner before mentioned, shall be carefully entered and charged against:

him \ which Entries and Charges shall remain at his Debit until he shall regularly pass his Accounts for the

Ship or Vessel, Ships oc Vessels, in which he may have served agreeably to the present existing Regulations,

Forms, and Manner, in which the Accounts of Officers are required to be passed; and when the fame

are so passed as aforesaid, the Commissioners of the Navy, or any three of them, shall make out, or cause

to be made out, three Certificates, being Triplicates of each other, which shall be of the Tenor and Form

• not*

