Policies of In-

surance made

before the pair-

ing of this Act,

not to be void

by reason of

Certificates

given under

recited A£Jr,

Sec.

Additional

Duties to b«

paid on inha-

bited Houses.

Houses rated

for less than

7 Windows, is.

Cap. 59.

For 7 Win-

dows, is.

f Cap. 38.

For 8,— ■2$. 6d

Tor 9,- .3s.

For 10,« -4s.

For u,« 6d. -4s.

For 12,« 6d. —5s*

For 13,. 6d. —6s.

For 14,- 6d. -75.

For 15,—9«*

0.104,105. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

c or Persons then about to take the Command of the Ship or Vessel required to be cleared out, had formerly

4 failed in some or one of the Capacities by the said Act specified and required, or by the retpedtive Owner

4 or Owners of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person or Persons was or were then about to (ail as the

4 Matter or Commander thereof, as believing the Fadts stated in the Affidavit of such Person or Persons then

4 about to have or take the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, to be true: And whereas, in

4 consequence of such Doubts, the Collcdors or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Ports of London

and Liverpooldoubting the Meaning and Construction of the said Acts, have required and taken Certifi-

4 cates attested in both the Ways before mentioned, and cleared out Ships or Vessels under each Form of

4 Certificate, in consequence of which great Inconveniences have arisen, and Doubts have been made

4 touching the Legality of the Policies of insurnace made upon such'Ships or Vessels ;* be it therefore further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said former Acts of Parliament hereinbefore men-

tioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, impeach, invalidate, or make

void, any Policy or Policies of insurnace which shall have been made before the patting of this Act, by reason

or in consequence of any Certificate or Certificates which have been required and given in order to the

clearing out any Ship or Vessel, employed in the Slave Trade, to the Coast of Africa, by the Owner or

Owners of the Ship or Vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the Owner or Owners of some other

Ship or Vessel in whose Employ the Person then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to

inflidi any Penalty or Penalties upon the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel.

’-*■» , m # - ' . » jh' , I * jpl + ' ' j p

c a p. cv. . T rSvi;

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on inhabited Houses.

■' ' [19th 1797.]

4 Mott Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 yVr assembled, towards raisin;

4 making an Addition to the Pu

4 your Majesty the Duties hereinafter

x be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successurs,

throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several and respective additional Rates and Duties upon all

inhabited Houses, as hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) , /; !f

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having less than seven Windows or Lights, and which is or shall be subject to the Duty upon inhabited

Houses, granted by an Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign4;, the yearly Sum of one

Shilling: V1 ' T J vEkH

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having seven Windows or Lights, or which is or ought to be rated under the Authority of an Act

of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty f, intituled, An Act for repealing thefeveral Duties upon

Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights,

the yearly Sum of two Shillings: t

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having eight Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the said last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: m '

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or w'hich hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain. having nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to he rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of three Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, witi$in the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having ten Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of fqur Shillings: V

For every Dwelling Ploufe inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having eleven Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of four Shillings and Sixpence: . ' " ']

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having twelve Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of five Shillings and Sixpence: k uSiDiSSj

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having thirteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of six Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain; having fourteen Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act,

the yearly Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence: ' '

For every Dwelling Houie inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having fifteen VVindows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the

yearly Sum of nine Shillings: ‘‘ *iiH I

For

