A.D. 179.8. Anno triceflmo octavo Georgii III. C.xxxix—xlvi. 927

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, ami from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, made in the thirty-fecoud Year of the

Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road trom Dewsbury to Ealand, in the Welt Riding of the County of York.

■ ; . [26th May 1798.]

. Cap. xl.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithjhaui, to*

Kilting hall, and from Beckwithjhaw to the South-weft Corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the County

of York.—[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of His present

Majesty’s Reign, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield^

in the County of York.—[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xlii, -

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

• liament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reiga

- of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of

Hey wood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of PreJhj'tch, in the

County Palatine of Lancaster.—[26th May 1798.]

% « a r

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, the other in the eighteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place

called Fryer Bacon's Study to CJjilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate,

in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the fame relate to the Abingdon

District of the said Roads therein mentioned.—[26th May 1798.]

[See pojly Cap. lxv, as to the Oxford District.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing fof twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, of the second and twenty-second

Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley,,

and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties'of Worcester,

Stafford, and Salop, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for

repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.—[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xLv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the twenty-fourth and

twenty-eighth \ ears of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the fourth and twenty-ninth Years of His pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh ; and for building

Bridges over the Rivers South and North EJk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County.

• s ’ > ’ ' ? r [26th May 1798.]

• Cap. xlvr*

An Act for paving the Footways, and for deanfing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lancs, and other

public railages and 1 laces* within the Town of Tv incanton, in the County of Somer/et\ and for re*

moving and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.—[ift June 1798. J

» ' Cap.

See 14 Geo. 2.

c. 35.; a8 Geo.

a* c.39.} 4 Geo.

3. c. 86.; 29

Geo. 3. c. 105.

