79°

Tons defirousof

redeeming or

purdiafing any

Land Tax; and

from other

Pci fons inte»

reftedin the

Lr.nds in Re-

mainder, Sec.

with Power to

require Inspec-

tien of any

Peed relating

thereto;

and to receive

Affidavits of

the Fa£lj

t

provided the

Affidavit be

made in purfu-

alice of the Act.

Persons making

any falfcOarh or

Affidavit, shall

incur the Pe-

nalties of Per-

jury.

Two Commis-

sioners may

contract with

Persons and

Corporations

folding Lands,

for Redemption

of the Land

Tax thereon,

by virtue of the

Act of the

present S.fTion.

Form of the

Contract in

Schedule (B).

The Conf:dera-

tien of the

Redemption

shall be so

much Stock in

the 3 per Cent.

Confols, or 3

j>er Cent. Re-

duced, as will

produce a Divi-

dend exceeding

th» Amount of tl

Such Stock

shall be trans-

ferred to the

CommlfTicners

for reducing the

National Debt,

within four

Years, fiom

March 15,

*799», four

JnRaiments in

each Year j or

the Whole may

C. 60.

ving Annoying triceflmo odiavo G e o r g i i III.

A.D. 1798.

fler) all'Persons who shall be desirous of redeeming or pu chafing any Land Tax under this Act, and all

other Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things, relating to the Title

oh any Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy to any Estate, or having any Mortgage,

Lien, or Incumbrance upon any Estate, the Land Tax charged upon which is proposed to be redeemed or

purchased under this Act, or touching any Matter or Thing relating thereto, that such Commissioners may

think necessary for their Information, for the Execution of the Powers veiled in them; and also to require,

from any Person or Persons claiming any Benefit of Preference under this Act, the Production, upon Oath

or Affirmation, of any Deed, Conveyance, or Inflrument relating to such Estate; and to receive any

Affidavit or Deposition in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, wh'ch shall be made in any Part of Great

Britain above the Distance often Miles from the Place where the said respective Commissioners shall meet,

before any Mayor or Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, having Authority to administer an Oath

in any Matter civil or criminal in such City, Town, or Place, or before any Justices of the Peace of any

County or District where the Person making such Affidavit, Depolition, or Affinnation shall happen to be;

or to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, which (lull be made in

any Parts beyond the Seas, before any Magistrate of the County, Territciy, or Place, living competent

Power and Authority to adtninifler an Oath, and refidingnear the Place where the Person making such Oatk

or Affirmation shall also rtfide, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners under the Hand and

Seal of such Magistrate : Provided, that in every such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, there shall be

expressed the Addition of the Party making the lame, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the

fame shall be entitled an Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation made in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Person, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before

the said Commissioners respectively, or in any Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, before any Mayor,

Magistrate, or Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, in any Matter relating to the Execution or this Act,

shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation,

wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person

so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared,to be subject and liable to

such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now in being, any Persons convicted of wilful and coriupt Perjury

are subject and liable to - . ,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners specially to be appointed

for the Purpose of this Act, or so many of them as shall lie present at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden

in any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, or any two or more

of them, to contract and agree with all and every Persons or Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds,

Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, having or holding any

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments described in the said Act of the present bession

of Parliament, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon their respective Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, according to the Assessment and Rate made or to be made

in pursuance of the said Act, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in Manner hereinafter described and

mentioned.. . ’ > ,

IX. And be it further enacted. That every Contraft and Agreement made and entered into by virtue

of this Act, with the Commissioners specially to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, by any Person or

Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies before described, for the Redemption of any Land Tax

charged upon his, her, or their Manors^ Messuages, Lands, 'Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, shall

be in the Form mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B), and the Con-

(ideration therein to be inserted, and contracted and agreed to be given for such Redemption as aforesaid,

shall be so much Capital Stock of Public Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, bearing an Intereil

after the Rate of three Pounds t>er Centum per Annum, commonly called The Three Pounds per Centum Con«.

Jolidated Annuities, and The Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, as will yield an Annuity or Divi-

dend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by One-tenth Part thereof,

such Capital Stock to be transferred to the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty for the Reduction of the National Debt, in Truffc for the Purposes of this

Act.

he Land Tax redeemed by 1- icth. 41 ' SEE i. 9

X. And'be it further enacted, That the Transfer of the whole Amount of the Capital Stocks in the

Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, or either of them, to be transferred as before mentioned, shall be

made to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Within the Period of four Years from

the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by four Instalments in every

Year; videlicet, on or before the first Day of May, the first Day of Augufty the first Day of November, and

the first Day of February in each Year, the first Instalment to be made on such of the said Days as shall next

ensue the entering into such Contraft : Provided always. T hat it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons,

Bodies, Corporations, or Companies before described, to flipulate with the said Commissioners for the

Transfer of the Whole of the said Capital Stock at one 'Time, or that the fame shall be transferred by In-

flalments within a less Period than four Years, so that the fame be made by even Instalments at equal

Intervals within the Period agreed upon, and on the respective Days before mentioned in each such Year, or

on

__

