Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III

A.D. 1795.

35 Ceu III.

CjJf. HZ.

£vcry Vessel

exceeding 13

Tons used on

Navigable

Rivers, and

Inland Naviga-

tiens, to be

registered.

Certificate of

Registry to be

in the follow-

ing Form.

Fee for Registry

and Certificate.

Particulars of

Registry to be

verified on

Oath of the

Master if re-

quired, See.

Admiralty to

appoint Sur-

veyors of

Vessels.

i CAP. LVIII. * - / v

An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used

on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

[5th May 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to ascertain the Quantity of Vessels employed in the Inland Trade and

Navigation of Great Britain, and the Number of Men retained in navigating the fame may

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry,

or other Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of thirteen Tons, which, from and after the fifteenth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon any River,

Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation in Great Britain, shall be registered in Manner herein after

mentioned; and that the Person or Persons claiming the Property therein shall, on or before the said fifteenth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, cause the fame to be registered, and shall obtain a

Certificate of such Registry from the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Clerk

of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place to which such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry,

or other Vessel shall belong, in the Manner herein-after directed, or from their respective Deputies; and

that every such Register and Certificate respectively shall truly set forth, whether the Vessel so to be re-

giftered be a Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or what other Vessel, and also the Name or Names, with

the Place or-Places of Abode of the Master or Person having the Charge or Command thereof, together

with the Number and Capacities of all and every Person and Persons respectively then and usually employed

in working the fame, and also the Burthen thereof, and also, to the best of his or their Belief, (halt give a

just Account of the Line and Extent of the Navigation in which such Vessel hath been usually navigated,

and where situated; and that the Form of such Certificate shall be as follows; videlicet,

1 JN pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled*

4 An Act [Here fetforth the Title of the Act] having this Day declared to me

4 Clerk of the Peace for the of that < is at present Master of

the and that the said admeasures Tons, and no more

and is at present worked by the Number of Persons, in the several Capacities under-mentioned 3 videlicet*

f1 " T $ ’ 1 v ’ , " / '

Number of Men employed on board the ’ Capacity on board.

And that the Line and Extent of the Navigation in which the said

navigated is from to v extending

do hereby certify, that the said is duly registered at my Office,

ticulars herein set forth. Given under my Hand at this

Year of our Lord

has been usually

Miles, or thereabouts; I

and described under the Par-

Day of in the

4 Signed A, B*

For which Registry and Certificate so granted, every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Sheriff Depute*

or Stewart Clerk, shall be entitled to demand and receive from the Person making such Register, and grant-

ing such Certificate, the Fee of two Shillings and six Pence, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Particular herein-before required to

be inserted in the Register to be entered under this Act, and Certificate to be granted thereupon, shall be

verified on the Oath or Affirmation of the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such

Vessel previous to the Registry thereof, (if the fame shall be required by any Person or Persons appointed, as

herein-afeer is mentioned, by the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High

Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them,) which Oath may be administered by the Chief

Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, or by any Justice of the Peace residing near the

Place of such Registry, and for the administering of which Oath or Affirmation the Sum of one Shilling*

and no more, shall be paid. {y, r y|

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Admiralty-

may, and they are hereby authorized to appoint, by Warrant or Commission under their Hands, in every

County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, in Great Britain, (when and wherever they shall fee

Occasion,) one or more Person or Persons to survey, examine, and admeasure, all such Vessels as aforesaid,

as shall be kept or worked in or upon any such River, Canal, or other Inland Water or Navigation, as

4 ^ aforesaid

