282

toes, and sold at

such Prices as

shall be deemed

reasonable.

Mixed Bread to

be marked to

distinguish the

Sorts, &c.

If Bread be

deficient in

Weight accord-

ing to the AfTize

prescribed by 31

Geo- JI. Cap.

a9. or be not

marked, or have

anyMixturenot

denoted by the

Mark, &c. the

Offender liable

to the Penalties

of that Alt.

This All tmy

be altered or

repealed this

Session.

Alt not to afielt

the Rights of

London, or the

Company of

Bakers.

0 C ec 1.

Cap 7.

C. 22, 23. Anno tricesimo Sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Sort of Wheaten Flour, mixed with Meal or Flour of Barley, Rye, Oats, Buckwheat, Indian Com, Pease,

Beans Rice, or any other Kind of Grain whatsoever, or with Potatoes, in such Proportions, and at such

Prices for the said Loaves respectively, as the Maker and Seller thereof shall deem proper and reasonable;

any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. - '

II, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall make,

fell, or expose to Sale, any Loaves of mixed Bread as aforesaid, shall cause to be fairly imprinted on every

Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, she, or they shall make, fell, or expose to Sale, a Mark, in

large Roman Letters, denoting what are the Sorts and Proportions of such Mixtures, or a large Roman M,

together with some Mark distinguishing one Sort of such Bread from another; and shall also affix in Come

conspicuous Part of his, her, or their Shop, or in the Window thereof, a Paper, written in large and legible

Characters at Length, specifying the Sorts and Proportions of the Mixtures composing each Sort of Bread,

and also the Marks corresponding to each Sort, and the respective Prices thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Peck Loaves, Half Peck

Loaves, Quartern Loaves, or Half Quartern Loaves, shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize

of Loaves of such Denominations respectively, prescribed in an Act, passed in the thirty-hrft Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King Georgeihc Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Breads and to re-

gulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; or if any

such mixed Loaves shall not be imprinted with Marks pursuant to the DirectionS of this Act, and corre-

sponding to the Paper hereinbefore required to be affixed, or if the fame shall have any Mixture of Meal or

Flour of any other Sort, or in any other Proportions thereof than shall be denoted by such Marks imprinted

thereon, or any Mixture or Article as for or in lieu of Flour which shall not really be the genuine Flour or

Article the fame shall import to be, or if the fame shall have in them any Alum, or Preparation or Mixture

in which Alum shall be an Ingredient, or if any other Mixture or Ingredient whatsoever (except only the

genuine Meal or Flour or Article of which the fame purports to be made, and common Salt, pure Water,

Eggs, Milk, Yeast, and Barm, or such other Leaven as shall at any Time be allowed to be put into Bread

by the Court, or Person or Persons who shall have (et an Assize of Bread for the Place where such Leaven

shall be used; and where no such Assize shall be set, then such other Leaven as any Magistrate or Ma-

gistrates, within his or their Jurisdictit>n, shall allow to be used in making of Bread) shall be put into or in

any wife used in making the Dough whereof, or as or for Leaven to ferment any such Dough, or on any

other Account, under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever; every Person offending thereto shall be liable to

the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is provided in the said

Act, in the Cafe of any of the aforesaid Offences being committed against the several and respective Provi-

fions in that Behalf made in the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this Act* or any Part of the fame,

during the present Session of Parliament* *

# ! . * , t - * v * 'jfl fa -, 4 A f

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any ways affect or in-

fringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of Lofidony or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of

the said City*

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King

George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement> Err*

ployment^ and Relief of the Poory as prevents the distributrng occasional Relief to Poor

Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes.

[24th December 1795*]

4 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of

the Poory it is (among other Things) enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and

4 Overseers of the Poor, in any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, witjj the Consent of the major Part of

the Pariftiioners or Inhabitants thereof in Vestry or other Parish or Public Meeting for that Purpose affem-

4 bled, or of so many of them as shall be so assembled, upon usual Notice thereof first given, to purchase or

4 hire any House or Houses in the same Parish, Township, or Place, and to contract with any Person or Per-

4 Tons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any or all such Poor, in their respective Pa-

4 rishes, Townships, or Places, as shall desire to receive Relief or Collection from the same Parish, and

4 thereto keep, maintain, and employ, all such Persons, and take the Benefit of the Work, Labour, and

4 Service, of any such Poor Person or Persons, wha shall be kept and maintained in any such House or

4 Houses, for the Maintenance and Relief of such Poor Person or Persons who shall be there kept and main-

4 tained 5 and in case any Poor Person or Persons of any Parish, Town, Township, or Place, when such

4 House or Houses shall be so purchased or hired, shall refuse to be lodged* kept, or maintained, in such House

4 or Houses, such Poor Person or Persons so refusing shall be put out of the Book or Books where the Names

4 of the Persons who ought to receive Collection in the said Parish, Town, Township, or Place are to be

4 registered, and shall not be entitled to ask or receive Cqlleftion or Relief from the Churchwardens and

9 Overseers of the same Parish, Town, or Township: And whereas the said Provision contained in the Act

above mentioned bas been found to have been and to be inconvenient and oppressive, inasmuch as it often

13 prevents

