922

Ascertaining

the Composi-

tien for Statute

Service for

Horses kept for

Hire, and Men

employed with

such Hoiks.

#

C. ix—xv. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

44 be divided into eight Divisions. The Money raised in each Parish to be applied within the same. §49*

44 Trustees to fix the Rate of Conversion yearly. § 50.”

LI. And be it enacted, That all Carters, Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire and La-

bour, residing within the said County, shall, by way of Composition for Statute Service, pay at the Rate

of three Shillings yearly for each Plorfe, and one Shilling and Sixpence yearly for each Man employed with

such Horses, notwithstanding that they may occupy Lands or Houses within other Counties through which

they are in use to travel in the Course of their Employment: Provided always, that so far as the said Carters,

Carriers, and other Persons so keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall relit and occupy any Lands, and

shall be afieffed in Quality of Tenants or Occupiers for the said Lands, they shall be entitled to a Deduc-

tien out of such A fie Ament, to the Extent of the Rate or Composition to which they are hereby madefub-

jed in respect of their Horses, and Men employed with such Horses. ' ’

44 Appeals not to (lop Payment of the Converfinns. § 56. Conversions to be recovered by poinding (di-

44 draining) Goods of Persons refilling to pay. § 57.H

Cap. x. i { 1 vMfr I l

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament! the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and

that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge\ and also the Road leading from Cirenccfitr

towards Bi/ley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hilly all in the County of Gloucester.—[5th April 1798.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of

Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall9 to the Town of Roch-

dale j and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called BJfes of the Bamy

to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge]

and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Laney in the Township of Prejhuich; all in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.—[5 th April 1798.]

[Two former Acts of 28 Geo. 2. and 14 Geo. 3. repealed.]

Cap. xii.

An. Act for enlarging for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester^ towards

Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.—[5th April 1798.]

Cap. xiiL ft B

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term of two Acts, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, and in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the fame relate

to the Roads from the Top of Crick ley Hilly in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Alilf through the

Towns of Northleachy Burford\ and Witney, and Parishes of Hawlborcugh and Bladony to Cambsfield in

the Parish of Kidlingtoriy rn the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Campsjieldy to the Turnpike

Road at or near ErJJow Bridgey in the said County of Oxford.—[$th April 1798.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for build-

ing a Bridge over the River Otfcy at Newhaveriy in the County of Sussex.—[$th April 1798.]

Cap. xv. *.v

An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

[5th April 1798.]

41 Charter under the Great Seal of Scotland, 19th Ofiober 1681, incorporating the Company of Merchants

44 of the City of Edinburgh, recited; as also an Act of the Parliament of Scotland 1693, confirming the

44 Charter; and a Charter or Letters Patent by his present Majesty, under the Great Seal of Scotland,

#4 dated Aug. 16, 1777, all of which are confirmed. Entry Fees increased to 111. Sterling and annual

44 Fees to 9 s. Sterling: to be applied as former Fees under the Charters and Ad. Entrance Fees to be

44 paid

