547

44

it

44

44

44

44

44

“ advance. In Default of Payment by the Emperor, the Dividends to be paid at the Bank, and charged

tc upon the Consolidated Fund ; but not till Subscriptions to both Loans are completed, and Debentures

produced for Annuities on the Loan under this Act. Contributors entitled to certain Annuities. Con-

tributors paying the Whole of Subscriptions by Ol7. 25, 1797, to be entitled to three Quarters Divi-

44 dends on Nov* 1, 1797* Cafhitr to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned bef >re

Arsu. 16, 1797. Cashier to give Security, and pay Money within five Days after received into the Ex-

chequer. Contributors, duly paying Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax free. Subscriptions paid

in parr, and not completed, forfeited. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for enter-

ing Debentures iflbed by the Emperor’s Agents, and a Duplicate of it to be transmitted to the Exchequer.

Agents of the Emperor may pay to the Bank the Dividends, and shall deliver Accounts of the Sums to

<c grow due Half-yearly, &c. If the whole Dividends be not paid to the Cafiiier, he is to certify the fame

44 to the Directors, which shall be transmitted to the Treasury, who shall cause the Deficiency to be issued

u out of the Consolidated Fund. Treasury to lay before Parliament an Account of the Sums issued, and of

a what has been repaid determined by the Emperor. Debentures issued in the Name of the Emperor, may be entered

Ci at the Bank, and transferred. In Default of Payment by the Emperor of 1 /. per Cent. per Annum of the

44 Capital, a suffic:ent Sum to be paid Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund to the Bank, and placed to

44 th£ Account of the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt. Treasury may apply the Mo-

ney paid into the Exchequer. T reafury to pay incidental Expences out cf Contributions, and allow Sa-

4t laries totheCafhier and Accountant General. Annuities with Consent of the Proprietors, to be added to

the 3 per Cents, guaranteed by 35 Geo. 3. r. 93. Contributors to be deemed contenting, unless Dif-

sent be signified before "June 1$, 1797. No Stamp Duties to be charged for Debentures,^. Penalty

44 for forging Debentures, Annuity Bonds, Letters of Attorney, fcfc. The Bank to continue a Corporation

44 till the Annuities cease. No Fee to be taken for receiving Subscriptions, or paying or transferring An-

44 nuities, on Penalty of 20/ General Jflue. Treble Costs. The Bank to retain c,500,000 /. out of the

Instalments on the two Loans, in Part of Advances for the Public Service. Part of § 3. of the Act

37 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited. As the whole Loan is not to be raised, the Excess of Contributions to be paid

out of Instalments due May 26, 1797.”

<t

44

44

44

44

44

CAP. LX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures

of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

[25th May 1797.]

4 t T WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present

* VV Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerk-

4 ships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned, it is enacted. That with-

4 in the Bills of Mortality, from and after the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

c four, and in every other Part of England and JP^ales^ from and after the tenth Day of February one thousand

4 (even hundred and ninety-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his

4 Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of every Contraft in Writing, made after the said

4 fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, whereby any

4 Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any

4 of the Courts of Law or Equity in the said Act mentioned, in pursuance of the Laws then in Force for the

4 better Regulation of Solicitors and Attornies* divers Rates and Duties in the said Act mentioned ; and the

4 Indentures or other Writings containing such Contraft, duly stamped according to the Directions of the

4 said Act, are required to be enrolled or registered with the proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpose

4 by the Court wherein such Person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a Solicitor or Attorney by virtue

4 of the Service under such Contraft, together with an Affidavit of the Time of the Execution of such Con-

4 tract by such Clerk ; and in case such Indenture or other Writing shall not be so enrolled or registered

4 within lix Months next after the Execution thereof, together with such Affidavit of the T ime of Execution

4 of such Contraft, then and in such Cafe the Service of such Clerk under such Indenture or Writing, shall

4 be deemed to commence from the Time of such Enrolment or Registry only, and not from the Execution

4 of such Indenture or Writing: And whereas the said Act did not receive the Royal Assent until tnetwenty-

4 eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and several Pet Tons were bound by In-

4 dentures and Writings made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February respectively, and before the said

4 twenty-eighth Day of Marchs and which Indentures and Writings arc charged with and liable to the said

4 Duties imputed by the said Act, and no Provision is therein made for the Payment of the fame, or for the

4 Enrolment or Registry of such Indentures and Writings respectively : And whereas it is reasonable that

4 some Provision should be made for that Purpose;’ therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th s

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any and every such Indenture and

Writing, made after the said fifth and tenth Days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four

respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth Day of Atarch in the same Year, whereon any such Duty is

by the said Act required to be paid, shall and may, on Payment of the Duty thereby required, on or

4 B 2 before

4

34.Cc*. 3.C.14-

recited.

imposing Duties

on Contract*

made after Feb.

5 and xo, 17941

which A# did

not receive the

Royal Assent

till March 28,

1794.

Indenture*

made after 5th

and 10th Feb.

1794, and be-

fore Mar.h *8#

