Z77

A.D. 1795. Anno tricehmo sexto Georgii III. C. 19, 20.

: rl1* ^f 'k* , ^' ^'y 'v *, :-T f _ % 1 jpjr , -

and no more; and that the Securities and Discount for Prompt Payment, after the said fifth Day of January

oncthoufand (even hundred and ninety-six, shall be regulated accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, 'I'hat out of the Monies arising by the Duties on Salt, after the fifth Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, being one fourth

Part of the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds, the annual Average Pr« duce upon an Account taken for

three Years, ending the fifth Day of Apri\ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the Monies paid

on Account of Allowances for Waste, and of the Difference between the Discount heretofore allowed, by

reason of the Length of Time given for Payment thereof, and that which is provided by this Act, shall quar-

terly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October,

in every Year, during the Period of ten Years next ensuing, be set apart from the Remainder of the said

Monies, and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches

of the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the Office of the Auditor of the said

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the

said Quarterly Sums directed to be set apart from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, toge-

ther with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of

defraying fuel) increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or SucccclFors, on any Account whatever.

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue, for a further limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Par-

liament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Lime, the making of Low Wines or

Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Hour, or

Bran *, and for permitting Home-made Spirits, depofiled in the Warehouses for Exportation,

to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duly; and to prohibit the Dilt illa-

tien of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or

from Sugar or Potatoes.—[24th December 1795.]

1 1 WHEREAS the Act hereinafter mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and is

VV near expiring; And whereas it is expedient to prevent the Distillation of Spirits from

Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar, and also from Potatoes: May it therefore

4 please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. T hat an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Loiv Wines or

Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for

permitting Home-made Spirits, depofiled in the Warehoujes for Exportation, to be taken out for licme Conjump-

tisn, on Payment of Duty, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued until the fiift Day of February

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the eighteenth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninty-five in that Part of Great Britain called England, and from

and alter the twenty-second Day of Dt^/7/^rr one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, ail and singular the Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and T hings,

contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to

prohibit the Distillation of Low Win?s or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour,

Bran, or any Mixture therewith respectively, shall extend, and shall be deemed and construed to extend, to

the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling, of Low Wines and Spirits respectively, from

Melasses of the Manufacture ol this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture with the same

respectively, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, Low

Wines or Spirits respectively from Melasses of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar, or from

Potatoes, or any Mixture with the fame respectively; and that the said Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, shall be used, applied, practised, and put in Execution, against the making, preparing,

extracting, and distilling, of Low Wines and Spirits respectively, from Melasses of the Manufacture of this

Kingdom, or from Sugar, or from Potatoes, or any Mixture with the fame respectively, and to all and every

Per(on and Persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses of

the Manufacture of this Kingdom, or from Sugar or Potatoes, or any Mixture with the fame respectively, as

fully and amply as if the fame had been expressly provided in and by the said Act.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-

tend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any entered Distiller to the Penalty of five hundred

Pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wash opehly

brewed in his entered Distillery from Melasses of the Manufacture of this KingJom, or from Sugar, or from

Potatoes, on or before the fourteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, in that

Panel Great Britain called England, or on or before the twenty-second Day of December one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in the said recited Act or

*auus Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

3

Out of the Salt

Duties a Sum to

he set apart

quarterly for 10

Years, and, with

other Duties

granted for pay-

ing any inorcaf-

Charge occa-

fioned by any

Loan of this Sef-

fion, kept fepa-

rate from other

Monies.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. nj. con-

tinued tilL

Feb. x, 1797.

The Provisions

of before-men-

tioned t<v

extend to dif-

tilling from

Melasses of tins

Kingdom, Su-

gar, or Potatoes.

Not to extend to

distilling from

Walh brtAved

f om Melasses,

&C.

IV. And j

