c

935

Persons for-

swearing them-

Telves guilty of

Perjury.

Certain Pro-

visions of

31 Geo. 2. c. 29a

to extend to this

Act.

The Privilege* -

of the present

Laws relative to

making of

Bread, &c. to

extend to Per-

A.D. 1798. Anno tricelirrio octavo Georgii III. C. Iv, Ivi, lvii.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath by this ACt directed to

be taken, or be examined on Oath by virtue or in Execution of this A £t, shall wilfully forfwcar himself or

herself, or shall at any Time afterwards wilfully break any such Oath, every such Person shall be subject

and liable to be prosecuted as for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, according to due Course of Law,

and if conviCted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt

Perjury arc subject and liable to.

XIX. And be it also enacted, That the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions contained in the ACt of the

thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the twenty-ninth, for empowering

Magistrates to hear and determine Offences against the said ACt in a summary Way, and summon and

examine Evidences, and conviCt Offenders, and for recovering Penalties, and otherwise punching Offenders-,

and for authorizing Persons thinking themselves aggrieved to appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, and the Clauses and Directions in the fame ACt contained for protecting and indemni-

fying Magistrates and other Officers under the said ACt, shall respectively (except in the Cafes herein

otherwise provided for and directed) extend and relate to this present ACt, and, so Lr as the fame are appli-

cable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be exercised for putting this ACt in Execution, and for enforcing the

Provisions and Directions thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the lame several Clauses were herein

contained and at large re-enacted.

XX. And be it further enaCted, That all Magistrates and other Persons whoinloever, shall be entitled to

and have all such other the Privileges, Protections, and Indemnifications, in all Refpects whatsoever, for

what they shall lawfully do in putting this ACt in Execution, as they are entitled to and have by the Laws

already^ enaCted, and now in being, relative to the making of Bread, and felling or exposing the fame to

or for Sale, for putting the said Laws in Execution.

Tons putting this Act in Execution.

' XXI. And be it further enaCted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, shall be No Certiorari;

granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this ACt. &c J?be8r*ntc<*

- 0 r to remove Proceedings.

XXII. Provided also, and be itlikewife enacted, That no Person shall be conviCted of any Offence under Limitation of

this ACt, uniefsthe Information in order for such ConviCtion shall be exhibited within fourteen Days after Aaions*

the Offence committed, except in Cafes of Perjury; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Con- p"fonsconyift«-

viCtion for any Offence done or committed against this ACt, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame

Offence under any other Law. 2

XXIII. And be it also. enaCted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or such of them. Application of

or so much thereof respectively a* are not or is not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied, shall, when Pcn*lhes.

recovered and paid, go and be disposed of in such and the same Manner as in and by the said ACt of the

thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty isexprefled and directed concerning the Penalties inflicted determined by

that ACt. . 1 jS.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enaCted, That this ACt, or any Thing herein contained, shall

not extend to prejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or any

Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, inquire, and punish, the Breach of Assize of

Bread within their respective Leets, or Views of Frankpledge, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the

Market in any Place- , s .

XXV. And be it farther enaCted, That all and every the Directions, Regulations, Powers, and Autho-

rities of this ACt, shall commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, imme-

diately from and after the second Tuesday next after the passing of this ACt, unless, otherwise especially di-

rected by this ACt.

Cap. Ivi.: /<;

1

Act not to pre-

judice the

Rights of the -

City of London^

8cc.

Commence-

ment of Act*

An. ACt for continuing, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from*’

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an ACt, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty*, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf c. aj*

Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock

Holey in the County of AUddleJex.—[21ft June 1798.]

Dock and Limehouse

An ACt for incorporate

Cap. lvii.

w

Commissioners appointed for ereCting certain Light-houses in the Northern

Parts of Great Britain[21ft June 1798.3

3eo. 3. c. 52, recited. Commissioners for exe-

TI

ic purchasing Lands,.(sta § 1. Commissioners may retain

f* and of this ACt, $ 2, rublic ACt, § 3.”

Cspi

