A.D. 1795. Anno tricesiino quinto Georg 11 HI,

C. 109.

185

arc! the Duties

thereby imposed

on Stage

Coaches re-

pealed.

25 Geo. III.

Cap. 47,

and 29 Geo. Ilf.

Cap.49, recited j

present Mdjfiy, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels y therein mentioned; certain

‘ additional Duties were granted to his Majesty on certain Carriages with four Wheels, therein mentioned :

1 And whereas it is expedient to exempt Stage Coaches and Diligences with four Wheels from the said act-

‘ ditional Duties :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

afterthe passing of this Act, the said additional Duties by the said recited Act imposed, so far as the fame re-

late to any Coach or Diligence with four Wheels, which shall be kept and employed as a public Stage

Coach for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom,

and which shall be duly entered as such with his Majesty’s Commissioners for managing the Duties on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and for which the Annual Duty of five Pounds imposed thereon

byan Act, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be duly paid, shall cease

and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. 4 And whereas, by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Manage?tient of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Com-

4 mi ([toner s of Excise, and the Commiffoners of Stamps respecti'uely, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of

‘ Taxes ; and also for making further Prcvisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; it was enacted,

4 that there should be charged and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

4 (araongst others,) the Duties following ; that is to say. For and upon every Calash, Chaise, or Chair,

with two or three Wheels, or by what Name soever such Carriages then were or thereafter might be called

4 or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons for his

4 or their own Use, or to be let out to Hire, the yearly Sum of three Pounds and ten Shillings : And v/here-

4 as, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

4 granting to his Majesty everal additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with four Wheels \

4 and for explaining and atne tiding an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Tear of his present Majesty, as far as re-

4 lates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels, therein mentioned; it was enacted, that all and every

4 Carriage or Carriages, with two or three Wheels, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages then

4 were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, which should be used at

4 any Time for the Carriage or Conveyance of Persons, and not generally used in the Affairs of Husbandry,

4 or for the Carriage of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place, in the Way of Trade,

4 should be deemed a Carriage and Carriages within the Meaning of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of

4 his present Majesty, and should be entered and paid for accordingly : And whereas it is expedient that the

4 Duty on certain Carriages herein-after described, which are used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the

1 Purposes of Trade, but which occasionally maybe used for the Conveyance of Persons, {hould be reduced

to the annual Sum herein-after mentioned :* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and afterthe passing of

this Act, there shall be charged and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

in lieu of the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts on the Carriages herein-after described, the Duties fol-

lowing ; that is to say. For and upon every Carriage with less than four Wheels, by what Name soever

such Carriage now is or hereafter shall or may be called or known, to be drawn by one Horse, and no more,

which shall or may be used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Purpose of carrying Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, from Place to Place, in the Way of Trade, but which shall or may be used occasionally

for the Conveyance of Persons, and which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, with-

out any Covering other than a tilted Covering, or any Lining whatever, and without Springs, and which

shall have the Words 44 A taxed Cart,” and also the Owner’s Name and Place of Abode, there shall be

charged and paid the yearly Sum of ten Shillings; which said Rate and Duty, on every such Carriage with

less than four Wheels, used in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame re-

spedlively ; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied, in the

same Manner, by the fame PersonS'respectively, and under the like Rules, Directions, and Provisions, and

to the like Uses, as the Duties on Carriages with four, three, or two Wheels, are now raised, levied, col-

ledled, paid, accounted for, and applied. . . f

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 7'hat no Carriage shall be deemed to be within the Pro-

visions of this Act before mentioned, where the first Price or Sum originally paid for the fame to the Maker

thereof, or for any subsequent Alteration or Addition, (Repairs excepted,) shall have exceeded twelve

Pounds Sterling. 1 Meaning 01* th« Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the present Duties on Carriages with two Wheels, of the Defcrip-

tien herein-before mentioned, in respect of all such Carriages which shall be assessed by virtue of this Act,

shall cease and determine.,. 1 \ P.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to be rated and assessed for

such Carriage, shall mark or paint, or cause to he marked or painted, on a black Ground in white Letters,

or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outside of the Back Pannelor Back Part of such Carriage,

of in case such Carriage shall be constructed without a Back Pannel or any Back Part on which such

Letters may be marked or painted, then on the Side, or on tome conlpicuous Part of such Carriage, on

the Outside thereof, his or her Christian and Surnames, and the Place of his or her real Abode, and the

Words 44 A taxed Cart” in Roman Letters, and in Words at full Length, each of such Letters being at

Waft one Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion ; and shall, upon Demand being made, produce

tuch Carriage, (b marked or painted to the Affellor or AffelTors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Infpcdtor or In-

Grctors, of the said Rate or Duty, or at any Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execu-

tien, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, respecting all or

SS Geo. 111. Bb any

and in lieu of the

Duties thereby

imposed, there

shall be paid for

every Carriage

with less than

four Wheels,

principally used

in Husbandry,

or carrying

Goods, and of

a certain Con-

ftrudlion, ios.

per Annum;

No Carriage of a

higher Price

than 121* to be

within the

Present Duties

to ceal'e.

Owners Names,

6cc. to be

marked on fuel)

Carriages.

Carriages to be

produced to be

examined.

