628,

Application of

Pe '.aititK fiicd

for in thrfcc

Month: > and

whc*c they may

be sued for.

Recovery of

Penalties not

sued for in three

Months.

Penalties to his

Maj. fty to be

paid to the Re*

ceiver General

of Stamp Duties,

out of which

Informers may

be rewarded.

Justices may

determine Of-

fences where

pecuniary Pe-

nalties are in-

Aided.

Application of

Penalty, which

may he levied

by Distref» $ or

the Offender to

be committed

for from three to

six Months.

Persons ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

Quarter Scf-

fions.

Penalty on

Wimetres for

not appearing

or not giving

Evidence.

Conviction to

be made in the

following

Form.

C. 108. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

ing obtained a Licence for that Purpose under the Directions of this Act, shall forfeit 2nd pay the Sum of

five Pounds*

XXXL And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of ail pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby

imposed, shall (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of any fuen Perialty or

Forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, and the other Moiety thereof, with

full Colls of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid,

and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences com-

mitted in England, and in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for Offences committed in Scot-*

land^by. Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more

than one Imparlance shall be allowed. /

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Dcfaultof Prosecution within the Time

hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Eorfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of

his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the respective

Courts aforesaid, in which Cafe, the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Alajtity, his

Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Fotfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, in-

curred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the

Receiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties for the Time being; and that in all Cafes where

the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Rewards as they shall

think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all

Changes and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, or amongst; any Pdrfon

or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers, in re-

spe& of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding. - ’

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any

Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any

Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, which said Justice of the

Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf,*

within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, giving to each

Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of

Fadt; and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise, as the Cafe may require, to give Judgment or Sen-

tence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and by this Act is directed to be divided, one Moiety thereof

to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence fhalLbe committed, and the other Moiety thereof

to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out his Warrant, undrr his Hand and Seal, for the levy-

ing the said Penalty so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case

they shall not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, (if any,) and where the

Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison

there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding fix nor less than three Calendar Months, unless such'

pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any ^arty shall find himself or themselves ag-

grieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall ants may, upon giving Security to the

Amount of the Value of such Penalty and forfeiture, together with such Colts as shall be awarded in case

such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions

for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, which shall happen, after fourteen Days next

after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who arc

hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the

fame, and in case Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Per-

fons appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or

Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall

neglect or refuse to appear, at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable

Excuse for such Ncgiedt or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse

to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every

such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such

Manner as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender (had be

convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following or

in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandii; that is to say,

gE it remembered, That, on the Day of

in the County of A. B. of

C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

Offence was committed; for that the said A. B on the

in the Year of our Lord

was convicted before me

residing near the Place where the

Day of

did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided [here /late the O^nce^gafn/l

the Ac7]; and I do declare and adjudge that the said A, B. hath forfeited the Sum of J of lawful

_ , 4 Money

