A.D.1797* ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 103

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more Deputy

Lieutenants assembled at their second General Meeting, shall transmit to his Majesty’s Privy Council an

Account in Writing, signed by him or them, of the true State of the Number of Persons returned in the

Lifts aforesaid, on Receipt of which his Majesty, by Order in Council, shall forthwith apportion and divide

over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, the Number of Militia to serve for such County,

Stewartry, City, or Place, so as not to exceed the Number of six thousand Men over that Part of Gr$at

Britain called Scotland. ~ ':V

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more Deputy

Lieutenants, shall, upon Receipt of such Order in Council, containing an Apportionment of the Number of

Men to be raised in each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, transmit a Copy of such Order to the Deputy

Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice

of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with two Justices of the Peace, assembled at their fe-

cond Meetings with such .Schoolmasters as are able to attend, who shall proceed to ballot in Manner follow-

ing ; videlicet, the Names of all the Militia Men in each Parish, written or printed on distinct Pieces of Pa-

per, being all as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, shall be put into a Box or

other Vessel, and shall there b? shaken together, and then a Number of Names equal to the Number appor-

tioned by the Order in Council aforesaid, shall he drawn out and opened by the Person presiding at the

Meeting, which Names shall be entered in a Roll, and declared to be the Quota of Militia Men for the Pa-

rish, and shall, in like Manner, proceed to ballot for each Parish respeefively within the said Subdivision or

District *, a Copy of which Roll or Rolls, subscribed by the Person presiding at the Meeting, shall within three

Days thereafter be transmitted to the Lieutenant, or, failing him, to the Deputy Lieutenants authorized to

act for him, and shall also be affixed by the'Minister of each Parish to the Door of the Church the first Sun-

day thereafter. . \ * -

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenant of the said District, or other Person ap-

pointed by the Lord Lieutenant, shall give Notice in Writing by a Constable, or other Officer duly autho-

rized by him, to the several Militia Men ballotted as aforesaid, by serving them personally, or byJeaving'the

fame at their usual Places of Abode, to attend at a certain Time and Place to be specified in the said Order ;

and also such Militia Men shall duly attend at the 'Time and Place so mentioned, and in Default thereof shall

suffer the fame Pains and Penalties as are in such Cafes hereinafter directed and imposed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chosen by Ballot, or approved as a Substitute as is

hereinafter directed, shall take and subscribe the following Oath, to be administered by the Deputy Lieute-

nant, or other Person appointed by the Lord Lieutenant for that Purpose:

4 T >/. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

4 land, for the Defence of the fame, during the present War, when called upon by Jiis Majesty to do so, and

4 for the Space of one Callendar Month after the End thereof.’

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in

the Militia of such County, Stewartry, or City, as a private Militia Man, during the present War, and for

the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof: Provided always, that if any Person so chosen by

Ballot shall produce a Substitute able and fit for Service, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieu-

tenants, or any two or more of them, such Substitute, being unmarried, and having no Children born in law-

ful Wedlock, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry,

City, or Place and such Substitute shall take the Oath before mentioned; and if any Person so chosen by

Ballot, and who shall have been enrolled in the said Militia, shall at any Time during the Continuance of

this Act produce for his Substitute any Person of the Ddscription before mentioned, who shall be approved

by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any tw<5 or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for the Com-

manding Officer of such Militia to cause such Substitute to be enrolled in lieu of the Person so chosen

by Ballot, which Enrolment shall be made in the Manner hereinbefore directed ; and upon the Enrol-

ment of such Substitute as aforesaid, the Person so chosen by Ballot shall be entitled to his immediate Dif-

charge. <' m

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of this

A&, (not being one of the People called Quakers,) shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath,

and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath,

and figti his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and

pay the Sum often Pounds Sterling, and whenever any Ballot shall take place in the same Parish or Place,

under the Authority of this A£, be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute, and in Default of Payment

of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall

be entered upon the Roll for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve, in like Manner as any

other Person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the fame

Punishments for afterwards absconding or deferring, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared,

and been duly sworn and enrolled as a Militia Man.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Schoolmaster, or such Constables and other Officers in each

Parish as are employed in carrying this Act into Execution, shall haye such Allowance for their Trouble as

1 • • 1-----^4 • the

607

Lieutenant to

transmit to the

Privy Council a

Li(l of the Men

returned, to be

divided over the

Counties by

Order in Coun-

cil :

On Receipt of

such Order a

Ballot to be had

as herein direct-

.

Deputy Lieute-

nant to give No-

tice to the Per-

fons ballotted to

attend at a cer-

tain Time and

Place.

Persons ballot-

ted, or Substi-

tutes, to take

the following

Oath,

and to be in-

rolled.

Persons ballot-

ted may find

Subrtitutes,

who, (being

unmarried,) if

approved, shall

lx enrolled and

sworn.

Persons ballot-

ted, and not ap-

pearing, Sec to

forfeit 101.; and

if not paid, may

be compelled to

serve.

Allowance to bc

made the Offi-

cer* who carry

