460 C. 5.

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 179^*

For the Town of Peterhead, four.

For the Town of Frazerjburgh, two.

For the Town of Old Mildrum, one.

For the Town of Huntley, one.

For the County of Ayr, eighty-one.

For the Burgh of Ayr, five. • '

For the Burgh of Irvine, two.

For the Town of Kilmarnock, nine.

For the Town of ZfriVA, one.

For the Town of Steuarton, one.

For the County of Argyll, eighty-seven.

For the Burgh o f Inver ary, three.

For the Burgh of Campbellton, (lx.

For the County of Bute, nine.

For the Burgh of Rothfay, three.

For the County of Berwick, thirty-three.

For the Burgh of Lawder, two.

For the Town of Eyemouth, one.

For the Town of Aston, one.

For the Town of Dunfe, two.

For the Town of Greenlaw, one.

For the County of Banff, fifty-three.

For the Burgh of Banff three.

For the Burgh of Cullen, one.

For the Town of Macduff, one.

For the Towns of CM and New Keith, two*

* For the Town of Fochabers, one.

For the Town of Portsoy, one.

For the County of Caithness, twenty-four.

For the Burgh of IVick, three.

For the Town of Thurfo, eight.

For the County of Cromarty, eight.

For the Town of Cromarty, two.

For the County of Clackmannan, five.

For the Town of Clackmannan, two.

•For the Town of Alloa, eight.

For the County of Dumfries, forty-three#

For the Burgh of Annan, two.

For the Burgh of Dumfries, seven.

For the Burgh of Lochmaben, one.

For the Burgh of Sanquhar, two.

For the Town of Moffat, one.

For the County of Dumbarton, twenty-one.

For the Burgh of Dumbarton, four.

For the Town of Kirkintilloch, one.

For the County of Edinburgh, eighty.

For the City of Edinburgh, including the Liberties of Canongate, Pleafance, South and Nottb

Leith, and Coalbill, eighty. . . ;

For the Town of Dalkeith, five.

For the Towns of Musselburgh, Fisherow, Inverejk, and Newbigging, seven.

For the County of Elgin, thirty-seven. ,

For the Burgh of Elgin, four. ^ T

For the Burgh of Forres, three.

For the County of Fife, ninety-two.

For the Burgh of Cupar, five.

For the Burgh of Dumfermline, Limekilns, and Torryburn, eight.

For the Burghs of Inverkeithing, Northferry, and Aberdour, two*

For the Burgh of Bruntisland, two.

•For the Burgh of Kinghorn, three.

. For the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, including the Link, five#

•For the Burgh of Dy/art and Pathead, three.

For the Burgh of Anjlrulher EaJler, two.

