600

4

and continued

for two Years.

So much of

33 Geo. 3. c. 50,

as respects the

Fort of St.

John’s in Ami^

gua, continued

until July iq,

iSci.

Recital of

33 Geo. 3. c, 59,

and 35 Geo. 3.

c. 89.

Mefirs. Bishop

may make

Maidftor.e Ge-

neva until July

5, 1799, subject

to the present

Duties.

So much of

35 Geo-3.c. 114.

as wax to con-

tinue until July

5, 1797, further

continued for a

Year.

♦ Cap. xoa.

C. 99, 100. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

render more effectual the several Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland

and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting

Bounties, for a limited Lime, on certain Terms and Conditions, which were to be paid and allowed annually

from and after the first: Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for ten Years and no

longer; and all and every Regulation therein contained respecting the fame, shall, from and after the first

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be revived, and the fame are hereby revived;

and the said Bounties shall be paid and allowed, and the said Regulations shall continue in Force, for and

during the further Term of two Years from the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven. <- * *

IL And be it further enacted, That so much of an ACt, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty feverth Tear of his present Ma-

jcfly's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, JVares, and Merchandize, in

Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an

Afl, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation

of Surar into the Bahama and Bermuda Iflauds in Foreign Ships; andfo much of two Acts, made in the twenty-

eighth and thirty -first Tears of his present Majesty'5 Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any

Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in 'the West Indies from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the

tVeft Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Tear of his present

Majesty s Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scota or New Bruns-

wick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, as respects the Port of St. John's in the

Island of Antigua, which was to continue in Force until the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the tenth Day of July one

thousand eight hundred and one. < " ffs

III. And whereas by an ACt, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

c intituled, An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for

4 a limited Tbne\ and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fihes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were, by an ACt made

in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled, and established, for the

4 Manufacture of Spirits called Maiclflone Geneva, established at Maidstone in the County of Kent, by

4 George Bifloop of that Place; and that certain Duties were, by the said ACt, and by another ACt, made

in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop for and in

4 respect of Wash produced by him from Malt, or other Corn; and that the said George Biflop was lately

4 dead, and Sir JVtlHam Bifloop Knight, George Bifljop, and Argles Biflop, were become possessed of the

A Distillery and Premises in which the said George Biflop deceased carried on the Manufacture of such

4 Maidstone Geneva at Maidstone aforesaid, and that the said Sir William Biflop, George Bishop, and Argles

4 Bflop, were desirous to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone

4 Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Alaidflone aforesaid, under and subject to the like Duties,

4 Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, P ines, Penalties, and forfeitures, as the said George Bishop

4 deceased carried on the Manufacture of and made Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva; and that it

4 was expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop, George Biflop, and Argles Biflop, so to carry on such

4 Manufacture, and to make such Spirits, it was enaCted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the

4 said Sir William Bishop, George Biflcf, and Argles Biflop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them,

4 possessed of the said Distillery and Premises, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly

4 called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone, until and upon the fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-rive, under and subject to the like Duties as were imposed

c on the said George Biflop deceased, by the said ACts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of the

4 Reign of his said Majesty: And whereas by an, ACt, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, the said Permission was continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundted

and ninety-seven: And whereas it is expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop,zx\&

4 Argles Biflcp, so to carry on such Manufacture, and to make such Spirits, for a further Term :* Be it

therefore enaCted, T hat it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir JViViam Bishop, George Bishop,zn&

Argles Biflop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, possessed of the said Distillery or Distilleries, to

carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery

and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, under and subject

to the like Duties as are now payable by the said Sir William Biflop, George Biflop, and Argles Biflop.

IV. And be it further enaCted, That so much and such Part of an ACt, made in the thirty-fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to have

Continuance until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be, and the fame

is hereby further continued until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

C A p. C.

An ACt for extending the Monmouthflire Canal Navigation; and for explaining and amending an Act,

passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for making the said Canal.

...... [4th>/M797.]

»S CAP.

