212

C. 119.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

No Spirits tobc

distilled from

Corn or Grain

in Great Britain

for a certain

Period:

Penalty of 5001.

with the Com,

ice. for so dif-

ailiing.

i

Penalty net to

extend to dif-

tilling from

"Wafh openly

brewed before

cirtoin Days.

Wheat, ice.

fpvmd in any

Stiilhouse, &c.

after certain

Days, forfeited,

^id acoi

During the li-

mited Period

the Cnmrmf-

i oners of Lxcise

\ 4 Justices of

Peace in Eng-

land may au-

thorii- Persons,

with Officers of

Kxuic, to enter

CAP.. CXIX.

An A<S to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from

Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or

Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Ex-

portation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty.,

> [26th June 1795.]

‘ \\7 HEREAS it is expedient that the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, and the making or prepar-

‘ VV ing of Wort or Wash for the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt,

c and all other Sorts of Grain, and from Meal, Flour, or Bran, should be prohibited for a limited Time ;*

be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until

and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that Part of Great Brt\

tain called England; and from and after the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, until and upon the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland; no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, ex-

tradlcd, or distilled, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or

from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, during the Time before limited, any

Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons what-

soever, shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared,

extradled, or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain,

or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure

to be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in

any Wort or Wash, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extrkdling, or distilling any Low

Wines or Spirits, or {hall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Wash-batch,

Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vefiel or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or

any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, for the Purpose of preparing any Wort or Wash,

or for brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits, whether such

Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vefiel or Utensil, shall or shall not have been or be duly

entered at the Excise Office, that then, and in each and every of the said Cafes, such Distiller or Distillers,

Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions

of jthis Act, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Tun, Wash-batch, Cask,

Copper, Still, or other Vefiel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act,

shall be found, shall severally and reflectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hun-

dred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Alalt, and other Corn or Grain, and such Meal, Flour, and

Bran, or other Mixture with the fame, and such Wort and Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, shall be for-

feited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-

tend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any entered Distiller to the said Penalty of five hun-

dred Pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits from any Wash

openly brewed in his entered Distillery, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called England, or on or before the twelfth Day of July one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in this Act

contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat

Flour, {hall, within the Time herein-before limited, be found in any Workhouse, Stiilhouse, Storehouse,

Warehouse, or any other Place wherein Low Wines of Spirits, or Wort or Wash, shall be preparing, or

shall be brewed, made, extradled, distilled, or prepared, or where any Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or

Wash, {hall have been brewed, made, extradled, distilled, or prepared, after the tenth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and after the seven-

teenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Flour, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Workhouse, Stiilhouse,

Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place shall be, shall, for every such Offence, respectively also forfeit and pay

the Sum of two hundred Pounds. f L . i

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time herein-before li-

mited, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be authorized for that Purpose by the Com-

missioner&of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Of-

fice of Excise in London, or by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great

Britain, at any Time or Times with any Officer of Excise to enter into any Workhouse, Stiilhouse, Store-

house, Warehouse, or any other Place whatsoever, wherein any Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or Wash,

{ball be or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extradled, distilled, or prepared, or

wherein Low Wines or Wort, or Wall), {hall have been made, brewed, extradled, distilled* orpiepared,

alter

