J

4The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 III.

111

deepening, tleanfing, and making more commodious, the Har-

bour of Aberdeen; for ere Ring New Piers and Quays

therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into,

and going out of, the said Harbour.

42. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three fe-

veral Acts, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the First, in the seventh Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two

Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon

every Pint of Ale or Beer, vended or sold within the Town

of Montrose and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said

Town with Fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned. '

43. An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Grand

Junction Canal, in the Precinct of Norwood\ in the County

of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said County.

44. An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of

Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present

Navigation in the Township of IVorJley, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Pennington,

near the Town of Leigh, in the said County.

45. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual

an Act, made and passed in the thirl y-first Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pav-

ing, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and

keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parxjh of

Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the

Manor cfYinfbury, and certain other Streets and Places

communicating with or near to the said Square; and for

preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within

the fame.

46. An Act for laying out and making a new Street from

IVjoitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Street, within

the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-

Hull.

47. An Act for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of

Haydon, in the Parish of IVarden, in the County of

Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a con-

venient Situation, within the said Chapelry.

43. An Act for amending two Acts of the thirtieth Year of

King George the Second, and the thirty-second Year of

his present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and

preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within

the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Isle of Ely, and

County of Cambridge.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certifi-

cates issued for using Hair Powder.

50. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Tuftices of the Peace, or others, who have omit-

ted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes j and to indemnify Members and Officers,

in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole

Admiffcons have been omitted to be stamped according to

Taw, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid,

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly

{lamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of

Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for in-

demnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Mili-

tia, who have negiefted to transmit Descriptions of their

Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time

limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that

Purpose, and for giving further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and

Comrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

51. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable! Canal

’ from the Town and County of the Town of Southampt

to the City of New Sarurn in the County of Wilts, with

a Collateral Branch to Northam within the Liberties of

the Town of Southampton.

52. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Thames or IJis, at or near the Town of

Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communi-

cate with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or neat the

Town of Trowbridge, in the County of IVilts ; and alto

certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

53. An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving

Letters free; from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-

commissioned Officers, Seamert, and Private Men, in the

Navy and Army, whilst on Service, to send and receive

Letters at a low Rate of Postage : and for permitting Pat-

terns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Pod

at ail easier Rate than is now allowed by Law.

54. An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery.

55. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional

Duties on Receipts.

56. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement $f

the British Fisheries.

57. An Act to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Gover-

nors, and Persons acting as such, in the IVeJl India Islands,

who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of

Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

58. An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other

Vefl'els, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Ri-

vers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be

registered.

59. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of Bri-

ti/h-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from

Scotland to England; and to amend an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for the Regulation ofJDistilleries in Scot-

land, and the Exportation of Y$i\i\{h-made Spirits from

England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for

a limited Time.

60. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money raised in

the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parlia-

ment made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

61. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Atlfor

the more effectual assessing and collching of the Rates for

the Relief of the Poor in the Parifls of Saint Botolph,

Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London ; for

providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of

the said Parish; and for the Employment, Maintenance,

and Regulation of the said Poor therein.

62. An Act to enable his Majesty’s Postmaster General to

open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails,

made up at the General Post Office in London, for the

United Provinces, on the thirteenth, sixteenth, and twen-

tieth Days of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, and now remaining in the said General Post

Office. # -'

63. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Du-

ties on Sea Insurances.

64. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfistence to be

paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers,

for a limited Time. ^ : ' ‘ *'■

65. An Act to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution

of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parlia-

ment for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

a 2 66. An

