158 C. 91. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

u No Slops, &c. to be supplied beyond One-fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to

4< Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner. Mailer to cause a printed Abstract

“ of this Act, tffc. to be hung up in the moil public Place in his Vefiel, on Penalty of 20/. If mutinous

44 Officers, iffc. be taken into Custody in Africa of the West Indies, a Statement upon Oath to be lodged

44 with the Governor, iffc. and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they {hall incur a Penalty.

44 Officers, dsV. to continue in Pay till the Vefiel is cleared Inwards. Wages of Run Men to go to

“ Greenwich Hospital, iffc, Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued lor. Limitation of Actions.

“ Delivery of Writs on board Vessels, to be deemed legal Service. Persons taking false Oaths, to incur

44 the Pains of Perjury, iffc, Act to continue in force till August 1, 1796.”

CAP. XCI.

29 Geo. III.

Cap 26, re-

cited.

Penalty in-

flitted by re-

cited Att on

Hawkers trad-

ing without a

Licence, or not

producing it,

may be levied

by Distress of

the Goods.

)

Restrictions by

Sett. 16 and 18

of recited Att

repealed.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and

for repealing so much of the said Act as restrains them from felling Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, within a certain Distance from any City or Market Town.

[2zd June 1795.]

4 f WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-fifth Tear of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on

4 Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Tradeit is among!! other Things

4 enacted, that if any such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, as is in the said Act mentioned, or other

4 trading Person so travelling as in the said Act mentioned, should, from and after the first Day of August

4 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, trade, as in the said Act is described, without such Licence

4 as is therein also mentioned and described, that then and in any of the said Cafes such Hawker, Pedlar,

4 Petty Chapman, or trading Person, so offending, {hould, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum

4 of ten Pounds; and it is by the said Act also enacted, that if any such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman*

4 or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall be found trading without a Licence contrary to the said Act, or

4 who being found trading {hould refuse or neglect to produce a Licence according to the said Act, after

4 being required so to do, that then it should and might be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Justices of the

4 Peace ol the County or Place where such Offence or Offences {hould be committed, to convict the

4 Offender of trading without a Licence: And whereas it is expedient that, in Default of Payment, it

4 {hould be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty in which the

4 Offender or Offenders {hall be convicted, to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Wares,

4 or Merchandizes of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goods with which such Offender or Offenders

4 {hould be found trading as aforesaid :* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, upon every Conviction of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty

Chapman, or other trading Person in the said Ail mentioned, who shall be found trading without a Licence

contrary to the said Act, or who being found trading shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Person or

Persons a Licence according to the said Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by

Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty in which such Offender or Offenders shall be con-

vifted, to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders,

or of the Goods with which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the

Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after Deduction of the reasonable Charges for taking

and aetaining the said Distress, and felling the fame, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective

Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, and in the mean Time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol

or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the said

Offence {hall be committed, there to remain until the said Penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable

Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied and raised by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until

the fame {hall be otherwise paid or satisfied by such Offender.

II. And whereas, by the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth Sections of the said Act, all Hawkers,

4 Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, are retrained, under the Penalties therein mentioned, from vending, felling,

4 or expoiine to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in any City or Market Town in

4 England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within the Diffance of two Miles from the

4 Middle of the most central Maiket Place of any such City or Market Town, except on Market and Fair

4 Days, such Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, not being Householders there, or the fame not being

the ufuai Place of their Abode, or of their carrying on Business: And whereas the said Reftriftrons have

4 been found inconvenient to the Manufacturers in general, and also detrimental to the Revenue :* Be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand

{even hundred and ninety-five, so much of the said Act as relates to the said Restrictions liiall be, and the

fapie is hereby repealed.

CAP

