A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo o<ftavo Georgii III.

C. 92

907

bP

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duty by this Act imposed on British Spirits, as

being found in the Scock. Custody, or Potteflion of any Distiller, Re&ifier, Compounder, Dealer, or Re-

tailer, shall be paid in Manner following; that is to say, one fourth Part on or before the fifth Day of

September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the fifth

Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-e:ght, one other fourth Part thereof on or be-

fore the fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the remaining fourth Part

thereof on or before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on Pain of for-

feiting double the Amount of the said additional Duty not so paid; and that the said additional Duty by this

Act imposed on British Spirits, which shall be distilled from and after the patting of this A&, until the said

tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid at the fame Times and in the

same Manner as the Licence Duty on the Stil/ is payable or paid by the Distiller, for every next subsequent

two Months in the Lowlands, and three Months in the Highlands respectively, on Pain of forfeiting double

the Amount of the said additional Duty not so paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, the Officers of Excise, and

each and every-of them duly conttituted and appointed, shall he, and they are hereby authorized and em-

powered, and have Right by Night or Day to enter into and continue in every Stillhouse, Storehouse, Ware-

house. Cellar, or other Place made use of by any Distiller, Redlificr, or Compounder, in any Part of Scot-

land, for making or keeping Wash or Spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or otherwise, to take Account

of the Quantity of Wash and of Spirits in the Stock, Custody, or Potteflion of every such Distiller, Redli-

fier, or Compounder, and also of the Quantity of Wash and of Spirits which shall from Time to Time

be brewed, or made, or distilled, redlihed or compounded, by any such Distiller, Re&ifier, or Com-

ounder, and to enter such Account, as well of the Wash as of the Spirits, in a Book or Books to be kept

y such Officer or Officers for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this A&, no Spirits that shall have

been found in the Stock, Custody, or Potteflion of any Distiller, Redtifier, or Compounder* or that shall be

afterwards distilled, redtified, or compounded by any Distiller, Redlifier, or Compounder, shall be sent out

of such Stock, Custody, or Potteflion, or shall be removed from the House, Building, or Work wherein

the fame were made or manufactured, redlified or compounded, or shall be carried from one Place to another,

by Land or by Water, without a Permit, granted and signed by the proper Officer of Excise of the Divi-

fion, and specifying therein the Quantity, Quality, and Strength of such Spirits, and the Package thereof,

the Person from whom, the Person to whom, and the Place where the fame are to be sent, and limicinga

reasonable Time within which the said Permit i9 to he in force, on Pain of forfeiting all such Spirits as shall

be sent out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such Permit as aforesaid; which

said Spirits, with the Calks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the fame, and also the Veflelsand Boats,

Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof, shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be forfeited and lost, any Law, Custom, or Usage

to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any licensed Distiller, Redlifier, or Compounder shall fend

or carry, or knowingly permit or fatter to be sent or carried, any Spirits from the House, Building, or Work

wherein the fame were made, manufactured, or rectified, or compounded, without such Permit as aforesaid,

every such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall, over and above the Forfeiture of the said Spirits, for-

feit and lofea Sum equal to the Duty chargeable or charged upon such Spirits, in Proportion to the Quan-

tity and Strength thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, every licensed Distiller in

Scotland shall be required and obliged, and he or she is hereby required and obliged, to make and deliver to

the proper Officer ot Excise of the Division in which his or her Distillery is carried on, Weekly and every

Week, a true Return or Declaration, in Writing, signed by him or her, of the respective Quantities of

Malt, and of unmalted Grain, used by such licensed Distiller at every Mafti and of the Quantity of Spirits

produced therefrom, which said Declaration or Return shall contain the true Number of Gallons and Strength

of the Spirits distilled in each Day of such Week, on Fain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds, for

every Neglect or Refusal to make or deliver such true Return or Declaration Weekly and every Week, as

aforesaid, and the like Sum for every false Return or Declaration that shall be made by any such

Distiller- v

Additional

Duties to be

paid at cemin

'i imes,on Pe-

nalty of doable

the Amount.

Excise Officers

may at any

Time enter

StiUJtod'ts, Sec.

to take Account

ot W,ife and

Spirits*.

No Spirits to be

removed with-

out a Hermit,

on Pain of

Forfeiture, with

the Vessels, &c*

and a Sum

equal to she

Duty.

y. Bear, or B'gg, or other Corn or Grain which

Distillation in Scotland\ should pay the like Duty as

VIII- 4 And whereas it is reasonable that all Barle

c shall be used unmalted or raw, for the Purpose of

4 Malt now pays;* be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after the tenth Day of August one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Officers of Excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted

and appointed, shall be, and they ^re hereby authorized, empowered, and required, from Time to Time,

to measure and take an Account of the exact Quantity of all the Malt, and also of all the Barley, Bear, or

Bigg, or other Corn or Grain unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the Purpose of Distillation, by any

licensed Distiller, in any Part of Scotland, before the fame or any Part thereof shall be ground down or put

into the Mash Tun, and to charge the fame Duty for and upon every Bushel of Inch Barley, Bear, or Bigg,

or other Corn or Grain unmalted or raw*, as is chargeable or charged upon Malt in Scotland, which Dut-

th*« c Hof 6 A 2 (ha

II

Prom Aug. 10,

1798, the Of.

ficers of Excise

to take an Ac-

count of Malt

and raw Corn t®

be distilled be-

fore ground

down, and

charge the raw

Com with the

fame Duty as

Malt.

