692

be let, rc^y-ftimifh:d, to be

assessed as for Lodging Houses,

as under § g, 3nd for two or

niori separately; [&c ^ 51,

from 1which ton form or. Excep-

tien*^

C. 16.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 179S.

with the Purpose of so usually letting out the fame, shall, in Tefpedl of each Dwelling House so let or

kept with the Purpose of being so let, be liable to the said additional Rate or Duty, *of r”“ ll- d-*-—j

No Person to be deemed the Oc-

cupier of a Ixxlging House, or

ready-furniftied Lodging House,

unless it be let, or hath been

kept bona fdc for that Purpose

within the Year preceding the

Appeal,

Persons having more than four

Children under! 21 Years* old,

maintained by them, to be en-

titled to certain Abatements on

Appeal and Pro<\fj viz for 5,

6,017, 10 per Cent.—3 or 9,

3 5 per Cent.—-10 or more, xo

per Cent, on the Amount of

the additional ltate.

Sheriffs, or annual Officers of

Corporations, no: liable for ad-

ditional Carriages, Horses, or

Servants, kept during the Year

of their Office only,

Physicians, kc. liable only to a

Angle additional Rate for one

Carriage or two Horses, where

they keep r.o more.

Royal Academicians or Afloci-

ates keeping but one Male Ser-

vant, to be aircffid only once

the former Duty; and to the

additional Duty on'Houses and

Windows as foi Shops, under

§3-

Incumbents to pay for Redo-

rial or Vicarial Houses inhabit-

by Curates.

Additional Duty on Houses or

Windows not to extend to

Royal or Public Hospitals.

Houses for Lunatics to be charg-

as Lodging Houses, under

h V * f

. •-» ( . • - - - - — -----—'■ — — -•/ j —-t he like R ate mid

under the like Ruies and Regulations as are herein prdcribed with respect to Per tons aliefled for Houses

let in Part to Lodgers as aforesaid, and shall be entitled to be exempted from the said additional Rate

or P^y like Cafes as Persons so letting Houses in Part to Lodgers : Provided always, that every

Afjeffment to be made by virtue of this Act on any Person having two or more such Dwelling Houses

so let or kept with the Purpose of being so let, shall be ascertained at the Rate before-mentioned on the

Amount of the Duties now payable in respect of each such Dwelling House separately, and noton

the aggregate Amount of the said Duties payable in respect of all the Houses, or of any other of the said

Duties for which such Person fha.ll or may be assessed. ^ i >. .y.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Giall be deemed to occupy any

Dwelling House for the Purpose of being let out in Part to Lodgers, or as a read y-fu miffed Lodging

House, unless the fame shall be actually let, or unless such Person shall prove, upon Appeal in the

Manner herein mentioned, that such Dwelling House hath been let out in Part to Lodgers, or as a

ready-furnished Lodging House, within the Year preceding the Time of making such Appeal, or that

the lame, not being lo let, hath been advertised or publicly offered to be so let in the Period in which

the fame shall not have been so let; and that such Person hath occupied or kept, and doth continue to

occupy or keep the fame, with the bond fide Purpose of being let out in Part to Lodgers or as a ready-

furnished Lodging House.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That any Person having more than four Children

of him or her, or of his or her Wife or Husband, or of both of them, born in lawful Wedlock, being

respectively under the Age of twenty-one Years, and maintained by such Person at his or her Expence

shall be entitled to the reipedtive Abitements following, over and above any other Abatement to which

such Person may be entitled on the Ground of his or her Income ; that is to lay, Any Person having

mofe than four such Children, and not amounting to eight such Children, shall have an Abatement at

the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the additional Rates or Duties hereby impolcd

any Person having eight such Children and not more than nine such Children, an Abatement after the

Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Amount as aforesaid ; and any Person having ten such Chil-

dren or more, an Abatement after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum on such Amount - which

Abatement shall be allowed by the respective Commissioners for executing this Adf, upon Appeal and

Delivery of a Declaration dating the Number of such Appellant’s Childien, and on Proof made to the

Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, (\f the Truth of the Matters contained in such Declaration • and

the said Commissioners shall cause the Assessment to be amended, as the Cafe shall require.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person having served, or who" shall during

the Continuance of this Act, serve the Office of Sheriff of any County, or any annual Office in any

Corporation or Royal Burgh, and who shall beafleffed to the Duties payable on Servants, Carriages.

or Horses kept by him during such Year of Service, shall be liable to be charged during such Year of

Service, by virtue of this Act, for any Number of Servants, Carriages, and Horses, greater than the

Number such Person was assessed to by the lad Assessment made prior to the Year of such Service nor

diallhe be liable to be so charged after such Year of Service, provided he shall ccafe to keep anyVuch

additional Carriage, Horse, or Servant, Carriages, Horses, or Servants, after the Expiration of such

Year of Service. '

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Physician, Surgeon, Apothecary or Alid-

wife, shall be liable to be assessed, by reason of this Act, at more than a iingle Rate in Addition to the

Sum at which he is or may be assessed by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force, for a Carriage or

for two Horses, in any Cafe where he does not keep more than one Carriage, or two Horses. ' *

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Academician or AfTociate of the Royal

Academy oi Arts in Great Britain, keeping one Male Servant only, shall be liable to be assessed to the

said additional Rate or Duty in a Sum greater than once the Amount of the Duties now payable on

such Male Servant by the lad Assessment thereof; and that every such Academician or Afiociate shall

be assessed to the said additional Rate or Duty on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and on inhabited

Houses, at the like Rate, and under the like Rules as are hereinbefore prescribed for Dweliin" Houses

occupied in Part as Shops. ;* f • ttLJ

X VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in every Cafe in which the Rector or Vicar

of any Panin ^hurchshall employ a Curate to perform Divine Service therein, which Curate shall re-

slate in the redlorial or vicarial House, then the additional Rates or Duties charged upon each such Ho-jfe

by this Act, shall be defrayed by such Rector or Vicar, and not by such Curate.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

extend to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties payable on Houses. Win-

dows, or Lights, in relpcdt of any of the Royal or Public Hospitals, or any Chambers or Apartments

therein used or occupied for charitable Purposes.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall be duly licensed to keep,

and who shall keep a House for the Reception of Lunatics, shall be chargeable with any greater Rate of

Duty than if such House had been let out to Lodgers. * K

XXI. And

