A.D. 1798.

6th C A S E.—O wners of

Houses demised to Te-

nants. t

- 7th CASE.—Owners of

Houses or other Buildings

occupying the fame.

gth CASE. — Income

arising from Professions, or

Trades, or Vocations.

9th CASE.-—Income

anting firomAnnuities, In-

terest of Money, Relit

Charge, or other Payments.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 16.

Three-fourths of the Relit, at which Lands of the like Quality and Quantity are

worth, to be let by the Year in that Neighbourhood.

In such Cafe, the annual Relit for which the House shall be let, /hall be taken

to be the Income of the Owner, after deducting the fair Averjgc for Money ex-

pended in Repairs during the ten preceding Years.

_ i , # s t / frS 1 - >9 Jp L f

The annual Value of such Houses or other Buildings shall be taken accord-

ing to the fair Relit at which the fame might be let, clear of all Repairs.

The Income of such Person shall be taken at not less than the full Amount of

his or their Profits or Gains, acquired or received within the Year, ending the

thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and

which such Person might or could expend within such Year, or, at the Election

of the Person afiefled, at a Sum not less than the fair and just Average for one

Year of the Amount of his or her Profits or Gains in the three Years preceding

the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

and which such Persons might or could expend within the said three Years.

In such Cafes, the Income shall be taken at not less than the whole Suras

payable within the Year preceding the pa(sing of this Act.

711

RULES letting forth in which Cafes, and on* what Account, any Deductions may be

" . made in estimating the fair Income.

ift, General Deductions.

2d, Deductions in respect

C>f Land. , -

3d, Deductions by Per-

ibns having Estates for

Life or Lives only, in Ad-

dition to any other De-

ductions before mentioned.

FIRST, The Amount of annual Interest payable for Debts owing by or

charged upon the Estate of the Appellant.

Second, The Amount of Allowances to any Child or Children, or other

Relations of the Appellant, such Child or Children or other Relations not mak-

ing a Part of the Family of such Appellant.

Third, The Amount of the Aflefied Taxes, contained in the lad Assessment--

or Assessments thereof, within the Year ending the fifth Day of April one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Fourth, The Amount of the several Rates made upon and paid by such Ap-

pellant, within one Year, ending the thirty-first Day of December one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Relief of the Poor, for the several Rates

commonly called The Church Rate, The County Rate, The Rate (if any)-

for paving, watching, and lighting Streets, or for Maintenance of Sewers, or

any Rate, Tax, or Assessment payable under any Law or A& of Parliament for*

the Purposes of draining or Embankment, or for the Erection or Repair of.

Churches, Gaols, Bridges, or other public Buildings, or for Repair of

Highways.

Fifth, The Amount of any Annuity payable by the Appellant, either as a.

Debt or Charge upon his or her Income, excepting any Payment to the Wife

of any Appellant living with such Appellant.

First, The Amount of the Land Tax paid by, or to be paid by the Appellant,

or any former Owner or Occupier, within one Year, ending the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Second, The fair yearly Average for Money expended in Repairs of Build-

ings during the ten preceding Years.

Third, The Amount of Fee Farm Rents, Quit Rents, Relit Charges,

Ground Rents, and other Rents payable by the Appellant, being himself tho

Owner of the Land, estimated for one Year next preceding the Time of mak-

ing the Appeal, and also of Fines on a fair yearly Average.

The Amount of Premiums for Insurance paid out of their Incomes to secure

a Provision for themselves, or any of their Families, or for the Benefit of their

Creditors after their Decease. ? -

t

FORM

