48

C. 27.

tricesimo

4 certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade

4 and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British) Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as

4 the fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place

4 bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom ; which said last-mentioned Act has

4 also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven

4 hundred and ninety-five: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his

4 present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between

4 this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that

4 the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign should be further continued :* May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on

between this Kingdom and the People and T erritories belonging to the United States of America; and that

the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters and

Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, and no longer.

*3 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 39, so far

as relates to the

Commerce be-

tween this

Kingdom and

the United

States of Ame-

rica, and 24 Geo. Ill, Cap. 45, to continue in force till April 5, 1796

Articles from II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of

any Place bor- ^at>y place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported

Baltic °which ^rom hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law-now in force, or which

may be export- shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities what-

cd from this ever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of

Kingdom, if this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by

exported^con- virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted

andVoodslm- to *mPorte^ > or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the T erritories of the said United

ported from the States of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or

United States shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty

of America, jn Council, the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commo-

and not per- ,-dities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and

mitted by LflWj a « i ~ * •

m»i also Goods Apparel belonging thereto.

imported from these States contrary to Law, to be forfeited*

How For-

feitures are to

Be recovered

and applied.

Act to continue

in force till

April 5, 1796;

but may be re-

pealed this

Srflion.

34 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 81, re-

cited.

Certain Clanfes

of recited Act

repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be

sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce

thereof disposed ofi paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and

Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for,

nrolecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the

Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and no longer. \ •'

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied,

or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

V;^ ' CAP. XXVII.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the

thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled, “ An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom f as relates

to the Militia of the City of London •, and for the better ordering the fame.

mmmtm .[28th Apru 1795.3

*T 7HERFAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending so

1 VV much cf an Act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 Charles the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom/ ’ as

4 relates to the Militia of the City of London, and for the better ordering the fame : And whereas several of

4 the Provisions and Regulations in the said Act have been found defective ; and it is expedient that the said

4 several Provisions and Regulations should be repealed, and further Powers granted for carrying the Purposes

4 of the said Act into Execution Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Clause in the said recited Act which directs

44 That the Private Men to be raised by virtue thereof should be chosen by Ballot j” and also, the seven next

following Clauses, containing Provisions and Regulations relating thereto; and also, the Clause which

enacts That if the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Council, of any Ward, should provide any

i 44 Volunteer

