528

Regiments or

Vfffch, who

fluJl in a li-

mited Time

make out

Tickets for

Payment of

Eounties re-

maining due,

which shall be

paid agreeably

to Cap. 4. of

the present

Sc if]on.

Time for which

Persons enrolled

shall be liable

to serve.

Persons enrolled

accused of Ca-

jiital Crimes,

dec. to be de-

livered over to

the Civil Ma-

gistrate.

Penalty on Of-

ficers for re-

futing to de-

liver them

oyer.

Persons enrolled

i>ot to be taken

out of the Ser-

vice but for a

criminal Matter.

Returns to be

made in the fol-

lowing Form.

C. 39.

1 • ; •

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo G e o r g i i III.

A.D. 1797.

tered to serve ; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being

admitted into any Regiment, or before such Volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the County for which

he shall serve*or from the Time of such Person’s joining such Regiment, which shall first happen, or from the

Time of such Person being mustered and rated on board any such Ship, Tender, or Vessel, and before such

Ship or Vessel shall proceed to Sea, as the Cafe may be, make out a Ticket or Tickets for the Payment of

the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and

which {hall be expressed in the Certificate granted in that Behalf, in such Manner as if such Bounty Money

had become due to such Person on account of Arrears of Pay as a Private Man in such Regiment, if such

Person shall enter into the Army, or on account of Wages as a Landman or Seaman on board such Ship or

paid to such

an Act passed

1 in the fevsral

I ' 1 — T-- %J ~ / ' O

Counties of England , for the Service of his Majesty's Army and Navy, and shall be reimbursed to the Person so

paying the fame, by the Collector of the Ccfs for the particular Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Town.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled by virtue of the said first recited Act, and in-

lifted into any Regiment or Independent Company of his Majesty’s Army, shall be liable to serve therein

during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End of the

War, if the Regiment or Independent Company, in which such Person shall be serving, shall be in Great Britain1,

or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Arrival of such Regiment or Company in

Great Britain \ and that every such Person entering into the Service of the Navy, shall be liable to serve

therein during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End

of the War, if the Ship on board which such Person shall serve shall be in any of the Ports of Great Britain,

or otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after the Arrival of such Ship in any such Port.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled in his Majesty’s Service, by

virtue of the said first recited Act, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence

against the Person, Estate. or Property of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, which is punishable by the known

Laws of the Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby required to

use his or their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Mag’strate, and shall also

be aiding and assisting to the Officers of fuftice in flizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring

him to Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that

Purpose, to deliver over such accused Personto the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Offi-

cers of Justice in apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted

before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County where the Faftis committed, by the Oath of

two creditable Witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employ-

ment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty’s Service, provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the

Comnnffioners of the Treasury for the Time being. - .’1

XL And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled in his Majesty’s Service, in virtue of the

said first recited Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s Service by any Process whatever, other

than by some criminal Process for some criminal Matter, punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forms of Enrolment and of the Return which the Justices

of the Peace and other Officers are required to cause to be made and returned of the Number of Men levied

for his Majesty’s Service, together with the other Particulars by the said first recited and this Act directed,

shall be made in the following Form : ;

