102

G. 55. ving Annoying tricdimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

persons ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

Quarter o-f-

fions.

Penalties may

be mitigated.

Witnesses r.ot

attending, dec.

to forfeit 40 s.

Penalties not

prosecuted for

within the

limited Time,

recoverable only

as is herein

mentioned.

Persons coun-

terfeiting

Stamps, &c.

guilty of

Felony.

All Powers

respetting for-

mer Duties, to

extend to this

Act.

Duties to be

paid to the

Receiver Ge-

neral of Stamp

Duties, and by

him paid into

the Exchequer.

Duties to be an

- Addition to the

Revenue for

defraying the

inc reased

Charge of any

nude'thereof in case they shall not be redeemed withirj fix Days, rendering to'the Party the Overplus (if

any); and where the (roods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit

such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space ot three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary

Penalty shall be iooner paid and satisfied ; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves

aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the

Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Coffs as shall be awarded in case

such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sessions

for the County, Riding, or Place, which shalt happen after fourteen Day next after such Conviction shall

have been made, and of which Appeal reasonahie Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to

summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the

Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or

Persons appealing, to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall

fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fir, (reasonable Costs and Charges of

the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always

allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than

a Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges 5 any Thing contained in

this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or

Witnesses, to give Evidence, before such Justice, touching ally of the Matters relative to this Act, and

shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, his or her reasonable

Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing

shall refuse to be examined on Oath or Affirmation, and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be

depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings,

to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in Default of Prosecution within the Time

herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of

his Majesty’s Attorney General in Em land* or Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the re(pedive

Courts of ExchequeTTn England and Scotland, in which Cafe the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture (hq.ll

belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, anJ Shares of

Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be

paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties for the Time being ; and that

in all Cafes where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they

shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deduding all

Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or

Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures (o

recovered ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or

forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used, or

provided, made, or used in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act for the Purpose of denoting any of

the Duties by the said recited Act or this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the

fame upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

t.f any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

liable to the said Duties, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the fame to be

counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently ule any Stamp or iMark, directed or allowed to be used by

the fame recited Act or this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the

said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (lull be adjudged a Felon,

and dull fuller Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy

XV1IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That all Powers, Provisions, Articles,

Clauses, Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or

appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the Duties hereby

imposed, and (lull be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the

said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation

to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties herein-before granted

shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties

on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising and

accounting for the fame being deducted) into his Majesty’s Receipt cf Exchequer at Westmiafter, at such

Time and in such Manner as other Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be

paid ; and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the said Rates

or Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for

the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock to be created, by

virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during

the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other

IliP ‘ iWT Branches

