txliv The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and Duties of Stamps, now payable on Vellum, Parch-1

ment, and Paper, to all other Materials.

$6. An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs,

and for regulating certain other Offices therein; and for '

applying the Fees which have been received from vacant

Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation

Fund.

*7\ An Act for the Administration of Assets in Cafes where

the Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out of

the Realm.

€3. An Act for regulating, until the first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and

carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

Africa.

B9. An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt

Duties to the Commissioners of Excise; and for repealing

the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and

Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties,

Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon.

90. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One

Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and

for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies

granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making

forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets,

Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders,

loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

91. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans

or Exchequer Bills. 7

92. An Act to revive, continue until the tenth Day of jIpril

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend

an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on

Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands ^Scotland

therein particularly deferibed\ for a limited Time, and for re-

jrulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respectivt Districts

in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain ad-

ditional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a

Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland;

and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Par-

liament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland.

93. An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on Taxed

Carts.

94. An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of

Cavalry, raised by virtue of two Acts of the last Session of

Parliament.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

p

Anno Regni 38 Georgii III.

S# AN Act to amend two Acts, made in the thirty-first

JTX, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His* present

Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church

of All Saints within the Town and County of the Town

of Southampton.: -

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

Several Acts, one passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Jlcigu of His late Majesty King George the Second, and

the other in the sixteenth Year of His present Majesty,

so far as the fame relate to repairing the Road from Tad-

caster to Halton Dyal, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York.

3. An Act for extending the Time limited for determining

a Lottery, tstablished under the Authority of an Act,

passed in the thirty-seven^h Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to

dispo/t of his Collection of Modem Paintings, as now exhibited

al his Gallery in Fleet-Street, by Way of Chance.

4. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth

. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads

from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South-

weft Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from

thence in two Branches (one through Ripley over Burage

Greeny and the other through Knaresbrough and Borough-

bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of

Water or Watercourse on Hutton Aloor, in the County

of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said

Moor, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from

the South -weft Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate

(through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge.

5. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers of an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chat-

teris Ferry to Hammond’s Eau and Somersham Bridge;

and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham

Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also the

Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge,

through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Hun-

tingdon.

6. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and amending the Powers of two Acts respect-

ively made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from

the said Road, upon Cajllcfowcrly Pasture, to Caldbeck9

all in the County of Cumberland.

7. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year ot

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from a Place called Crouch Hilly in the Parish

of Henfieldy to the Turnpike Road leading from Bright*

helmftone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said

Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County

of Suffix; and also for repairing and widening the Road

from Ublcy's Farm, in the Parish of Hurflperpoint, to the

Marie Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said

County.

8. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and

improving the Road from Combe Bridge, through IVinfey

and Bradford to Staverton, and the Koad from Bradford

14 Bridge

