43*

C. 3»

m m ” T* pin M %| * m V« I

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796,

any Person (ha|l

engage 9 Voluiw

tter, and shalt

after Enrolment

refuse to pay

him the Sum

agreed on, a

Justice may or-

der it to be paid

immediately, and

Regulations for

calling out and

training the

Supplementary

Militia.

Persons shall have agreed to pay to the Man so engaged a certain Sum for such Service, and shall, after such

Man has been enrolled, refuse to pay him the full Sum agreed on, it shall be lawful for any one Tuftice of the

Peace on Application made to him, and such Justice is hereby required to order such Sum of Money as shall

appear to him to be due to the Man so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the Person or Persons by

or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aTorefaid, and such Justice shall proceed therein in the fame Man-

ner as is directed by an Act of the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better adjusting

and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better regulating of such Servants,

and of certain Apprentices.

proceed accordingly as under Stat. ?o Cep. 2. c. 19.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Supplementary Militia to be raised as aforesaid, or such

Part thereof as shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting of

Lieutenancy, with the Approbation of his Majesty, to be trained and exercised together, shall be called out

for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of twenty Days, and which training and exercif-

ing shall commence as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be; and in every County,

Riding, or Place in which it shall have been appointed, that the whole of such Supplementary Militia shall

not be trained or exercised at the fame Time, then the respective Parts thereof shall be trained and exercised

successively, until the Whole of the Men serving for such County, Riding, or Place shall have been trained

and exercised for the Space of twenty Days; and that for the Purpose aforesaid the Men serving for such

County, Riding, or Place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised, in such Manner, and in such

Proportions, at such 7'ime or Times, and Place or Places, in such County or Riding, as shall be appointed

by the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy, to be holden as herein-

before directed, or in Default of any such Meeting being holden, then by the Lieutenant of the County,

Riding, or Place, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, authorized by his Majesty to act as aforesaid; and that

during such Time as the Men shall be alTembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, they, and

each of them, shall be subject and liable to the lame Orders, Regulations, Pains, and Punishments, as the

Militia Forces are subject and liable to by the said former Ad, during the Time of their Annual Exercise;

Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meet-

ing of Lieutenancy, to alter the Places appointed for act'embling the Men for Exercise, and from Time to

Time to appoint other or additional Places as they shall find expedient, giving the like Notice thereof as is

herein required to be given of the Places first to be appointed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be

The Men while

assembled for

training, to be

subject! to the

fame Regula-

tiens as the Mi-

litia are by the

former Act.

The Place for

Exercise may

be altered.

The Men to be

trained by such

Officers, tec. of

the Regiments

serving for the

respective

Counties as can

be spared; or the

Lieutenants and

Deputies, with

the Approbation

of his Majesty,

may appoint

Officers as here-

in directed ;

such Officers,

Arc. entitled to

the fame Pay as

in the Militia; and no such Officer to be deprived of Half-pay.

trained and exercised during the respective Periods of twenty Days, by such Officers, Non-commissioned

tppointed to act as

tive Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of Militia serving for their respective Counties or Ridings, as may

Officers, and Drummers, or Private Men, appointed to act as Non-commissioned Officers, of the relpec-

be conveniently spared from Service, and shall be detached for that Purpose; and where a sufficient Num-

ber of such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, or Drumfners, cannot be conveniently spared, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, with the Approbation of his

Majesty, to appoint for that Service proper Officers as is herein-before directed; and all such Officers,

Non*-commissioned Officers, or Privates appointed to act as Non-commissioned Officers, shall be entitled

to the fan^e Pay during such Service as the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of Militia are entided

to receive during the Times of Annual Exercise, over and above any other Pay, or other Emoluments or

Allowances, to which they, or any of them, may be respectively entitled in the Corps to which they may

belong; and no such Appointment of any Officer entitled to Half-pay shall be construed to deprive such

Officer of such Half-pay during the Time he shall serve in the said Supplementary Militia.

Notice of the

Time and Place

of Exercise shall,

by Order of the

General Meet-

ings, be sent by

their Clerk to

the Clerks of

the Sub-divi-

fion Meetings,

and the Deputy

Lieutenants

shall cause the

Men to be called

out as herein

mentioned.

Men not attend-

ing, liable to the

Penalties oCthe

first recited ACft.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Militia

Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall, by Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, be sent by

the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Clerks of the several Sub-division Meetings in the respective

Counties, Ridings, and Places; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Sub-division Meeting to be held

for carrying this Act into Execution after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men serving for

such Sub-division to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the

General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables or other Of-

ficers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions respectively, with Direc-

tiens to forward the fame to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers within their

respective. Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions,^ which Constables, Tythingmen,

Headboroughs', or other Officers, shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the

Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (if any Place shall have

no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or

Place thereunto adjoining; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby

required also to give Notice, in Writing, to the several Militia Men who shall be called out to be trained

and exercised at such 'Limes and Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the fame at

their usual Places of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Militia

Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise, according to such Notices respectively, and, in

Default

0

