i

82 8

C. 65, 66.

Anno tricesimo octavo G eorgii III. A.D. 1798.

Tender of

Amends

or Payment into

Court.

Limitrtion of

Act ions*.

Notice.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

No Proceedings

to be qualhed

for Want of

Form, or re-

moveable into

any Court of

Record at Westminster.

Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or

Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespaft'ers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity

which thall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining ; and the Person or Persons aggrieved by

such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe: Provided

always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action for such Irregularity, or for any

Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or

them, or his, her, or their Attorney, or by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such

Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or

Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any

Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they, shall think fit,

whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in

other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Per-

son or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless ten 'Days Notice in VWiting, signed

by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, be thereof given to the Defendant or Defendants, specifying

the Cause of such Action or Suit, hath been given to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar

Months next after the Fact committed ; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the

County where the Cause of such Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants

in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General

Kfue, and give this Act and the special Matter ih Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear to be so done,

or such Action or Suit shall be brought before ten Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, or after the

Time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid,

then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall

be nonsuited, or diicontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared,

or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant or Defendants shall

recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath in other

Cafes by Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, or other Proceedings made,

touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any

Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be re-

moved or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at WeslrninJler, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding*

Act not to ex-

tend to Scot-

land.

Public Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to oe a Puolic Act; and shall

be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all Persons whomsoever, without specially

pleading the same. -

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to

accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may vo-

luntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.—[21ft "June 1798.]

W

o much of

,6 Geo 3. c 107,

t any otherAtf,

1 faithful and loyal Subjects are exposed to great Hazard, and the Continuance of which must be highly

1 prejudicial to the most important Interests of the British Empire: And whereas from an ardent Zeal

‘ for the Interests of his Majesty, and of their Country, and from an affectionate Concern for their loyal

‘ Fellow Subjects in Ireland, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of divers of his

1 Majesty’s Regiments of Militia in this Kingdom, have submitted to his Majesty the dutiful and voluntary

‘ Offer of their Services to be employed in Ireland, in Aid of his Majesty’s Forces in that Kingdom, for

‘ the Suppression of the said unnatural and wicked Rebellion : And whereas it may materially conduce to

4 the Protection and Security of his Majesty’s faithful Subjets in Ireland, and also to the Defence of this

4 Kingdom against the Designs of the Enemy, as well as to the general Interests and Security of the Br 'aish

4 Empire, that his Majesty may be empowered to avail himself of this new and distinguished Instance of

4 public Spirit:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of

the A<t of the twenty-fmh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An All for amending, and

5 reducing

1

