• & I s' '■ . w, -■

478 C. 6. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796*

l-urfcd out of

the fcrft AfTriT-

tnent.

Concral or Svib-

division Meet-

ings may re-

quire the At-

tendance of

I'oacc Officer!:

penalty on fqch

Officers* for Ne-

gleft of Duty.

14 Geo. II.

Cap. 44. to ex-

tend to Lieute-

nants and De-

puty Lieute-

nant!.

Acceptance of

Commissions

not to vacate

Seats in I’ariia-

ment.

shal! be reimbursed to him by and by out of the first Monies that shall come to his Hands of the Assessments

levied by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, at any

General or Sub-division Meeting of Lieutenancy, or any two or more of them respectively present at such

Meetings, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, requiring

the Attendance of the H gh Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of the Peace at such

Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Officer shall refuse vor ne-

gleet to appear according to such Warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders and Direc-

tiens as he or they respectively shall, from Time to Time, receive from the said Lieutenant and Deputy

Lieutenants respectively, they, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, at their

Discretion, to fine such Per Ion or Person* in any Sum, not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than forty

Shillings, to be applied towards defraying any Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in case

of Nonpayment within thirteen Days, to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be

kept for the Space of one Month without Bail or Mainprize.

LI. And be it further enacted. That the Provisions of an Act, Dafled in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An At7 for the rendering jfu/lices of the

Peace more Jafe in the Execution of their Office* and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience

to their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty’s Lieutenants, and to all Deputy Lieutenants acting in the

Execution of this Act, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as the fame extend to Justices of the

Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

LII. And be it further ensdted, That the Acceptance of a Ccirmiffion in any Regiment, Battalion, or

Troop, raised by virtue of this Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parlia-

ment ; and that no Person being an Officer of any such Regiment, Battalion or Troop, shall be compelled

to serve the Office of Sheriff'.

No Officer compellable to ftrve as Sheriff. '

No Person liable LIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That no Officer of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop,

to Penalty lor or Private therein, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Abfcnee during

Absence, going "l ime he shall be going to vote at any Election cf a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time

^omVlediono5f he shall be returning from such EledEon. - jfcjftJC

Members of Parliament. k Brail

No private Man

compelhble to

ftrve as a Peace

* er Pari ffi Officer,

or in the Navy.

Married Men,

having been

drawn out into

actual Service,

may set up

Trade in any

Place in Great

Britain, as Ma-

riners or Sol-

diers may, un-

• der Stat. *2

Geo. 11. Cap. 44.

Such Places as

by 26 Geo. ill,

Cap. 107. are

deemed to be

situate within

ary Part' of

Counties for the

Purpofts of that

Alt, ffia.l be so

deemed for the

Purpofts of this

A£i

This A & not to

prejudice the

Rights of the

City of London.

Limitation of

Actions.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no private Man in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Troop,

from the l ime of his Enrolment until he shall be regularly discharged, shall be compelled to serve as a

Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty's Sea forces.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in any such Regiment, Battalion, or

Troop, when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up, and exercise any Trade in

any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Moleffation, of or from any Person or

Persons whomsoever, for or by reason ol using or exercising such Trade, as freely, and with the fame Pro-

visions, and under the feme Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities, as

any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act, pafitd in the twenty-second Year of his late

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable J'uch Officer r, Mar met j, and Soldier s, as have been in his Ma~

jeftfs Service since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades ; and no such Person shall be liable to be

removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all such Towns and Places as by an Act passed

in the twenty-(ixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of

Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, are directed to be

deemed to be situate within and Part of any Counties, Ridings, or Places, for the Purpo(es of the said Act,

shall also be deemed to be situate within and Part of the fame Counties, Ridings, and Places respectively,

for the Purposes of this Act; and shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants,

Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers of me respective Counties, Ridings, and

Places, within which such Towns and Places are hereby and by the said Act deemed to be situate in luck

and the same Manner as is provided by the said Act. : t

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

be deemed or construed to be a Precedent, on any future Occasion, to diminish or be prejudicial to the

Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, to which the Mayor and Common-

alty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citizens, or Inhabitants of the said City are en-

titled to enjoy by Prelcription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage, orotherwile howsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enaditd, 'That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or

Persons, for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within fix

Months next alter the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where

the Cause of Complaint did arifc, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action

or

