A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimofeptimo Georgii III. C. no, ill.

III. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties respectively imposed by this A& upon Pepper Additional Duty

to be used in this Kingdom, shall be also subject and liable to an additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum ?n FcFPcr

thereon, in the same Manner and under the fame Regulations as the said Duty was imposed by the Act of 3^*° t,:caddl-

Parliartient pahed in this present Session before-mentioned, and shall also be lubjed and liable to the addi- r^per Cent?

tional Duty of five Pounds per Centum granted by this present Act. before granted this Session, and to the 5I. per Cent, hereby granted.

* IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted as shall arise in

that Part of - Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the

Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

^Hof Customs

England and Scotland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted. That the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be

respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collcded, answertd, paid, and recovered, in such and the

like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods by which the Duties of Cuf-

toms imposed on the like Goods by an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, (amongst other Things,) for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting

other Duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered", paid,

and recovered; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so by this Act respectively made chargeable

with Duties of Customs, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Con-

ditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize

were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the passing of

this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine,or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against

or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act,

made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several

Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to,

and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of

Customs hereby respectively charged, (as far as the fame are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a

Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers,

Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body

of this present Act. . ,

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and

additional Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the

fame respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer

at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Con-

so 1 dated Fund. \ , >

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise as aforesaid, or so much thereof

as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an AdJition made to the Revenue (or the Purpose of defraying the in-

Creased Charge occasioned by any Loan raised or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this

Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, shall continue

lo be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, diflindly and apart from all other Branches of

the Public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Re-

ceipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said

Duties and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall, together with the Monies arising from any

other Duties granted, or to be granted, in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such in-

i'real' Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Ma-

jelly, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Duties to be

managetfas the

Duties imposed

on like Goods

by 17 Geo. 3.

c» 13.; and the

Acts in force at.

passing this Act

to extend there-

to.

Duties to be

carried to tht

Con fell dated

Fund.

Application of

Duties, which,

for 10 Years,

are, with others

granted for the

fame Purpose,

to he kept fepa-

rate from all

other Monies.

KBBfV \ cap. cxr.

\

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

* * \ f 19th July 1797-]

* Most gracious Sovereign, -

* TI 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Greet Britain in Parliament

* V V assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

* making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

* grant unto your Majesty the Duty hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly befcecl? your Majesty

* that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembltd, and

by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected> and paid, throughout the King-

dom of Great Britain, upon every Deed which shall be made after the first Day of Augiefl one thousand

Even hundred and ninety-seven, an additional Stamp Duty often Shillings, which Duty shall be paid over

and above all Duties now payable on the Stamped Vellum and Paper, whereon such Deed shall be engrossed,

written, or printed. -

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Aift contained shall be construed to extend to charge any

Bond or Letter of Attorney with the Duty hereby imposed; nor any Deed whatever, executed by any Party,

W* v or

f See ante,

C:p. 90; and

fest. CAp. 13#.J

For every Dei d

made after Aug.

i, 1797, an act-

dition.il Duty of

ion. to b? paid.

Act not to ex-

tend to I oiids

or Letters of

Attorney, &c.

