A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georg 11 III. C. 8.1, 82.

and Place, fha’I be, shall and may, and they are hereby required, at their General Quarter Sessions, to

appoint a I reafurer; arid Hull, from Time to Time, assess upon every Parish, Tithing, Township,

Hamlet, and Vill, within the Liberties ol such Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divisions, and Places, in such

Proportions as the Rates heretofore made for the Relief of the Poor h ive usually been assessed ; and shall

c.i jh? to be paid, out of the Money coiledfed and levied for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parish,

J uhing, I ownship, Hamlet, and Vill, into the Hands of such Treasurer, such Sum and Sums of Money

a? are, (lull, and may be, in their Discretion, necessary for the Pur poles of this Adb; and such Treasurer

(b dl pay and dispose of the tame accordingly, and shall be and ad in all Refpcite, in respect to the Pro-

visions of this Act, the fame as the Treasurer or Treasurers of peculiir Districh where a Public Stock is

now raised. ' ' v

V I 4 And whereas Doubts and Difficulties have arisen as to the Extent of th© Power of Justices of the

Peace to make Orders for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers;’ be it

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

for justices. of the Peace to make Orders for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or

Volunteers, serving in the Militia, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march,

becoming chargeable to the Parishcs, Townships, or Places, where such Families shall dwell, out of* the

Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place, not exceeding such Sum or Sums, as by the said Acts are

directed and authorized with regard to the Families of Men chosen by Lot, and of Serjeants, Corporals,

Drummers, and Fifers. ,

VII. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Power of the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions,

1 to make and enforce Ordejs on Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which Sub-

1 stitutes serve, for repaying the Money to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, who shall advance

4 and pay the fame, in pursuance of the said Act, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, where

4 the Family of such Substitute dwells, unless the Relief was afforded under Orders previously made by a

4 Tuftice of the Peace, and Accounts of such Payments transmitted from 'rime to Time, quarterly, by the

4 Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place where the Families of such Substitutes reside and dwell, to the

4 Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, for which the Substitutes serve; and such Orders have been

4 frequently made after the Relief afforded, and the Parish Officers have not applied for or been repaid the

4 fame quarterly be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of any

County, Riding, or Place, to the Treasurer whereof any Certificates of Orders and Accounts of Monies

paid for the Relief of the Families of any Substitutes shall not have been transmitted by the Treasurer of any

other County, Riding, or Place, in the Manner and within the Time directed by the said Act, dial], and

they are hereby required, at their next or any subsequent General Quarter Sdfions to be held after1 the

passing of this Act, to enquire into and examine any such Account, and to allow all such Payments as shall

have been actual]y made, whether the Orders for the Relief were made before or after the Relief afforded,

and although the Accounts thereof shall not have been transmitted quarterly, and forthwith to make Orders

for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which the Substitutes shall serve, to

Pay the fame to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Parish, Township, or

lace, shall be situated, out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Township, or Plact, within fourteen Days

next after such Allowance of any such Account, which Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required, to pay

or remit the Amount of such Account within fourteen Days next after the Receipt thereof.

VIII. 4 And whereas the colledirtg and receiving such Sums of Money four Times in the Year from a

4 great Number of Parishes is and will be attended with very considerable Trouble and Expence;’ be it

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Treasurer of

Tie County, Riding, or Place, who shall repay to any Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or

Piacc, where such Families shall dwell, shall transmit a Certificate of the Order of the Justice allowing such

Relief, (whether made before or after such Relief being afforded,) and also an Account of Monies so repaid

by him, from Time to Time, (either yearly at the hqjlcr Sessions, or quarterly, as required by the said

Ad,) to the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Substitutes

(bdl ftrve, which Accounts so received shall be allowed by the Justices at such Sessions, who shall forthwith

make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which such Substitutes

shall serve, to pay the fame to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the Poor Rates of

such Parish, Township, or Place, within twenty-one Days next after such Sessions shall be held as aforesaid,

which Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required to remit or pay the Amount of such Account, within

fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, trunfmitting

such Certificate and Account as aforesaid.

An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township

of Gainjburzh, in the Parish of Gainjburgh, in the County of Lincoln ; and also for making a Compenfa-

tien for the Tithes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of Thonock, in the said Parish.

pzd 1795. j

. 149

pointed, the

Justices may

appoint one,

and make Af-

f-ifnent-, &c.

Justice* may

order ReJ.ef to

the Families of

Substitutes,

hired Men, and

Volunteers.

Quarter Scflioil

to allow Pay-

ments made to

the Families of

Substitutes,

though Ac-

counts have not

been transmitted

quarterly, See.

Treasurers re-

paying Over-

seers of the Poor

Relief given to

such Families,

to transmit the

Ol der of the

Justice, and an

Account, to the

Justices of the

Place for which

Substitutes

serve, who shall

order Payment

oqt of the Poor

Rates.

CAP.

