5S6

C.97.

Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1

797

The Duties on

Importation of

Wheat, ScG. to

be ascertained

according to the

Trices in Table

D, in 3» Geo. 3.

c. 30.

American Oil,

&c. may be im-

ported on Pay- -

me nt of the fame

Dutiesaspn Im-

portation from

Countiies not

belonging to his

Majesty, in Bri*

tish Vessels.

American To-

bacco may he

so imported on

Payment of the

like Duties as

from British

Colonies in

America by

Pritish Sub*

lefts; and

Snuff, on the

Payment of

the like Duties

as European

I'roduftion, ice,

Cap. 63.

+ Cap. 40.

American Rice

may be import-

and ware-

h ou fed, on pre-

sent Payment of

S d. per Cwt. j

and the Im-

porter’s Bond

for Payment of

the remaining

Duty ;

and at London

and certain other

Ports without

Payment of any

Duty, under

certain Condi.

*ions.

Importers may

have Access to

Warehouses.

Rice taken out

of Warehouses

for Home Con-

fumption,to pay

Che full Duties;

but maybe ex-

ported Duty-

free, under the

TV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain, from the

salt! United States of America, of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg. Oats, O.it-

meal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, and Maize, the Duties to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and

ascertained according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal,

in the Manner set forth and specified in the Table marked D, in an Act, passed in the thirty-fird Year of his

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation ana Exportation of Corn, and the Payment

of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; any Thing contained in

/•this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Oil made from Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber,

Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United

States of America, may be imported from the Countries of the said United States into this Kingdom, in

British or American Ships, owned and navigated as hereinbefore required, upon Payment of fuen Duties of

Customs as are payable on the like Goods and Merchandize upon their Importation into this Kingdom, in

British-built Ships, from Countries not under the Dominion of his Majesty, subject also, when imported in

American Ships, to the countervailing Duties imposed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enafteJ, That any Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any of the Terri-

tories of the said United States-of America, may be imported in British or American Ships, owned and navi-

gated as hereinbefore required, upon Payment of the fame Duties of Customs and Fxcise as Tobacco im-

ported by British Subje£ts from any Britisho Colony or Plantation in America, is or may hereafter be subject

to; and that any Snuff, being the Production and Manufacture of any of the said Territories, may be im-

ported, in Manner beforementioned, upon Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise as Snuff, being

the Production or Manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subject tp; and may

be warehoused, and again exoorted ; such Tobacco and Snuff to be subject respcrftively nevertheless to ail and

fmgular the Regulations, Restrictionsj Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating to the Importation and Exportation

thereof, or in any other Respect relating thereto, of an Act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for grant-

ing nnv Duties in lieu thereof; and another Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reignf,

intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Ail, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for

4 repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof \ or of any other Act

fnce made relating thereto, subject also, when imported in American Ships, to the countervailing Duties

imposed by this Act : Provided always,’that such Tobacco shall be accompanied with a Manifest, as by Law

required. >\ ’.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Rice, being the Growth or Production of any of the Terri-

tories of the United States of America, which shall be imported directly from thence into any of the Ports of

Great Britain, in Manner before mentioned, may, upon the Importer paying down, in Ready Money, the

Duty of Eight-pence the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation of

Rice, be landed and warehoused, except as hereinafter provided, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and

the Importer, in such Warehouses as shall be approved of for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs, or any fjur or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any three or

more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the Collector and Comptroller of his

Majesty’s Customs of the respective Ports into which such Rice shall be imported, upon the Importer’s own

Bond for Payment of the Remainder of the Duties due and payable for such Rice, within eighteen Months,

according to the Net Weight and Quantity of such Rice at the Time it shall be so landed : Provided al-

ways, tlut upon the Importation of any such Rice into the Ports of London, Bristol, Portsmouth, Cowes,

Liverpool, Lancaster, Falmouth, Poole, Whitehaven, Hull, Greenock, and Port Glasgow, or either of them, in

the Manner hereinbefore expressed, the Importer shall be at Liberty to enter and land the fame, without

Payment of any Duty whatever, upon Condition that such Rice shall be warehoused, under the joint Locks

of his Majesty and the Importers, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall b^ approved of for that Purpose

by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain

called England, or any three or more of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the Col-

lector and Comptroller of his Majesty’s Customs of the respective Ports where such Rice shall be imported ;

and that every Expence attending such warehousing shall be borne by the said Importers; and that such

Importer or Importers, or his or their known Servant, shall, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Hours,

as Occasion may require, have free Access to such Warehouses, in the Presence of some proper Officer

of the Customs, for the Purpose of (kreening and (hifting the Rice, to prevent it receiving Damage ; and

that if any Rice, which shall be so imported from the Territories of the said United States into any of the

Ports ahoveniemioned respectively, and warehoused as aforesaid, shall be taken out of the Warehouses,

wherein the fame shall be secured, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Importers as aforesaid, for

Home Consumption, the full Duties due and payable by Law, upon the Importation of such Rice into this

Kingdom for Home Consumption, and also, when imported in American Ships, the countervailing Duty im-

posed by this Act, shall, previously to its being taken out of such Warehouses, be paid to the Collector of

his Majesty’s Customs at the Port where such Rice shall be so warehoused, but that such Importer, ii he in-

tends to export such Rice, shall have Liberty to export the fame, from such Warehouses respectivdly, under

14. ; :« : the

\

