580 C. 90, 91. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Prev^in the°\l °n anc^ immediately before the patting of this Act, from receiving the Allowance of four Pounds per Centum

Jowance being" thereon, in any Cafe where the Allowance by this Act granted shall not be demanded and paid.

made of 4I. per Cent, on Payment of former Duties.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Ifiue.

Treble Costs.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against:

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Adl, then and in every such Cafe the said

Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fa^t committed, and not after-

wards; and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere;

and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Ittiie, and

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any T rial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action

or Suit {hall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other

County, City, or Place, than as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the Defendant

or Defendants; and if upon such Verdidf, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discon-

tinue his, her, or their Action, or if a VerdidI shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendantor Defendants shall and may recover

Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law. ,

57 Geo. 3. c.45.

The Bank not

to issue Cash but

according to

certain Provi-

fions.

During such

Reftritbon no

Suit to be pro-

secuted to com-

pel Payment of

Notes which the

Bank shall be

willing to ex-

change for other

Notes.

The Bank may

apply to Courts

xto stay Proceed-

ings in Actions.

The Court may

permit Proceed-

CAP. XCI.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Atl for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the ReftriEhon contained

in the Minute of Council of the twenty fixlh Day of February one thousand seven hundred

and ninety seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank} under certain Regulations and Re-

ftridlions.—[22d June 1797.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, for confirming and continuing, for

a limited Time, the Re/lrittion contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty fiixtk of Fe-

4 bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank: And whereas it is

4 expedient that certain Parts of the said Act, which will expire on the twenty fourth Day of June one

4 thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, should be further continuedMay it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent ivJajesty. by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this Act, it shall not be lawful

for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to ittue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or De-

mand whatsoever, except according to the Provisions hereinafter contained; and that, during the Continuance

of the Rettridtion hereby imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, no Action or

Suit shall be prosecuted against the said Governor and Company to compel Payment of any Note of the said

Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, or to compel Payment of any Note of the said

Governor and Company made payable otherwise than on Demand, which the said Governor and Company

shall be willing to exchange for any Note or Notes of equal Amount expressed to be payable on Demand,

or to compel Payment of any Sum of Money whatsoever by the said Governor and Company, which the

said Governor and Company shall be willing to pay in Notes of’ the said Governor and Company expressed

to be payable on Demand; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, during the Conti-

nuance of the Restriction aforesaid on Payments in Cash, to apply to the Court wherein any Action or Suit

shall be brought, or shall be depending, against the said Governor and Company, to day Proceedings therein,

in a summary Way; and in case such Action or Suit shall be brought to compel Payment of any Note or

Notes of the said Governor and Company made payable on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Gover-

nor and Company to apply to the said Court to (lay all Proceedings in such Action or Suit until the Expi-

ration of the Time hereinafter limited for the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, and such Court

shall (lay all Proceedings accordingly; and in like Manner it shall be lawful for the said Governor and

Company to apply to any Court in which any Action or Suit shall be brought or depending for the Purpose

of compelling Payment by the said Governor and Company of any Note of the said Governor and Com-

pany payable otherwise than on Demand, or of any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, to (lay all Proceed-

ings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit, on Payment of such Sum of Money as

shall appear to be justly due, or which might be recovered in such Action or Suit, by Delivery of Notes of

the said Governor and Company for the Amount thereof expressed to be payable on Demand, if the Parry

or Parties to whom such Money shall appear to be due shall be willing to accept Payment thereof in such

Notes, and thereupon such Court shall order all Proceedings to be stayed accordingly; but if the Party or

Parties entitled to any such Money shall refuse to accept Payment thereof by Delivery of such Notes of the

said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand as aforesaid, the said Court shall order

all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action or Suit to be ttayed until the Expi-

ration of the rime hereinafter limited for the Continuance of such Restriction on Payments in Caih as

aforesaid: Provided always, that if it shall appear to such Court to be necessary, for the Purpose of ascertain-

iflg

