A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 36 Georgii III.

* AN Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal,

I4 lour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of

Corn, and other Articles of Provision, for a limited

Time, in any Ships whatever, without Payment of

Duty.

4. An Act to continue an Act for permitting the Import-

ation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed,

into this Kingdom, in Snips or Vessels belonging to any

Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a li-

mited Time.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow,

and Soap, fora limited Time.

6. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of

Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat, and other

Articles of Food; and for lowering the Duties on the

Importation of Starch, and of other Articles made

thereof.

36 Geo. III.

7. An Act for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty’s

Person and Government against treasonable and seditious

Practices and Attempts.

8. An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious

Meetings and Assemblies.

9. An Act to prevent Obstrudlions to the free Passage of

Grain within the Kingdom.

10. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, within %’efe-

'veral Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of

Great Britain called England, incorporated determined by divers Acts

of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance

and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the

Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said fc-

veral Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assess-

ments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets,

and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns,

and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the

Poor.

11. An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise im-

proving, a certain Stinted Failure, called Lancaster AIarJby

in the County Palatine of Lane after,

12. An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen Millions by way

of Annuities.

13. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

14. An Act for granting to His Majesty further additional

Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Manage-

c ment

