A.D. 1798.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III. C. 16.

•707

each or any Receipt, or Second Receipts of the fame Tenor and Date respectively, which Receipts

and Duplicates thereof, or Second Receipts of the fame Tenor and Date, shall severally be cut oft*in-

tientwife from the Counter Cheques thereof, which Counter Cheques are to remain with the said

Governor and Company ; and every Receipt, in Cafes where a Duplicate thereof, or Second Receipt

of the fame I enor and Date, shall be given, shall be denominated in the Body thereof to be the First

Receipt of the fame 1 enor and Date, and the Duplicate of such Receipt or Second Receipt shall be

denominated in the Body thereof to be the Duplicate or Second Receipt of the fame Tenor or

Date. j

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Delivery of the Duplicate of any such Receipt as

aforesaid, or any Second Receipt of the fame Tenor and Date, to any Collector of the said additional

Rates or Duties, in Dischargeof the Whole of the said Rates or Duties, act'efled or charged upon the

Person or Persons delivering or causing to be delivered such Duplicate or Second Receipt, or any Part

thereof, the said Collector mall, if required, indorse in Writing on the Back of the original Receipt,

of which the Duplicate or Second Receipt as aforesaid shall be-delivered, the Amount and the Number

of Instalments of the additional Rates or Duties thereby to be discharged ; and Jthe Commissioners for

executing this Act, in the District where such Duplicate or Second Receipt shall have been delivered,

or any two or more of them, may and they are hereby required, on any Application for that Purpose,

at any of their Meetings, and on Production of the original Receipt indorsed as aforesaid, or other

Proof, given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of the Payment in Advance of any Sum

of Money, on Account of the said Rates or Duties, grant a Certificate thereof under their Hands to

the Person or Persons making such Payments, which Certificates of the said Commissioners shall be re-

ceived, without further Proof, as Evidence of such Payments in all Courts and Placies, and before all

Persons whatever, ' v . - . . i» ' \ •

XCIl. And be it further enacted. That every Person delivering to any CollcClor or Collectors of the

said additional Rates or Duties hereby granted, any Receipt or Duplicate as aforesaid, given for Monies

paid into the said Bank of England, in Advance as aforesaid, in Discharge of not less than three Instal-

mentsof the said additional Rates and Duties charged upon such Person, shall be entitled to an Allow-

alice on the Sums expressed in such Receipt or Duplicate, or such Part thereof, nest exceeding the

Amount of fix Instalments, charged as aforesaid, of so much Money as the Interest of the Sums so

paid in Advance, not being leis than three nor exceeding fix In Raiments as aforesaid, shall amount unto

alter the Rate of four Pounds per Centum ter Annum, from the Day of Payment of the first: of the said

Instalments so to be discharged, until the Day of Payment of the last of the said Instalments, which Al-

lowance is to be ascertained by the Certificate of the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire,

Stewartry, or Place, where such additional Rates or Duties shall be payable ; which Certificate such

Receiver General shall grant on Demand, before the Period of such last Instalment; and the Allow-

alice so certified shall be paid at the Bank of England, or by the Collector or Collectors of the said act-

ditional Rates or Duties, out of any Payments that may be afterwards made by or on the Behalf of the

Person to whom such Certificate shall be granted, or in case no future Payment shall become due,

then by the Receiver General of the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, out of any

Monies in his Hands, of the said additional Rates or Duties.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, having received the Copy of

the Certificate of his or her Aflefirnent to be made by virtue of this Act, shall he delirous of paying the

Duty in Advance at the Bank of England, and of receiving the Discount to be allowed by this Act on

Prompt Payment at the said Bank of England, it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the said

Bank of England, on Production of the Copy of such Certificate at the Time of Payment of the said

Duty in Advance, (the Sum so paid not in any Cafe to be less than the Sum which appears by such

Certificate to be payable, by three Instalments,) to make an Allowance at the Rate befoie mentioned

out of the Sums so paid in Advance, from the Day of paying in the fame until the Day appointed by

this Act for the Payment of the last of the said Instalments thereby discharged, and in such Cafe to give

the Person paying in the fame a Certificate or Receipt, and a Duplicate thereof, speci lying therein the

Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance for such Prompt Pay-

ment *, and all such Allowances shall be made by the said Cashier or Cafiiiers out of the Duties to be

paid in at the said Bank of England, at the Time df paying the fame.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Cashier or

Gafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ on the Receipt of any Sum of Money

by virtue of this Act, to give a Certificate or Certificates in lieu of a Receipt or Receipts as herein-

before mentioned, and if required so to do, a Duplicate or Duplicates thereof, or Certificates of the

fame Tenor, and Date, and every such Certificate shall be of the like Force and Validity as a Receipt

or Receipts in the Manner before directed.. . ,

XCV. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or

cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or aifift in the forging or coun-

terfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, or Receipt or Receipts, for the Whole or any Part or Parts

of the Sums received at the Bank of Englandr, in pursuance of this Act, or any Duplicate of any such

Certificate or Receipt, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word, in any such Certificate, Receipt, or

Duplicate, or knowingly utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered

Certificate or Certificates, or Receipt or Receipts, or Duplicate or Duplicates, with Intent to defraud

4 Y » the

On Delivery of the Dupli-

cate Receipts to the CoUcffbn?,

in Dtftharge of the Whole or

any Part of the Duties, they

flial, if required, indorse on the

original Receipt the Amount

and Number of Instalments

thereby discharged; on Pre-

elusion of which the Commis-

sioners shall give Certificates,

which shall be Evidence of tlw

Payment of the Sum* specified.

Persons delivering to the Col-

lector* Rtceipts of the Bank for

not less than three Instalments,

to have an Allowance of 4l.per

Cent, per Ai ft. for Money ad-

vanced, not exceeding fix In-

flalments j such Allowance to

be ascertained by the Receiver

General’s Certificate, and paid

at the Bank, or by the Collector

or Receiver General, as thft

Cafe may require.

The Bank may allow Discount

to Persons producing the Certi-

ficate of their Assessment, Pre-

paying AfT flments in Advance,

not Ufs than three Instalments,

giving a Receipt and Duplicate,

Bank may give Certificate, in

lieu of Receipts, and Duplicates

thereof.

Perfors forging or altering Cer-

tificates, Receipts, or Dupli-

cate*, or uttering them, to he

ndjudgcvl guilty of Felony,

without Benefit of Clergy.

