A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 88.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act; and be judicially taken

notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially

pleaded. J;

CAP. LXXXVIII,

An Act to regulate the Buying and Selling of Hay and Straw; and for repealing so much

of two Acts, made in the iecond Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary>

and in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relate to the

Buying and Selling of Hay and Straw, within the Limits therein mentioned. V.-

[14th May 1796.}

1 \XHEREAS many and great Abuses are committed by Salesmen, and other Persons felling Hay and

1 Straw in the City of London and within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other

‘ Places within the Vicinity thereof: And whereas the Laws now in being are not sufficient to prevent the

1 fame for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, 'That so much of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of King William

and Queen Mary, intituled, An All for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Weft-

minster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Gut Pariftoes in the County a/'Middlesex, and in the Borough

of Southwark, and other Places within the Wek y Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey, and/or regu-

latwtbe Markets therein mentioned; and also lo much of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, intituled, An A:1 to afiertain the IVeight of /ruffes of Straw, and to punish De-

alt in the Sale of Hay and Stra u in /ruffes, in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and

within the uiftance of thirty Mdes thereof; and to prevent Common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from buying

thejameon their own Account, to fell again; and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Faflors in Cattle, from

buying on their own Account, to Jell again, any live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

orwhich are driving up thereto, as relates to Hay and Straw, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Hay or Straw whatever shall be fold in any Market or Place

within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Weekly Bdlsof Mortality, or within thirty Miles thereof,

other than what is made up in Bundles or Trufies; and if any Perl'011 shall fell any Hay or Straw, other than

whar is made up in Bundles or Trufies, within the Cities or Lamits aforesaid, every Person so offending, and

being convicted thereof, shall for every such ()stence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That each and every Bundle or Trufsof Hay fold in any Market or Place

within the Cities or Limits af irefaid, between the lad i ay of Augu/l in any Year and the first Day of June

in thefucceeding Year, shall contain and he of the tull Wt ight of fifty-six Pounds at lead; and that every

Bundle or Truss of Hay fold within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, between the fird Day of June and the

iaft Day of August in any Year, being new Hay, of the Summer’s Growth of that Year, shall be and con-

tain the lulTWeignt of sixty Pounds, and being old Hay of any former Year’s Growth, the Weight of fifty-

six Pounds as aforesaid; and that each and every Bundle or Truss of Straw fold within the Cities or

Limits aforesaid, shall contain and be of the full Weight of thirty-six Pounds; and that every I^oad of Hay

Or Straw shall contain thirty six Bundles or Trufies; and if any Hay shall be fold within the Cities or Li-

mits aforesaid, whereof any Bundle or Truss shall be of less Weight than aforesaid, every Person so felling

shall forfeit for every such Truss or Bundle of Hay, not being the full Weight aforesaid, any Sum not ex-

ceeding the Sum of five Shillings, nor less than two Shillings and Sixpence, and for every such Truss or

Bundle of Straw the Sum cf one Shilling: Provided always, that no Person shall be convicted in the Penalty

aforesaid, for felling any Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw deficient in Weight as aforesaid, where a Load or

any other or less Quantity is sold at the fame Time to the same Person, if the Number of Bundies or 'Trufies

foiold shall amount upon the Whole to the Average Weight required as aforesaid.

* if the Whole amount to the

IV. And be it further enacted, T hat every Person who shall fell, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, be-

tween the first Day of June and the lall Day of December in any Year, any Hay of the Growth of that Year,

as or for Hay of the Growth of any former Year, shall forfeit and pay for each and every Bundle or Truss

of Hay so fold, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Load, Bundle, or Trufsof Hay or Straw, which shall

be fold in the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall be made up with such Hay or Straw only as the fame appears

to be by the Outlide of every such Load, Bundle, or Truss; and that such Hay or Straw only, and not any

inferior Hay or Straw', shall be deemed and taken to be the Hay or Straw which is to make up the Weight

\ every Bundle or Truss; and every Person who shall fell wnhin the Cities or Limits aforesaid any Load,

indie, or Truss of Hay or Straw, which shall in the Inside thereof be of inferior Goodness from what the

utfide shall appear to be, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor less than two

ulin^s and Sixpence, for every such Bundle or Truss of Hay, and the bum of one Shilling for every such

die or Truss of Straw.

VI. And be it turner enacted, That the Pair of Bands with which any Bundle or Truss of Hay shall be

bound shall not exceed the Weight of five Pounds, upon Pain that every Person who shall fell any Bundle

- . or

373

Public Act.

So much of 2.

W»ll and Mary,

Self. 2. Cap. S.

f f

and of 31 Geo.

II. Cap. 40. as

relates to Hay

and Straw, re-

pealed from

24th June

1796.

No Hay or

Straw to be sold

within certain

Limits, except

in TruflTes, on

Penalty of 20

Weight of

TrulTcs.

Penalty for fell-

ing Trufies

fiiort of

Weight,

but not to ex-

tend to a deft

cient Truss of a

Quantity (old to

the same Person,

Average Weight.

Penalty for fell-

ing new for old

Hay.

Hay or Straw to

be of one Qua-

lity.

Penalty for fell-

ing it mixed.

Penalty for fell-

ing Hay with

£and» exceed.

ing 51b, Weight*

