A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo feptinio Georg 11 III. C. 5.

Sums as may be necessary for Payment of Bounties to such Persons as shall be approved of by the Regulat-

ing Officers. ' -

XXVlli. And be it further enacted, That the said Collectors of the Cess in the several Counties, Stcwar-

tries, Burghs, and Towns, herein-before mentioned, and all other Persons into whose Hands Money raised or

contributed under or in pursuance of this Act shall be paid, shall be liable for the fame as Publick Ac-

countants; and all Surplus Money remaining, after satisfying the Purposes of this Act, shall be at the

Disposal of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, to be applied in providing Men for the

Augmentation of his Majesty’s Army or Navy, in such Manner as in their Difcrerion shall seem

expedient; and the usual Process shall and may issue for compelling an Account and Payment thereof.

467

Persons rect iv-

ing Mont y un-

der this Act to

be liable as Pub-

lick Account-

ants.

Surplus Money

to be at the DiV-

posal of the Treasury, Sec

By April 5,

17177, the Col-

lectors of the

Cess to transmit

Accounts of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors of the Cess within the said several Counties, Stew-

artres, Cities, Burghs, and Towns, shall, on or before the fifth Day of April in the Year one thousand

seven hundred and mnety-seven, transmit to the Receiver General of the Land Tax in Scotland an Account

of the Sums levied by them either for Bounties to Men actually raised, or for Fines and Penalties incurred

in default of raising Men in pursuance of this Act, and dating what Sums of Money remain in their Hands Money levied,

unappropriated to the Purposes herein-before directed; and the said Receiver General shall forthwith transmit and of Balances

the said respective Accounts so received as aforesaid, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, in Hand, to the

and each Cnlle£lor failing to transmit to the said Receiver General the said Accounts, shall incur the Penalty

of five hundred Pounds Sterling, such Penalty to be recovered by furnmary Complaint before the Court of Tax -n 15CC^.

Session, or by Information in the Court of Exchequer, at the Suit of his Majesty's Advocate. land, who iball

forward them to the Treasury. Penalty of 5001. on Collectors failing to transmit Account*.

XXX. And be it ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death or Insolvency of any

Collector of the Cess, or any other Person into whose Hands Money raised or contributed under or in

pursuance of this Act, shall be paid, the Heirs, Executors, Sureties, and Representatives of the said Col-

le^or, or other Persons aforesaid, shall, within forty Days alter the Decease or Insolvency, deliver in to

the Justices of Peace, Clerk, or Town Clerk respectively, as the Cafe may be, of each County, Stewartry,

City, Royal Burgh, or Place respectively, an Account, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, of all

Things done by such Person insolvent or deceased, touching the Execution of this Act, and render an

Account of all Monies actually received and remaining unpaid by any such Collector or other Person,

levying and retaining any Sums levied and paid to them in pursuance of this Act, and that under the

Penalty of five hundred Pounds; to be sued for and recovered in like Manner as is herein-before directed

in respect to the Penalties which may be incurred by such Collector negledhng to transmit to the Receiver

General of the Land Tax the Accounts of the Sums levied in pursuance of this Act.

XXXI. 4 And whereas the Regulating Officer appointed to receive and pals the Men as above mentioned,

Penalty of 5001,

on Heirs, See. of

Colic dors dying

or becoming in-

folvci.t, who do

not, within 40

Days, deliver an

Account of all

Things done by

the Deceased,

Sec. touching

the Execution

of this Act.

Regulating Of-

trates when and

where he will be

ready to receive

Men.

Clerks of the

Peace to give

Notice thereof

to the Ministers

when Volun-

teers are to be

produced, or

251. paid for

each Man defi-

cient :

Chief Ma.gif-

County or Stewartry, and Chief Reftding Magistrate of each Burgh or Town situated within his Dirtf i&,

that he will be ready to receive such Men as they may have procured, at such particular Place of Rendez-

vous, and on such several successive Days as he may find absolutely necessary, to enable him to travel

without Loss of Time, and with all suitable Dispatch, from one Place of Rendezvous to another, in the

several Counties, Burghs, Towns, 3nd other Places, within his District; and the Clerk of the Peace shall

forthwith give Notice to the Minister of each Parish within the County, or, in his Absence, to the Pre-

centor or Session Clerk of the fame, of the Place of Rendezvous, and the particular Day on which the

Heritors of such Parish are respectively to produce and deliver over such Volunteer or Volunteers as afore-

said, or in default thereof to be liable in the Penalty of twenty-five Pounds Sterling above mentioned for

each Man of their (^uota deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed; and the Chief

resident Magistrate of each Burgh or Town is in like Manner to produce and deliver over at such Place of

Rendezvous, on such Day as the Regulating Officer shall notify, such Volunteer or Volunteers apportioned

on each, or in default thereof to be liable as aforesaid in the Penalty of twenty five Pounds for each Man

deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed. nates 40 teliabicin 251. for each M.m rot then produced.

. XXXII. 4 And whereas, by an A& passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Mirtakc in

Afl for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartricsy Royal Burghs, and Towns in that

Part ofG reat Britain called Scotland, for the Service of his Mayfly's AWy, forty-nine Men were appointed

4 to be levied for the County of IVigtoun, and eighteen Men for the 1'own of Kilmarnock, both of which

Numbers were by Mistake apportioned on the said County and Town;’ be it therefore enacted, I hat on

the said County fumilhing, or proving itself to have fumished, twenty-three Men, and the said 1 own of

Kilmarnock furnishing, or proving itself to have furnished, fix Men, for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy,

as directed by the aforesaid A&, they shall be discharged of all further Claim upon them for any further

Number of Men, or of any Demand for Penalties incurred for deficient Men, beyond the said Number of

twenty-three Men and fix Men respeilively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons

for any Thing done in pursuance of this A^t, such Adiioti or Suit shall be commenced within six Months

next after the Fa& committed, and not afterwards.

mW I ,\ 3P2 XXXIV. Pro-

35

Gc-o. 3. c. 29.

fied.

Limitation of

Action?.

