468

This Act may

be altered or re-

pealed this Scf-

fion. (Steffi,

Cap. 39.)

One Horseman

and Mare or

Gelding to be

enrolled for

every un Horses

kept for ri ;ing

or drawing a

Carriage, charg-

to the Duties

on Horses grant-

by certain

Acts.

Every Person

shall provide a

Mare, &c» and

Horseman for

every fuel) ten

Horses.

Person s keeping,

less than ten

Horses to be

cbfted together,

and to provide

a Mart,' Arc. and

Horseman for

every ten.

County Lieu-

tenants, ft*:, to

carry this Act

into Execution

at their Meet-

ings.

The first Gene-

ra) Meeting of

Lieutenancy

shall be holden

within 14 Days

after the patting

of this Act.

Subdivision

Meetings to be

appointed by

the General

Meetings.

G. 5,6. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

XXXIV. Provided always, ami be it further enacted, That this A£fc may be altered, varied, or repealed,

by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied,

in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.—f i ith November 1796.]

4 \ T WHEREAS it is expedient, in the present Conjuncture, that a Body of Cavalry should be en-

4 VV rolled, and kept in Readiness to be called out to actual Service, whenever it shall be necessary, in

* order to prevent or repel any Invasion that may be attempted by the Enemies of the Country:* May

it therefote please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excel'ent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That througnout that Part of Great Britain

called England, there shall be enrolled, for his Majesty’s Service, one Horieman clothed, and furnished as

herein-after prescribed, and equipped, with one able and sufficient Marc or Gelding, fit for Military Duty,

for and in respect of every ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of riding, or for drawing

any Carriage, mentioned and described in several Acts of Parliament of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth,

and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and charged to the Duties on Horles, granted

by the said Acts, by any Assessment made, or to be made, after the fifth Day of rfpril one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, during the Continuance of this Act; the Execution ot which Enrolment shall be in

the Manner directed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be charged to the said Duties, in Manner

aforesaid, for ten Horses, Ivlares, or Geldings, shall provide for his Majesty’s Service in Manner herein

directed, one Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, for or in respect of such ten Horses, Mares, or Geld-

ings, by him or her kept and charged as aforesaid ; and in like Manner one other such Mare or Gelding for

or in respect of every ten Horses, Mares, or Geldings, by him or her kept in Addition to those before

enumerated and charged as aforesaid; and shall also provide one able and sufficient Horseman, eloathed in

the Manner directed by this Act, in respect of every such Mare or Gelding by him or her to be provided

for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted. That the several Persons herein-before described, who are or shall be

charged to the said Duties in Manner aforesaid, for any greater Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

than shall have been comprized in any Enumeration made in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act before-

mentioned, (such greater Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not amounting to ten additional Horses,

Mares, or Geldings,) and also all other Persons in that Part of Great Britain, as aforesaid, who are or shall

be respectively charged to the said Duties in Manner aforesaid, for any Number less than ten Horses, Mares,

or Geldings in the Whole, shall be clafied together in Manner herein-after directed, and shall provide one

Mare or Gelding fit for Military Duty, for and in respect of every Clals consisting of ten Horses, Marcs,

or Geldings, by them respectively kept and charged as aforesaid ; and shall also provide one able and suffi-

cient Horseman, eloathed as aforesaid, in respect of every Mare or Gelding by them respectively to be

provided for the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted. That his Majesty’s Lieutenants and’Deputy Lieutenants, conflicted

and appointed in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, and

the Jimices of the Peace of the fame Counties, Ridings, and Places, and such other Persons as are authoriz-

to carry into Execution the Militia Laws within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, at their respective

General and Subdivision Meetings, carry this Act into Execution, in all Matters herein directed to be

done; which General and Subdivision Meetings shall be holden for the Purposes of this Act, by the like

Persons, and in like Manner, as such Meetings are directed to be holden by the Laws relating to the Militia:

And the Jurisdiction of such Meetings assembled for the Purposes of executing this Act, shall extend to all

Places within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Subdivisions, in the Manner directed and established

by the said Militia Laws, and also to all Extra-parochial Places whatever, within the Limits of their

respective Counties, Ridings, or Places.

V. And be it further enacted, That the first General Meeting of Lieutenancy, in every County*

Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, to be holden for the Purposes of this Act,

shall be holden on a Day not later than fourteen Days after the passing of this Act; and may be held in

pursuance of previous Adjournment, or by Summons, in the Manner directed by any Law now in Force

relating to the Militia Forces; and shall be held from Time to Time, by Adjournment,' within seven Days

from the preceding Meeting, until the full Complement of Men shall be enrolled by virtue of this Act,

and afterwards as Occasion shall require. JMHj

VI. And be it further enacted. That the Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy shall be appointed by the

first General Meeting to be holden for the Purposes of this Act; and shall be holden on a Day not later than

seven Days after the first General Meeting aforesaid; which Meetings may be adjourned from Time to

Time, in the Manner directed by the Laws relating to the said Militia Forces; and shall be holden from

Time to l ime, as often as the General Meetings of Lieutenancy shall direct, or oftener if Occasion

shall require. -

VII. And

