638

Nor to certain

Indenture* of

Appicnticiship,

etc ci tain Lc ill *.

Hmy to be un-

dvrthe Manage-

ment of the

Cornniissioner*

o# Stands.

rcrfor.s for^inj,

*Vc. Stamps, to

If guilty of Fe-

lony v.’ithout

Benefit of

(Jknjy.

Pewers of form-

er Acts relating

to Stamps (ex-

cept as herein-

after mention-

) to extend

to this Act.

No Deed good,

unless properly

- Humped.

On Payment of

Duty within a

limited Time,

Deeds may he

stampt with the

additional

Stamp, &c.

Deeds not sub-

jcfbto be rtampt

on more than

one Skin with

the additional

Stamp, &c.

Sec Cap. 90.

Vellum, teC.

may be brought

to the Head Of-

fice to be flanipt

with the addi-

tional Duty be-

fore engrolTtd,

Itc- and Deeds

cn t he former

Stamps may be

C. nii Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

or any one or more of the Parties thereto, and bearing Date before the first Day of dugujl one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-seven. ' *

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothin? in this Act contained shall be construed to ex-

tend to any Indenture of Apprenticed! ip, where a Sum or value not exceeding ten Pounds shall be given or

contra£ed with or in relation to the Apprentice; nor,to any Lease of Lands or Tenements, for a Term

not exceeding twenty-one Years, the full improved annual Value whereof, and Relit reserved thereby, shall

not be more than ten Pounds; nor to any Lease for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, where the

Fine or Consideration shall not exceed tweqjy Pounds, and the Relit reserved shall not exceed forty Shillings;

any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying,

the said Duty hereinbefore granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the

Commissioners for the l ime being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parch-

ment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the

rieceflary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall

be necessary; and whenever they fee Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been provided to denote any

former Duties'on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause such new Marks or Stamps to be

provided to denote the said Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter, the

lame from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, and do all other Things necessary to be done for

putting this Act in Execution with relation to the Duty hereinbefore granted, in the like, and in as full ami

ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law

concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. I

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause and procure to

be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose

of denoting the Duty by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, with

an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or

Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person (Hall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark diredlet} or allowed to

be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty; every

Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fuller Death as in

Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and

Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (except such Acts as are hereinafter mentioned,) shall be in full Force and

Effect with relation to the Duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the raising,

levying, collecting, and securing, the said new Duty hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame (except as hereinafter mentioned)

had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said Duty hereby imposed.

VJX. And be it further enacted, That no Deed shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, or be good, useful,

or available, in any Manner whatever, unless the fame shall be stamped as required by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment within the Time and in the Manner hereinafter

mentioned of the Duty hereby imposed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officers

appointed for such Purpose, to stamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or any Skin, Sheet, or Piece

thereof, on which any such Deed or any Part thereof shall have been engrossed, printed, or written, with

the additional Stamp provided or directed to be used by virtue of this Act; and also, on Payment of the like

Duty* to (lamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which any Deed, or any Part thereof, shall be

intended to be engrossed, printed, or written, with the said additional Stamp; and no Person shall, from

and alter the passing of this Act, be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for (lamping or causing to be (lamp-

wiih such additional Stamp as aforesaid, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which any such Deed

hath been eogrofled, printed, or written, or for engrossing, printing, or writing, any Deed upon Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, before the fame shall be stamped w'ith the additional Stamp to be provided accord-

ing to the Directions of this Act; nor shall any Deed be subject or liable, by virtue of this Act, to the Pay-

ment of any greater Duty than the Sum before mentioned, or to be stamped on more than one Skin, Sheet,

or Piece thereof, with the said additional Stamp, or to be stamped with more than one such Stamp as afore-

said; nor (lull the Duty by this Act imposed be liable to the Regulations of any Act or Acts of the present

Sessionof Parliament*, respecting the (lamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, according to the Number

of common Law Sheets engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawlul for any Person or Persons to bring or fend any Vel-

lum, Parchment, or Paper, on which any Deed or any Part thereof is intended to be engrossed, printed, or

written, to the Head Office of Stamps, or Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to be stamped

with the additional Stamp as aforesaid, before the fame shall be so engrossed, printed, or written; or to bring

or fend as aforesaid any Deed which shall have been engrossed, printed, or written, on Vellum, Parchment,

or Paper, stamped according to the Laws in Force for (lamping Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be

stamped on any Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, with the said additional Stamp, within the Space of sixty

Dajs after the Date thereof; and tire said Commissioners, or their Officers, are hereby respectively required,

on

