V W • Vf I W ’

72

C. 29

ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georg 11 III. A.D. 1795.

the Command-

ing Officer of

the Ship, who

shall make out

a Ticket for the

Bounty due,

&c.

Disqualified

Persons not to'

be inrolled.

such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from the Time of such Person being muflered and rated

on board such Ship, or before such Ship of Vessel shall proceed to Sea, make out a Ticket or Tickets for the

Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person, and then remaining due, in such Manner

as if such Money had become due to such Person on Account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board

such Ship or Vessel, and such Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to his Family, in the

Manner directed by the Acts regulating the Payment of the Wages of Seamen employed in the Royal

Navy, the Money being paid by the Collector of the Cess for the particular Shire, Stewartry, or Burgh

or Town. * ‘ ,

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be received or inrolled in his Majesty’s

Service by virtue of this A cl, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an

able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Diitcmper or

Infirmity which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Navy ; or who, in the Opinion of such

Officer or Officers, {hall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of Forty-five

Years; nor any Person being an articled Clerk or Apprentice (unless with the Conlent of the Mailer of

such Clerk or Apprentice); nor any Person inlisted in any of his Majesty’s Forces, or already entered in

his Majesty’s Navy; nor any Deserter: Provided, that no Person inrolled by virtue of this Act shall by

reason of any such Disqualificntion, as being a Clerk, or Apprentice, or entitled, or entered, or being a

Deserter, be liable to be discharged from his Majesty’s Service, or taken out of the fame, unless Notice in

Writing of such Disqualification shall be given to the Officer or Officers under whole Command such

Person shall be, before the Time of his entering on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War as a Sailor,

and before the Bounty hereby authorized to be paid, or any Part thereof, shall have been paid or satisfied

to him. -

But no such

Person if in-

rolled shall be

discharged as

being an ar-

ticled Clerk,

See. unless

Notice of his

Disqualification

be given before his entering on board, or receiving his Bounty.

Laws *gai»fl

Deserters, See•

to extend to

Persons inrolled.

Men inrolled

miy be billetted

as the Marines.

Expences of

executing this

Act to be de-

frayed by the

respective

Counties, See.

Collectors of

the Land Tax

may advance

Bounties.

Persons receiv-

ing Money

under this ACt

to be liable as

Public Ac-

countants.

Surplus to be

at the Disposal

of the Tuafury,

Sec.

Regulating Of-

ficer may inti-

mate to Clerks

of the Peace,

and Chief Ma-

gi ft rates, when

and where he

v/iil be ready to

receive Men.

-Clerks of the

Peace to give

Notice of the

fame to the

Minister, when

the Volunteer*

+ *

XXIII. And be it enacted, That.all the Laws and Regulations established against Deserters from his

Majesty’s Naval Service, and against Persons harbouring or concealing Deserters, ihail attach upon and be

construed to comprehend the Cafes of Persons inrolled by virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the Men inrolled in his

Majesty’s Service, by virtue of this Act, while on Shore, in such Manner, and at such Times and Places

respectively, and under such and the like Towers, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as his

Majesty’s Marine Forces may be quartered and billetted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Atl for the Regulation of his Majesty s Marine Forces zvhile on Shore, or by any other Act in

force for the Regulation of his Majesty’s said Marine Forces.

XXV. And be it further enacted. That all the Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act,

(including such Gratifications for the Trouble of the Clerks of the Peace, and other Officers, who are

respectively required to execute this Act, as shall be deemed adequate for their Trouble by the Justices of

the Peace or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or resident Chief Magistrate as aforesaid,) shall be defrayed by

the several Counties, Stewartries, Burghs, and Towns, severally ; and the Collectors of the Land Tax in

the several Counties, Stewartries, and Burghs, are hereby empowered to assess and levy the said Expence

along with the Land 'Fax, according to the Rules and Proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the Money to be raised by virtue of

this Act shall be actually recovered and paid in to the several Collectors, that the respective Collectors of

the Land Tax, out of the public Money in their Hands, shall, and are hereby authorized and required to

advance and pay such Sums as may be necessary for Payment of Bounties to such Persons as shall be

approved of by the Regulating Officers.

XXVII. And be it further enKIed, That the Collectors of the Cess in the several Counties, Stewartries,

Burghs, and Towns, herein-before mentioned, and all other Persons into whose Hands Money raised or

contributed under or in pursuance of this Act shall be paid, shall be liable for the fame as Public

Accountants; and all Surplus Money remaining, after satisfying the Purposes of this Act, shall be at the

Disposal of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, to be applied in providing Men for the Aug-

mentation of his Majesty*s Navy, in such Manner as in their Discretion shall seem expedient; and the said

Collectors and Receivers shall transmit an Account of such Surplus Money to his Majesty’s Treasury

accordingly, within thirty Days after such Surplus shall arise, and the usual Process shall and may ifiiie for

compelling an Account and Payment thereof.

XXVIIL And whereas the Regulating Officer appointed to receive and pass the Men as above-men-

ticned may not be able to go through the Examination of such Men at the different Places of Rendezvous

within his DistridI, in the Space of ten Days after the Meeting of the Heritors for the Purposes above-

mentioned ; be it enacted, That such Regulating Officer may intimate to the Clerks of the Peace of each

County or Stewartry, and Chief Rdiding Magistrateof each Burgh or Town fituateJ with his DistridI, that

he will be ready to receive such Men as they may have procured, at such particular Place of Rendezvous,

and on such several successive Days, as he may find absolutely necessary, to enable him to travel without

Lois of %‘ime, and with all suitable Dispatch, from one Place of Rendezvous to another, in the several

Counties, Burghs, and 'Towns, within his DistridI; and the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith give Notice

to the Minister of each Parish within the County, or, in his Absence, to the Precentor or Session Clerk of

the fame, of the Place of Rendezvous, and the particular Day on which the Heritors of such Parish are

respectively to produce and deliver over such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, or in Default thereof to

be liable in the Penalty of twenty-five Pounds Sterling above-mentioned for each Man of their Quota

7 , deficient*

