Persons forging

or ottering

forged Transfers

•to he guilty of

Felony without

Bcntfit of

Ciergy.

Persons making

false Entry in

the Books of

the Bank, to

be guilty of

Felony without

Benefit of

Clergy,

Officers of the

Fank making

out fa fi Divi-

dend Warrants

to he transpoit-

. forfsven

Years.

^ I

’

C.46,47,48. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Geor^iiIII. A.D. 1797.

Transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without

Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the patting of this Act,

if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall faliely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be fallely

made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or assist in the falsely making, -forging, or counterfeiting

of any Transfer of any Interest, Part, or Share of or in any Principal Sum or Stock, or Annuity or Annui-

ties, by this Act made or declared transferrable at the Bank of England, or shall utter or publish as true any

such false, forged, or counterfeited Transfer as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false, forged, or counter-

feited, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other

Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every Person or Persons whatso-

ever so offending, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Be-

nefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the patting of this Act,

if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully make or allift in making, any false Entry, or shall wilfully

alter, or attift in altering, any Word or Figure in any Entry in the Books of Account kept, or in pursuance

of this Act to be kept, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, wherein the several

Accounts of the Owners or Proprietors of Principal Sums or Stock or Annuities by this Act made or

declared transferable at the Bank of England are, or in pursuance of this Act shall be, entered and kept,

or shall in any Manner wilfully falsify-the Account or Accounts of any such Owner or Proprietor in

the Books of the said Governor and Company, wherein such Accounts are, or in pursuance of this Act

shall be, entered and kept, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

or any other Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons

so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon or Felons without Be-

nefit of Clergy. 1 • r ' f ,

X. 4 And whereas, in order to cover and conceal Forgeries and Frauds in Transfers, Dividend Warrants

4 have been sometimes made out for different Sums than the Sums really due be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk, Officer,x)r Servant of, or other Person or Persons employed or cn-

trusted by, the said Governor and Company, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, knowingly or

wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be made out or delivered, or wilfully act or attift in the

making out or delivering of any Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for Payment of any Annuity, or

Interest, or Money payable in pursuance of this Act at the Bank of England, for a greater or less Amount

than the Person or Persons on whose Behalf, or pretended Behalf, such Dividend Warrant, or Warrant for

Payment of any Annuity, or Interest, or Money payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled

to, with intent to defraud the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other Body

Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every such Person or Persons so offend-

ing, being in due Form of Law convidlcd of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall be transported

!far (even Years. ™ * V ' I I

• m

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for discharging the Effates of John Yeldham Esquire, from certain Demands of the Crown, upon the

Conditions therein mentioned.—[3d May 1797.]

44 The Preamble recites Indentures between Mr. Yeldham and others, conveying to them certain Estates

44 upon Trust to sell the same for Payment of his Debts. Mr. Yelaham, being a Receiver General of

44 the Land Fax, £s?c. his Estates are liable, by 13 Eliz. Cap. 4. and 25 Geo. ill. Cap. 35. to be put in

44 Execution till Arrears are paid. His Debts are more than the Produce of his Estates will answer.

44 Securities approved for the due Execution of the Office of Receiver. On Payment into the Ex-

44 chequer of the Balance of 8422/. 6 s. 5 d. due by Mr. Yeldham on rfpril 5, 1795, the Estates com-

44 prized in the recited Indentures shall not be liable to any subsequent Arrears, by realon of his said

44 Office of Receiver.” U€

* CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual Two Act.% made in the

Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Regulation

and Improvement of the Fisheries in the R ver Yweedy and the Rivers and Streams run-

ning into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

' • ' f [3d May 1797.]

4 \\ /HEREAS an Act was passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled)

11 Geo. 3. e. 17. 4 VV An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River I weed, and the Rivers and

and Streams running into the fames and also within the Mouth or Entramce of the said River : And whereas

4 also an Act was passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present .Majesty, for amending and ren-

* dering more effectual the said Act: And whereas, notwithstanding the Provdions of the said Acts, idle and

\

