465

A.D. 1796.'

tricesimo sept

C. 5.

Appeal may be

made to a Gene*

ral Meeting of

Justices.

Their Decree to

be final.

fame, in such Manner and by such Rule as to them shall seem moil expedient, and as may render the Opera-

tien of this A&, in such Cafes, as equal and impartial as possible: Provided always, that it shall be in the

Power of any Inhabitant of such Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, conceiving himself aggrieved by the

Assess'ment imposed by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace above mentioned, to appeal from the same to

a General Meeting of the Justices of the Peace, of the County or Stewartry within which such Burgh,

Town, Village, or Place, is respectively situated; provided the said Appeal be entered within ten Days

after written Notice has been given by the said Magistrates or Justices, or Person authorized by them, of the

Rate or Assessment proposed to be put upon fuel? Inhabitant; and the Order or Decree of the said General

Meeting of Justices shall be final and conclusive as to all Parties, and shall not be removeable by Bill of Sufpen-

fion. Advocation, or any other Form or Process cf Law, into any superior or other Court whatsoever.

XVII. And be it enacted, That where Parishes are partly Landward and partly within Burgh, the

Landward Part of the Parfth, whether holden of the Burgh or not, or whether paying Cess to or with the Burgh

or not, shall be considered as Part of the Shire or Stewartry liable for its Proportion of the Men allotted by

this Act to be raised in or for the fame, and the Part within Burgh shall be included in the Allotment for the

Burgh. the Part within the Burgh, Part of the Burgb.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Doubt shall arise what Part of any Parish General Mcit-

ought to contribute and be afleiled within the County or Stewartry of which it is a Part, and what Part of it

is included and ought to contribute and be assessed as Part of the City, Royal Burgh, Town, Village, or

Place, particularly and respectively above specified, it shall be in the Power of a General Meeting of the

Justices of the Peace of the County or Stewartry within which such City, Royal Burgh, Town, Village, or

Place, is situated, duly assembled at a General Meeting, and of which due Notice shall be given by Adver-

tisement or otherwise, in order that all concerned may attend, to fix, ascertain, and determine, from the Lift

of inhabited and aflelfed Houses, or fiom such other Evidence as the Nature of each Cafe respectively admits,

what Part of such Parish falls to contribute and be afleiled with the County or Stewartry, and what Part and

Right in pursuance of this Act to contribute and be assessed, as Part of the City, Royal Burgh, Town,

Village, or Place, respectively; and such Order or Judgment may, at the Suit of any Party conceiving

himself aggrieved, be removed by Bill of Advocation, Sulpension, or other usual Process of Law, into the

Court of Session; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Landward

Part of the

Parishei to be

deemed Part of

the Shire, and

ing of Justices

may determine

what Part of any

Pahih ought to

be aftl-fled with-

in the County,

and what Part

within the City,

&c.

Their Order

may be removed

into the Court of Session.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or any Sheriff or Stewart Justices, 8cc.

Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate, resident in any City, Burgh, or Town, in this Act men- direct a

tioned, before whom any Person shall be brought to be examined touching his Consent to enter into his

Majesty’s Service, t6 direct that any Sum, not exceeding one third Part of the Bounty agreed to be paid to to Volunteer

him on his engaging to serve, shall be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and ia such Pro- on their Exami-

portions, as he shall request at the Time of his Enrolment herein-after mentioned; and that the Residue of nation, and the

such Bounty shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry, Burgh, or Residue to be

Town, to which the said Person belongs, or for which he is inlisted, there to remain until the fame shall {^d0[hthc CcTsT

become payable to such Person, on his being enrolled in some Regiment, or mustered on board any of his

Majesty’s Ships of War.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall agree to enter himself as a Volunteer in either of Volunteers to be

such Services as aforesaid, shall be produced before the Officer or Officers appointed to regulate the fame brought before

Service, at the nearest Place of Rendezvous to any Parish or Place for which such Volunteer shall agree to !u<rin7officer>

serve; and in case such Officer or Officers shall, on Examination, approve of such Volunteer to serve his & approved

Majesty, then such Volunteer or Volunteers may forthwith be brought before any such Justice, Sheriff Dc- by him, uken

pute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate, reiidentas aforesaid, acting in and for the Panlh or Place; and in before a Justice,

case it shall appear to such Justice, Sheriff' Depute, or Substitute, or Magistrate, that such Person or Persons - ^ho shall

hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty as aforesaid, then they Bering and^ftaie

are hereby required forthwith to certify, under their Hands, that such Person or Persons hath or have volun- tbc Amount 01

tarily entered himself or themselves in the Service of his Majesty’s Army or Navy, as the Cafe may be, and the Bounties

at the Foot of such Certificate enter the Amount of the Sums to be paid as Bounty or Bounties to such paid, &c.

Volunteer or Volunteers, on his or their entering into such Service, and the Sums (if any) which have Certificates t«

been directed to be advanced to him or them at the Time of his or their Enrolment; and which Certificates bc delivered to

shall bc delivered to such Regulating Officer, and he shall thereupon cause such Person or Persons to be the officer, who

enrolled in his Majesty’s Military or Naval Service, as the Cafe may require. shall cause the Men to be enrolled.

XXL And be it enacted, That in case the Regulating Officer at the nearest Place of Rendezvous afore-

(aici, shall reject any Person or Persons produced before him as such Volunteer or Volunteers, as unfit to

serve lus Majesty in either of the said Services, and the Heritors of any Parish, or Magistrates of any Burgh

or Town, for which such Person or Persons shall hpve been tendered to serve, shall think, themselves aggrieved

by the Rejedlion, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such Heritors or Magistrates to apply, by iummary

Uomplaint, to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, of the Shire or Stewartry, who shall cause the

said Complaint to bc served on the said Regulating Officer or Officers, diredling him to answer the fame

Within a Time to be limited, not exceeding fix Days, and he or they, on receiving such Notice, shall, and

they are hereby required, before the Time of hearing the Matter of the said Complaint, to set down his

Tleafons in Writing for such Rejedlipn* and such Writing being exhibited to the Sheriff or Stewart De-

37 Geo. ill. 3 P putes,

If Regulating

Officer reji£t a

Volunteer, the

Heritors or Ma-

giftr.ucs nr.ay

apptal to the

Sheriff, See.

Rtgubting of-

ficerto write his

Reasons for Re-

jection.

