356

• C. 82.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Mchflcs may

be imported

from any Coun-

try in British

Vessels, or Vef-

fels belonging to

any State in

Amity with his

Maj-rty, on

Payment of cer-

tain Duries, and

to be allowed

Drawbacks on

Exportation.

Duties and

Drawbacks to

be levied and al-

lowed, agree-

able to 27 Geo.

111. Cap. 13.

4 respe<51ively : And whereas, for the Benefit of the Distilleries of this Kingdom, it is expedient to permit,

4 for a lmnitted Time, the Importation of MelafTes from any Country in Europe, not in the Polleflion of his

4 Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or belonging to any Kingdom or State in

4 Amit y with his Majesty, l'ubje£t to the Duty on Foreign MelafTes, not of and from the British Plantations

4 in America, and to permit, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, the Importation of Mdafles

4 from any Country out of Europe, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any British Ship or Vefici owned

4 and navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity

4 with his Majesty, subje£t to the Duty on Melasses of and from the British Plantations in America Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom, Melasses from any Country in Eu-

rope, not in the Possession of his Majesty, and in any Ship or Veliel belonging to Great Britain, or to any

Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, on Payment of a Duty of eleven Shillings and nine Pence the

Hundred Weight; and during the Continuance of the before-recited A<5ls, it shall and may be lawful for

any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom, MclalTes from any Country out of Europe, not in the

Possession of his Majesty, in any British Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, on Payment

of a Duty of three Shillings the Hundred Weight; and also to impoitany MelafTes from any Country out of

Europe, not in the Poflefl&on of his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity

with his Majesty, on Payment of a Duty of six Shillings the hundred Weight; and on the Exportation according

to Law of such Melasses imported from any Country in Europe, not in the Polleflion of his Majesty, there shall

be allowed a Drawback of eleven Shillings and five Pence the Hundred Weight; and on the Exportation ac-

cording to Law offueh MelafTes imported in British-built Ships, from any Country out of Europe, not in the

Possession of his Majesty, theie shall be allowed a Drawback of two Shillings and eight Pence the Hundred

Weight; and on the Exportation according to Law of any MelafTes imported from any Country out of Eu-

rope, not in the Possession of his Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity

with his Majesty, there shall be allowed a Drawback of five Shillings and eight Pence the Hundred Weight.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be

raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, applied, and appropriated, in like Manner, and under

such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Im-

portation, and the Drawback on the Exportation of Melasses, are respectively now raised, levied, collected,

paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the twenty seventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the everal Duties cf Customs and Excise, and granting other

Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the J'aid Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Re-

venue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, IVarcs, and Merchandize, the Produce and Xlanu-

faclure of the European Dominions of /fo French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain un-

claimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment f Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the

National Debt.

CAP. LXXXII.

»7 Geo- HI.

Cap. 13.

An Act more effectually to prevent the Landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

without the Presence of the proper Officer •, to authorize Officers of the Customs to

convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty’s Warehouse within a certain

Time after the Landing thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and

Boats, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-deliver their Licenses, in case

any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall be loft, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

[14th May 1796.]

4 WHEREAS by an Act,'passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 VV tituled, An Act for repealing the everal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in

4 lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together ivtth the other Duties composing the Public Revenue-,

4 for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, IVares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of

4 the European Dominions of /£<? French King into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Alonies,

4 remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt-,

4 it is among other Things enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought into

4 Great Britain, with an Intent to be landed, except Diamonds, Jewels. Pearls, Precious Stones, and Bul-

4 lien, and fresh Fish, British taken, and imported in British-bu\h Ships or Vessels, owned, navigaied, and

4 registered according to Law ; and also except Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported; whe-

4 ther such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to Duty or not, shall be regularly entered

4 at the Custom-house, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers, who (Hall examine the

4 fame, and shall not deliver them out of his or their Custody and Possession, until he or they shall have taken

4 a particular Account of the Quantity and Species of such Goods : And whereas the good Purposes in-

4 tended by the said Act have been in many Instances defeated, and the Revenue exposed to Frauds, by the

4 Landing of Goods without the Presence of the proper Officer; and it is therefore expedient that the said

4 Act should be amended, and that Goods so landed, either on Sundays, Holidays, or any other Days,

13 . “‘■

