6i8

W pa. » » —

C. 105. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. *797-

For 90, and not

more than 94,

—4I. 5s.

For 95, and not

more than 99,

—4I. ios.

For 100, and

net more than

109,-51.

For 110, and not

more than 119,

—5I. JOS.

For i2o, and not

more than 129,

—61.

For 130, and not

more than 139,

►—61. ios.

For 140, and not

more than 149,

—71*

For 150, and not

more than 159,

—7I. ios.

For 160, and not

more than 169,

r—SI* 5s.

For 170, and not

more than 179,

For 180, and

upwards,—1 oL

Duties tobepaid

in Addition to

those now pay-

able on Honfes.

Duties to be lia-

ble to Addition

ofaoL per Cent,

on the Amount.

Commissioners

for the Affairs

of Taxes to put

this Act in Exe-

cution.

Mode of making

the Assessincnts

of 2d per Cent.

ery LJwemng House inhabited, or which nerearter man De innamtea, wunm me ivmguum yi yyreai

having ninety Windows or Lights and not more than ninety-four Windows or Lights, which is or

he rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Pounds and five Shillings :

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

P • * • • • tit* 1 ¥ • 1 . ___ _1_____ aL___ _!_a.. C__\ X7J .*• T

hr it ain>

ought to__________ . , < . ,

r or every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having ninety-five Windows or Lights and not more than ninety-nine W indows or Lights, which,

is or ought to be rated under the last- mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of four Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred Windows or Lights and not more than orre hundred and nine VY indows or

Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of five Pounds:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and ten Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred ahd nineteen

Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of five

Pounds and ten Shillings: * . . . ,

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and twenty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and twenty-

nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of

six Pounds: ## .

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and thirty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine

Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of fix

Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and forty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and forty-nine

Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of seven

Pounds: ..

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdpm of Great

Britain, having one hundred and fifty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine

Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of seven

Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and sixty Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and sixty-nine

Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of eight

Pounds and five Shillings: 4 # # ,J

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and seventy Windows or Lights and not more than one hundred and seventy-

nine Windows or Lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of

nine Pounds? # \

For every Dwelling House inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain, having one hundred and eighty Windows or Lights and upwards, which is or ought to be rated

under the last-mentioned Act, the yearly Sum of ten Pounds.

If. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall be paid over

and above, and in Addition to, the respective Rates and Duties on Houses, granted by the Acts of the sixth,

the nineteenth, and the twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts now in Force.

[By Srats. 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. 19 Geo. 3. c. 59. 24 Geo. 3. ft. %. c. 38.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, shall be

subject and liable to an additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the

Produce and Amount contained in any Assessment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted. That, for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying the before-

mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be

authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses and'

Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, with rela-

tien to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers herein contained, in all and singular the Counties, Shires,

Stewartries, Ridings, Diviftons, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within

the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the said several Surveyors, inspeftors, Assessors, and Collectors

respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall be Surveyors, inspeftors, Af-

feliors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act according to the respective Powers and Au-

thorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other the

Persons aforesaid being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts as before-mentioned,

shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this

Act in Execution with relation to the aforesaid Rates or Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full

and ample a Manner as they, or aViy of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the several Acts

relative to the Rates and Duties on Windows or Lights, and Houses, or any Matter or Thing therein

respectively contained.

V. And be if further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making

the Assessment under this present Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds ter Centum,

to assess the Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the former Rates and Duties con-

4 taiued

