A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 49

53

543

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Eyemouth in the County of Berwick.

[3d May 1797.]

IKR CAP. L.

An Act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Barmouth, in the County of

Merioneth.—[3d May 1797.]

9

Bill ~ CAP. LI.

An A & for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to finish and complete their

several Works, and to discharge the Debts contracted in the making thereof; and for amending an ACt

pafffed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for making the Lid Navigation, and

several other Works in such ACt mentioned.—[3d May 1797.]

CAP. LIL '

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife; and for more effectually

making and repairing, the Highways within the said County.—[3d May 1797.]

CAP. LIU.

M * . ' A

An Act for carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Order in Council of the third Day of

May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-leven, for an Increase of Pay and Provi-

fions to the Seamen and Marines serving in His Majesty’s Navy ;. and to amend so

much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

enables Petty Officers and Seamen,. Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and

Marines, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives, Children, or

Mothers.—[9th May 1797] ;

c Most Gracious Sovereign*

* IT 7 HERE AS an Order was made by your Majesty in Council, on the third Day of May one thousand

4 W seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an Increase to the present Allowance of Wages and Provisions

4 for the Petty Officers, Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, serving in your Majesty’s Fleet ; and for a Con-

4 tinuation of the Pay of all Petty Officers, Seamen, Landmen, and Marines, who may hereafter be wounded

4 in Action with the Enemy, until their Wounds shall be healed, or some other Provision shall be made

* for them : We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Par-

4 liament assembled, being delirous of enabling your Majesty to carry the fame into full and immediate

4 Execution, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaCted;* and be it enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 'That a Sum not

exceeding three hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty on account, towards

enabling his Majesty to make an Addition of five Shillings and Sixpence per Month to the present Wages

of the Petty Officers and Able Seamen belonging to his Majesty’s Fleet; an Addition of four Shillings and

Sixpence per Month to the Wages of Ordinary Seamen ; an Addition of three Shillings and Sixpence per

Month to the Wages of Landmen; and for continuing to the Marines, when embaiked and serving on

board his Majesty’s Ships, the Allowances usually called Consolidated Allowances made to Marines when

serving on Shore, videlicet, to Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, at the Rate of Two-pence, and

to Privates, at the Rate of Two-pence Farthing, per Diem\ and also to enable his Majesty to defray

the Expence of providing for the full Allowance of Provisions being ifl'ued to the Crews of his Ma-

jesty’s Ships, without any Deduction whatsoever on account of Leakage or Waste, and for paying

Short Allowance Money to the Crews of any of the said Ships, in lieu thereof, until the fame can be carried

into full Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Petty Officers, Able Seamen, Ordinary Seamen, Landmen,

and Marines, who may hereafter be wounded in Action with the Enemy, shall receive the full

Amount of their Wages and Allowances until their Wounds shall be healed, or until, being declared

incurable, they shall receive a Pension from the Chest at Chatham, or be admitted into the Royal Hospital

, OL ® W ^ _ a m am a m a — — a

• Cap. 65.

[By this Act, the

Srat. 14 Geo. 3.

f. 3i.il repealed. J

£ 372,000

granted to his

Majesty, on Ac-

count, lor In-

crease of Fay

and Allowance

to Petty Officers

and S' amtn,

and Marines,

ice.

at Greenwich.

Petty Officers*

Seamen, and

Marines, &c.

wounded, to

receive their

Wages and Allowances till theirWounds are healed, or they are otherwise provided for.

III. 4 And whereas, by an A& pasted in the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to

enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non- commijponed Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in

his Majesty’s Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their IVives and Families ; it is enacted.

That it shall be lawful for Petty Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, to allot Half their

Pay, Able-bodied Seamen Five-pence per Day, Ordinary Seamen and Landfmen Four-pence per Day, and

4 Mar

*3

U1CS

