942

C. lxxii

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III

A.D. 1798

ThtJ Corpora-

tien, the Truf-

tecs for the

Docks, the Ship

Owners, and

the Church-

wardens and

Overseers of the

Poor of Liver-

pool empower-

to niife

1 cool.

. Cap. lxxii. - $ jggp >

An Act for the better Security and Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool.

[29th June 1798.]

WHEREAS it is highly necessary and expedient for the Safety and Protection of the Town and Port

of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancajhr, and its Inhabitants, that Floating Batteiies and

4 Gun Boats should he provided and Rationed, and other Works of Defence should be raised and erected,

4 at the Mouth of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and on the opposite and neighbouring Goads, to

4 relict and repel any Attack which may be made by the Enemy upon die said Town and Port, its Docks

and Shipping, and to act as Necessity may require: And whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of

the said Town, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common

4 Council of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks in the fame Town, and the Ship Owners of the said

4 Town and Port of Liverpool, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Lid Parish of

4 Liverpool, with the Approbation and Concurrence of the Inhabitants thereof, are desirous to contribute

and raise a sufficient Sum of Money for promoting and defraying the Expence of so desirable an Object,

in the Proportions and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; but inasmuch as the said laudable Purposes

4 cannot be carried into Efte£t without the Aid of Parliament May it please your most excellent Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That it Hull and may be lawful for the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Hurgtlles

of the said Town for the Time being, in their General Corporate Cap2city> and out of their Corporate

Property, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required thereout to pay to the Treasurer or

Treasurers nominated by the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this A«£i, as is hereinafter men-

tioned, for the Time being, within two Months, the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and that it shall and

may be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Town for the Time

being, as Trustees of the said Docks in the said Town and Port of Liverpool, out of the Monies now in their

Hands, or which they shall afterwards receive as such Trustees, and they are hereby authorized, empowered,

and required thereout to pay to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, within two Months, the Sum of one thou-

sand Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees hereinafter appointed for and on Behalf of

the Ship Owners of the said Town and Port of Liverpool, out of the Monies which shall be as is hereinafter

mentioned by them collected and raised in respect of the Ships and Vessels belonging.to such Ship Owners as

aforesaid, and they are hereby accordingly authorized, empowered, and required thereout to pay to the said

Treasurer or Treasurers, as soon as conveniently may be, the Sum of one thousand Pounds; and that it

shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Liverpool,

out of the Monies which they shall collect and receive by Means of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor,

to be made and collected as is hereinafter mentioned, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and

required thereout to pay to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, as soon as conveniently may be, the Sum of

two thousand Pounds; which said several Sums of one thousand Pounds, one thousand Pounds, one thousand

Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, making together the Sum of five thousand Pounds, are to be laid out

and expended by the Commissioners hereinafter appointed for carrying this Act into Execution, in the

purchasing of Ground on the neighbouring or opposite Coasts, for a 'Perm of Years or otherwise, in their

Names, and erecting Batteries thereon, and in constructing, purchasing, manning, and maintaining Gun

Boats, and in purchasing and providing proper Ordnance, Ammunition, and other Military and N»val

Stores for the supporting, furnishing, equipping, maintaining, and appointing such Batteries, Floating

Batteries, and Gun Boats with all proper Means of Defence, and in procuring, purchasing, and pro-

viding all such other Stores and Things as shall appear proper and necessary to such Commissioners for the

Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool, its Docks and Shipping, against all Attacks of the Enemy,

and in defraying all other Expences attending the executing this Act, and in paying or reimbui sing to any

Person or Persons their reasonable Charges and Expences, and the Monies laid out by them in or about the

making or procuring this A&; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to lay out

and expend the fame accordingly. - [■*t^BHIhE

44 Works to be approved by the King or Board of Ordnance. § 2. Trustees for Ship Owners may raise

44 their 1000l. by a Rate on the Tonnage of Ships. § 3. Rates on Ships may be recovered by Distress,

&c. §4. Appeal against any Act of the Trustees may be made to the next General or Quarter Sessions. $5.

44 Churchwardens and Overseers may raise their 2000l. by a Rate, on Persons rateable to the Poor. § 6.

44 Limitation of Actions. Notice. Tender of Amends. Treble Costs. Churchwardens, tf>c. may advance

44 Money out of Proceeds of Poor Rate now in their Hands, and reimburse themselves by a Rate under this

44 ACt. § 7. Messuages under 5/. annual Y'alue, Docks, Dock Dues, &c. exempted. $ 8. Trustees for

44 the Ship Owners nominated; Elections to Vacancies. $ 9. Commissioners nominated. Election. § 10.

44 Commissioners to be sworn. §11. Appointment of Treasuret. § 12. Property of the Ground, £s\r.

ix vested in the Commissioners. § 13. Public ACt. § 14.”

2

INDEX

