862

C. J9<

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

if any such

Perforthalshire,

let, or be con-

cerned in hiring,

letting, &c. any

Vessel for such

Purpose,he shall

be transported

for seven Years.

‘If any such Per-

son who since

M*y.i, 1798,

shall have vo-

luetarily gone

to, or remained

in France, Sec.

f/haJl voluntarily

. remain out of

his Majesty’s

Dominions for

six Months after

passing this Act

and if any Sub-

jest shall cor-

rcspond with

any such Person

so voluntar ly

remaining there,

'hefhillhe guilty

of Felony with-

out Benefit of

Clergy.

Jf any Suhjeft

./hall corrtspond

with the Ptrfcns

rxercifing the

Powers of Go-

vernment in

France, Sec. or x

with any of their

Agents, he shall

be guilty of Fe-

lony without Clergy

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cefiors, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of the War, knowingly and wilfully hire, let, engage,

agree for, procure, or furnish, or endeavour to hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnish, or cause or

procure to be hired, let, engaged, agreedfor, procured, or furnished, or be concerned in the hiring, letting,

engaging, agreeing for, procuring, or furnishing, any Vessel, with Intent that such Person, or any other

Suhje<h of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Thould therein go, or repair, or embark therein with Intent

to go or repair, directly or indirectly, to France, or any other such Country or Place as aforesaid, every

such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported for any Time, not exceeding ieven Years,

to such Place or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, who, since the first

Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety*eight, hath voluntarily gone into or remained in

France, or any such other Country or Place as aforesaid, shall voluntarily and wilfully remain out of his

Majesty’s Dominions for six Months after the passing of this Act, not having obtained the Licence of his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for so remaining, or if any such Person who shall have so remained out

of his Majesty’s Dominions, not having such Licence, shall at any Time voluntarily and wilfully return

into Great Britain, without the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for that Purpose first had

and obtained, every such Person, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be committed to

the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be convicted of such Offence, there to remain,

without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Years.

or shall return without Licence, he shall be imprisoned; . \ ' TkJfJ*

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Subjedb cf his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, during

the Continuance of the War, within this Realm or without, knowingly hold, entertain, or keep any Cor-

respondence whatsoever, in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, with any of his Majesty’s Sub-

jedts who shall so voluntarily go, or repair to, or who having so voluntarily gone into, or remained in

France, or any other such Country or Place as aforesaid, shall so voluntarily and wilfully remain for fix

Months out of his Majesty’s Dominions as aforesaid, every such Person so offending, being thereof duly

convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit

ofClergy. ! 1! 0^1

# 1 «

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Subjedb of his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, shall, during the present War, within this Realm or without, hold, entertain, or

keep any Intelligence or Correspondence whatever, in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, with

the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, or in any other such Country or Place as

aforesaid, or with any of such Persons, or with any Person or Persons in any Manner employed by them,

or any of them, knowing such Person or Persons to be so employed, such Person so offending shall be

deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit

ofClergy.

Act not to ex-

tend to Persons

authorized by

hi* Majesty, or

to any Act done

in his Majesty’s

Set vice.

Where Offences

may be tried.

Persons tried

under this Act

not to be tried

again for the

fame Offence, as

Treason j but

Offenders not so

tried, may be

tried for High

Treason, Sec

Limitation of

Act ions.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to any Act done, or which shall be done, by any Person, or in any Place, by virtue of or in

obedience to or under the Authority of a Licence, such Licence, when granted, to be granted without

Fee, from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, either general or special, under his or their Sign Manual,

or by Order in Council, or Proclamation, or from any Person or Persons authorized by him or them under

his Sign Manual, or otherwise, to give such Licence and Authority; or to any Act done or which shall be

done in his Majesty’s Service, or relative thereto, by any Person or Persons employed, or who shall be

employed therein; or to any Act done, or which shall be done, by any Person or Persons in aiding or

ailifting, or relative to such Persons whilst so employed.

VII. Provided also, 'and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed

against this Act on the High Seas, or out of this Realm, or within that Part of Great Britain called England^

shall and may be alledged and laid, enquired of, prosecuted, tried, and determined, before any Court of

Oyer and 1 erminer or Gaol Delivery, for any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, in

such Manner and Form as if such Offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determim-d, either before the Juf-

ticiary Court of Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom: Pro-

vided also, That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted, of any Offence against this

Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried* again for the fame Offence, as High Treason or

Misprision of Treason, or as an Offence against any other Act; and that nothing in this Act contained

shall be construed to extend to prevent any Person guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall

not be tried for the fame as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the fame as High Treason or

Misprision of High Treason, or as an Offence against any other Act, in such Manner as it this Act had

not been made: Provided also, That no Prosecution shall be commenced under this Act, after the Party

so to be prosecuted shall have been twelve Months in Great Britain subsequent to the Time when the

Offence was committed.

