9

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo leptimo Georgii III.

C. 98.

595

Manner and Form as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time dire£l, by the Meal

Weigher* of the City of London, or by (itch other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall

from ( ime to 7'ime appoint; and shall also, before Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Monday as

1 11 . , to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under

the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of

>y luen Meal Weighers, or other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under

Book to be for that Puroofe nrovided bx

the said City of London, and kept at the Town Clerk’s Office in the said City.

XT. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Meal Weighers or other Persons to prepare and

render correct such Returns or Accounts as aforesaid of Wheat, and of Meal and Flour made of Wheat,

according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt; be it also enaCted, That every Buyer or Seller of,

cr Dealer in Wheat, or Meal or Flour made of Wheat, within the City of London^ or the Liberties thereof, or

within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby re-

quired, on reasonable Request to him or her made by any one or more of the Meal Weighers of the City of

Loruton> or of such other Persons who in ntirfiinncp of this Act flmll ar»nnmt#»rl oc o0»v»foi/1 #-r* Mhim

certify,;

disclose ouu naajkt. Miunu iv iuv.ij ivied 1 v v cj£uci5, ur uiic ui mem, ur omer tenons wno man De 10 ap

pointed, and who shall request the fame, the true and real Prices which any Quantities and Sorts of Wheat,

or of Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or fold within the said City, or Liberties

thereof, or Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, at any 'Lime or Times

within the Space of fourteen Days then last past, by or for such Buyer or Seller of, or Dealer in Wheat, or

Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been actually and bond fide bought or sold at, with all the several

Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several apparent Purposes for which the fame shall have been bought

rdpectively, together with the Occupations of the Buyers.

XII. And be it further enacted, 'That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or for

the Lord Mayor for the Time being, or for any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting for such District,

from 1 ime to Lime to order and direct every or any Baker, or other Person making or who shall make Bread

for Sale, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles

of the Royal Exchange, and to whom, or at whose House or Shop any such Bill of Parcels as aforesaid of Meal

or Flour made of Wheat shall have been actually delivered pursuant to this Act, at any seasonable Time or

Times, within the Space of fourteen Days next after such Delivery, to produce, or cause to be produced,

such Bill of Parcels to the said Court, or to the said Lord Mayor, or to the said Justices, or to the Meal

Weighers of the said City, or any or either of them, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Court, or

the said Lord Mayor, shall appoint to inspect the fame; and that in every such Cafe, such Baker or other

Persons to or for whom such Order shall be given or left, or his Servants or Agents, shall produce, or cause

to be produced, such Bill of Parcels, pursuant to such Order, and the true Meaning of this Act; and in case

any such Baker or other Person shall nor, within seven Days after such Order shall be so given to, or left for

him, produce, or cause to be produced, such Bill of Parcels accordingly, he or they so offending shall, for

every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Weekly Returns or Accounts of Wheat, and of Meal and

Flour made of Wheat, hereby directed to be made and given in as aforesaid, shall be in lieu and (lead of so

much only of the Weekly Return or Account, by the said recited Act directed to be given in and certified,

of the Prices which the several Kinds of Grain, Meal, and Flour, shall fell for in the Markets or Places in

London, where such Grain, Meal, and Flour shall be publicly fold, as relates to Wheat, and Meal and Flour

made of Wheat; but nevertheless such last-mentioned Return or Account of other Grain than Wheat, and

of other Meal and Flour, which shall be fold in London, shall be no longer considered as necessary to be given

in and certified under the said recited Act, unless the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Aiayor

of the said City of London for the Time being, shall at any Time or 7'imes order the fame to be given in

and Certified as such Act directs. Meal and Flour msdc cf Wheat.—Returns of other Gra

XIV. And, for the more easily and effectually carrying of this Act into Execution, be it enacted, That in

all Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions of this Act, the Quantities of Corn and Grain shall be

computed by the Bushel of eight Gallons, commonly called or known by the Name of the The WinchtJler

Bu/het\ and Flour shall be computed by the Sack, which shall contain five Bushels, or two hundred'and

eighty Pounds Weight. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That weekly, on every 77/efda)\being the next Day after every Weekly

Return or Account of Wheat for the Week next but one preceding shall be delivered or left by the said Meal

Weighers, or other Persons as aforesaid, and being also the next Day after the said Returns of Accounts of

Meal and Flour made of Wheat for the Week next preceding shall be delivered or left by the Bakers or

other Persons making Bread for Sale, within the said City, or Liberties thereof, or Bills of Mortality, or

within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, as before-mentioned, the Assize and Weight of .all Bread to be

made of the Flour or Meal of Wheat, and fold or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons, within tl»c City

, — «*• _ . flF a a a A —A» a A ■» wm -•» A A A A A A A. A A A AAA a. A A A _ W

of London

Exchange*

shall from Vh VpBHBn

Court shall then fit, and if such Court shall not then fit, then by the Lord Mayor of the said City for the

Time being, either from or according to what shall, by Means of the said Return or Account of Wheat,

appear to be the then Average Price of Wheat fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, or from or according

X 4Hz to

Wheat, as shall

be mentioned m

the Bakers* Ac-

counts fur the

preceding

Week*, and

Average Price thereof.

Every Buyer or

Seller of Wheat,

or of Meal 01;

Flour made of

Wheat, upon

Request, by the

Meal Weighers,

Sec. to disclose

the true Prices,

Sec,

Power to tf.c

9 S

Court of Mayor

and Aldermen,

or Lord Mayor,

or Justices, to

order Bills cl

Parcels of Me al

or Flour to be

producedj

and the fame

are to l/c pro-

duced accord-

ingly.

Penalty in case

of Default, 5I.

The Weekly

Returns hereby

directed, to be

in lieu of so

much only of

the Weekly

Returns re-

quired by the

Act 31 Geo. 2.

as relates to

Wheat, and

in discontinued.

Directions for

computing the

quantities.

The AfTize of

Bread to be set

every Tuesday

by the Court of

Mayor and Al-

dermen, or if

such Court Bull

not fit, then by

the Lord Mayorj

either from the

Price of Wheat,

or from that of

Flout 3

