A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo leptimo Georgii III.

C. 65.

553

Rate by Church-

wardens and

Overseers of tho

Poor.

General Appeal*

to and for the said Justices, and they arc hereby required, either at the said Quarter Sessions, or at some Tub-

sequent General or Quarter Sessions to be heid for the said County, to rate and assess each and every the

Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of

which shall so neglect or make Default as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to

such Estimate of just and fair Annual Relit or Value of the Estates within such Pariftj, Town, Liberty,

Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets,

or Places respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure by any other Means than the Returns

which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid; and to order such Allowance and Compensation to

be made to the Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County,

for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the fame, as to the said Justices shall

appear reasonable and proper; and that all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall

be thereby incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middle/gx, in their General

or Quarter Sessions assembled, charged upon the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, the

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of which shall so neglect or make Default as aforesaid, in Addi-

tien to their Proportion of the said County Rate, and be collected and paid therewith.

* VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfrat if the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of Appeal a*ainst

any of the said_ Parishes. Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places, within the said - ■

County* shall at any l ime hereafter have Reason to believe that such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct,

Village, Hamlet, or Place is over-rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, such Church-

wardens and Overseers of the Poor may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their

next General or General Quarter Sessions. against such Part of the Kate only as may affect the Parish or

____ . .. , _ . >wered to hear and finally determine

the fame, and to give such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair, just, and equal:

Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal, such Rate shall not be quashed or destroyed in regard to any

other Parishes or Places assessed thereby; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the

contrary notwithstanding. '

VII. Provided also, That if any other Person or Persons shall think himself,herself, or themselves aggrieved

by any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, that he, she,

or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their next General or

General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after any such Cause of Appeal shall a rile; which Justices a7e

hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the lame, and to give such Appellants such Relief as in their

Discretion shall appear fair and just. *'

VIII: And it is hereby enacted and declared. That all the Powers and Authorities in and by the said Act Powers and At»-

of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and all other existing Laws relating to the thor5ti«in A a

County Rate, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except where altered by this Act. StSmied ° *'

' ccpt where altered by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of the said County of‘ Expences of this

Middlesex shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay and discharge the reasonable Charges Act to be paid

and Expences occasioned by the procuring and passing this Act, out of the first Money belonging to the

said County which shall be in his Hands; such Charges being first examined and allowed by the said Justices

at their General or Quarter Sessions.

X. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said

County of Middlesex, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, to order such Allowance and Com-

pensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within such Districts and Divisions in the said

County, where no Rate is or shall be made for the Relief of the Poor, for their Expences and Trouble in

collecting and levying the said County Rate within such Districts and Divisions, as to the said Justices shall

appear reasonable and proper; and to charge such Allowance and Compensation upon such Districts and

Divisions in Addition to their Proportion of the said County Rate.

XL And be it further enacted. That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced, 6r any Pro-

ceeding had against any Person for any Thing done by virtue of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice

thereof shall have been given to, or left at the ulual Place of Abode of, the Person or Persons against whom

stich Action or Proceeding is intended to be had or brought, thereby setting forth the particular Cause of such

Adiion or Proceeding; or after Tender of sufficient Amends have been made to the Party or.Parties ag-

grieved ; or after six Calendar Months next after the Fadt or Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and

every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant

or Defendants in such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Mat-

ter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Au-

thority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action shall be brought

before the Expiration of twenty-one Days next after Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after (uf-

ficient l ender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the Time before

limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and

in every such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after

rhe Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against

;he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Treble Co A*.

37 Geo. Ill* 4C Remedy

by Treasurer out

of County Rate.

Allowance to

Constables, 4c c.

Limitation of

Actions, Ax

Months—

twenty-one

Days Notice-

Tender of

Amends—to

he tried in Mid-

dlesex.

