457

A.D. 179&.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

G. 4.

to them for doing the fame: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said*

Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and that on their appearing before them

at the Petty Sessions held at and being examined by them as to the Cause of such

Default; and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices afore-

said, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the Order#

and that the fame hath been unavoidable: And whereas it hath been made appear to our Satisfaction, that

the fame hath arisen through the wilful Default of /. M. an Inhabitant of the said Parish of

(ory if more than one, I. M. O. P. et cetera, Inhabitants et cetera): We do therefore adjudge the said /. M,

et cetera, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the said /. M. etcetera* in the Sum

of ten Pounds, (et ceteray) as in Form, No. 1*3.

No# 16,

FORM of Order of Justices to the Treasurer of the County

To the Treasurer of the County of M.

M— - 7 WE, A\ B. and C D. two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District

j of in this County, do hereby order you to transfer in your -Account to the Use of

E. F. (enrolled as a Substitute to serve for the Parish of (ory Parishes, et cetera, of )

in his Majesty’s Navy, the Sum of £. out of the Money in your Hands arising from the Fine

imposed upon the Overseers of the Poor of the said PariQi of [ory Inhabitants, as the Cqfe maybe)

or for their Default in not railing a Volunteer for the said Parish of under an Act, intituled*

[Herefetforth the Title of the Act]. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

No. 17#

F O R M of Order or Warrant to Conftahlesy et cetera, to attend.

M— To the Constables of or Overseers, et ceteray of

WE, A1 B. C. D. and E. F. his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the County of

assembled at the General, (or Quarter, or Petty Sessions, as it may be) do hereby require and order you to

attend the Justices of the Peace assembled at a Sessions of the Peace, on the

Day of at to shew Cause to the said Justices why [ Here set out the Default complained

of] or to make a Return (as the Cafe may be). Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day

of

I s %

No. 18.

FORM of Conviction for Neglect of Duty* -

M-----7 BE it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of

to wit. 3 his present Majesty’s Reign, A. B. of is duly convicted before us

Justices of the Peace, atfembied at a Sessions of the Peace held at in pursuance

of an Act of the Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, [Here fetforth the Title of

the Atl,] for that he the said A. B. on at did wherefore we the

laid Justices (or of the said Justices) do adjudge that he the said A. B. do pay the Sum of

as a Fine for his Offence, in pursuance of the Powers veiled in us by the said Act. Given

under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 10.

FO R M of Commitment for Fraud or wilful Partiality

To

Af-----7 RECEIVE into your Custody the Body of A. B. herewith sent you, having been adjudged

to wit.,) guilty of [Hereflate the Offence], in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Afly) and him safely keep in your Cuf-

tody for the Space of next enluing j and for so doing this {hall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

37 Geo. III.

30

No. 20.

