4

; ' . . . ' - . .

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C.

Which Conviction shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, thereto be filed amongst the Re-

cords of the County, Riding, or Division. "

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be

judicially taken norice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without spe-

cially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter $ and

v to repeal certain Acts relating thereto.—[14th May 1796.]

C* Jy 1 » v f 4 P. f , f II J I s & 'hm p‘ *

t \X7HEREAS, to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, various

Provisions were made, by a Statute, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his

Majesty King Charts the Second, and intituled, An Act for reforming of the Abuses committed in the Weight

4 andfalfe Packing of Buttery and by another Statute, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King

4 William and Queen Alary, and intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and

4 Cheese: And whereas the Provisions of the said two Statutes are found to be defective and infufEcient; and

4 therefore it may be expedient to make new Regulations in respect to the Packing, Weight, and Sale of

4 such Butter :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That every Cooper, or other Person who shall make any Vessel for the pack-

ing of Butter, shall make the fame of good and well-seasoned l imber, and tight, and not leaky, and shall

grove in the Heads and Bottoms thereof; and every Vessel which shall be made for the packing of such But-

ter shall be a Tub, Firkin, or Half Firkin, and no other; and every Tub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, shall,

at the Time the fame shall be delivered out of the Possession of the Cooper, or other Person making the same,

be of the Weight and Proportion, and capable of containing the several Quantities of Botter herein-aficr

mentioned; (that is to say,) Every Tub shall weigh of itself, including the l of and Bottom, not less than

eleven Pounds, and not more than fifteen Pounds Avoirdupois Weight; and neither the Top nor the Bot-

tom of any such Tub shall be more than five eighth Parts of an Inch in Thickness in any Part thereof; and

every such Tub shall be capable of containing eighty-four Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Butter,

and not less: Every Firkin shall weigh of itself, including the Top and Bottom, not less than seven

Pounds, and not more than eleven Pounds Avoirdupois Weight; and the Top and Bottom of each

such Firkin shall not be more than four eighth Parts of an Inch each in Thickness in any Part thereof;

and every such Firkin shall be capable of containing fifty-six Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Butter, and not

less: And every Half Firkin shall weigh of itself, including the Top and Bottom thereof, not less than four

Pounds, and not more than six Pounds Avoirdupois Weight; and the Top and Bottom thereof shall not

be more than three eighth Parts of an Inch each in Thickness in any Part thereof; and every Half Firkin

shall be capable of containing twenty-eight Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Butter, and not less; upon Pain

and Penalty that the Cooper, or other Person or Persons who shall make any such Vessel in any Respect

contrary to the Dire£hons aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Vessel, so made contrary to the Di-

rections aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Cooper, or other Person making a Vessel for packing such

Butter as aforesaid, before suffering any such Vessel to go out of his Possession, (nail, on the Bottom of such

Vessel, on the Outside, with an Iron, brand his Christian Name and his Surname at Length, and in permanent

and legible Letters, to denote that it is the Mark of the Cooper or Maker of the Vessel, together with the

exact Weight or Tare thereof, or in default thereof, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay, for every

such Vessel not marked according to the Directions aforesaid, the Sum of ten Shillings. /

III. And be it further enacted, That every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other Person who

shall pack any Butter for Sale, shall pack the fame in Vessels so made and marked as aforesaid, and no other,

and shall properly soak and season every Vessel wherein he shall pack any Butter, before the packing thereof;

and when such Vessel shall have been so soaked and seasoned, shall on the Bottom thereof, on the Inside,

and on the Top of every such Vessel, on the Outside, with an Iron, brand his Christian Name and his Sur-

name at Length, in permanent and legible Letters; and shall also, with an Iron, brand on the Top, on the

Outside, ami on the Bouge or Body of every such Vcfld, the true Weight or Tare of such empty Vessel,

when the fame shall have been soaked and seasoned; and shall also, with an Iron, brand his Christian Name

and his Surname at Length, in permanent and legible Letters, on the Bougfe or Body of every such Vessel,

across two different Staves at lead, to prevent such Staves from being taken out and changed; and also shall

distinctly, and at Length, imprint his Christian Name and Surname upon the Fop of the Butter contained in

every such Vessel when so filled; upon the Pain and Penalty that every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of

Butter, or other Person who shall offend in packing Butter for Sale, in any Vessel not made and marked by

the Cooper or Maker thereof as aforesaid, or not soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding the

Weight of such Vessel, after the fame shall be so soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding his

Christian Name and Surname at Length on every such Vessel as aforesaid, or in not iofprintinghis Christian

Name and Surname on the Butter packed therein as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the

Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, T hat every Dairy Man, Farmer, or Seller of Butter, or other Person

who shall pack any Butter for Sale, shall pack in every Tub, Firkin, and Half Firkin, (exclusive of the

1 are of the Cask or Vessel,)1 the several and rerpc&ive Quantities of good and merchantable Butter herein-

I . 3 A 2 after

361

Public Act.

1 j and 14 Car.

II. Cap. z6.

and 4 Will, and

Mary, Cap. 7.

recited.

Regulations for

making Vcfleii

for packing

Butter.

f

r .*1

Penalty of 1

for each Vessel

made contrary

to the above Di-

rt ft ions.

Vessels to be

brandtd with

the Name of the

Maker, and the

Weight, on Pe-

nalty of 10 s.

Directions for

packing of

Butter;

Penalty of 5I.

for not con.

forming to

them.

Quantities to lx

packed in uch

Vessel.

