A.D. 1798.

C. 76.

ving Annoying tncelimo octavo G e o r o i i III.

Table (D.) - &j‘|

A TABLE of New DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom, of the

Goods, W ares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated, having been imported by the United Cotn«

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. ' . ^'

Sugar,

OUTWARDS.

having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, exported, (except in Cafes where, by any special Provision in this

A <51, such Sugar is exempt from this Duty,) for every Hundred Pounds of the true

and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been fold

at the public Saks of the said Company - - *

DUTY.

£. d.

2 10

Table (E.) . -

A TABLE of TONNAGE DUTIES payable on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards

(except in Ballast) in any Port of this Kingdom, to or from Foreign Parts.

TONNAGE DUTY.

m

in

in

or every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and

Man, the Greenland Seas, and the Southern Whale Fdhery

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except

Ballast) to cr from any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except

Ballast) to or from any other Port or Place in Europe

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted

to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from the Cape of Good Hope - -

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or de-

feribed - - • 1

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from the Island of Newfoundland, the islands of Cape Breton and

Saint John, and the Coast of Labrador

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (except in

Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in the United States of America, any British

Island, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America not other-

wife described - - - -

DUTY.

jC*

- 6

3 —

2 6

1

6

