Duty not to tx-

tt nd to Dogs

not six Months

ol>, tftc Proof

of which to lie

on the Owner.

Duties to be

Collected, Sec.

as the Duties on

Horles.

Mode of mak-

ing Assessmentt

of the Duty,

ai.ci of -Lifts of

Do^s.

ConmilTioners

for tUc Duties

on Horse* to be

Comwn.trioners

for executing

thii Act, with

the like Powers.

Their first

Meet.n^, Sec.

Surveyors, Sec.

forth*. Duties

on Horses, to

aft in like Man-

ner in t.>e Exe-

cution of this

Act.

C. 124. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

4 it 1

, - • t # p . m

II. ProviJed always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this ACt contained shall charge with the

said Duty any Dog or Whelp, which, at the Time of returning the Lift of Dogs kept by any Person as

by this ACt is required, shall not actually be of the Age of six Calendar Months : Provided also, that ifany

Dispute shall aril'e touching the Age of such Dog or Whelp, the Commissioners authorized to execute this

ACt shall finally determine the fame, on Appeal to be made thereupon ; and that upon every Appeal to the

said Commissioners, for any Matter or Thing under this ACt, if the Matter in Dispute shall be in respect of

the Age of any Dog or Whelp assessed to the said Duty, the Fat! that the fame is under the Age of fix

Calendar Months shall lie on the Owner or Owners of such Dog or Whelp, who shall claim such Exemp-

tien, on his, her, or their Oaih or Affirmation, or on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, to be tendered by such Owner or Owners.

III. And be it further enaCted, That the Duties hereby imposed on Dogs, shall be assessed, raised, collect-

, and received, by such Persons, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and

under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions*

as are prescribed or appointed for alleffing, railing, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties 011

Horses, in and by certain Acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, and certain other Acts passed in subsequent Sessions and in the present Session of Parliament, or in or

by any of the said Acts ; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Diretions, Penalties, Forfeitures*

Jurisdictions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Acts relative to the said Duties on

Horses, and in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act for aiTelling, raising, collecting, re-

ceiving, and paying, the Rates and Duties on Horses thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and shall be

extended to, and be duly observed, prastifed, and put in execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great

Britain, for a(fefling, raising, collecting, receiving, and paying, the said Duties on Dogs hereby imposed, as

fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame are or may be observed, prattifed, and put in

execution, for assessing, raising, collecting, receiving, or paying, the Rates and Duties granted by the said

ACts on Horses, and shall, in the Execution of this ACt, be construed in like Manner as if the fame Provi-

fions were specially enacted in this Act, so far as the said Powers, Rules, Authorities, and Penalties, and

other Matters and Things, are applicable unto and not altered by this ACt, except that the fame shall not*.

by reason of any Exemption from the said Duties on Horses, in the said Acts contained, or any of them, or

in any other Act, having Relation to the Duties on Horses, be construed in like Cafes to exempt any Per-

son from the Duties on Dogs hereby imposed. », . 1

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the first Assess'ment under this ACt, of the said

Duties hereby imposed, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thou-

(and seven hundred and ninety-six ; and that in the first Lift to be made out in pursuance of this AC!, the fame

shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept in the Year preceding, and ending on the fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-(ix, and afterwards the said Assessments shall be made for one Year

from the fifth Day of April in every Year j and that, in the Lifts to be made out for any subsequent Year*

the fame shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept in the Year preceding, and ending on the fifth Day

of April yearly. >

V. And be it further enaCted, That the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter

be authorized or appointed, for putting in execution the said ACts relative to the Duties on Horses, shall be

Commissioners for executing this ACt, and the Powers herein contained, or hereby directed to be applied,

in all and singular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns*

and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and shall hold their first Meeting under this

ACt at such l ime or Times as they shall appoint, before the thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-six, and afterwards shall meet from Time to Time for the Purpose of executing this Act*

at such Days and Times as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, or as

the said Commissioners are or shall be authorized to appoint, for the Purpose of executing the said several Acts

relative to the said Duties on Horses, and shall divide themselves into DistriCts, and proceed in the Exe-

cution of this present ACt, in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said ACts relative

tea the Duties on Horses ; and the said Commissioners shall, in all Things relative to the Duties

by this ACt imposed, have the like Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, in appointing Collectors, making

AflelFments, and in enforcing, correcting, and amending, or relieving from the same, as are given to them

by the said ACts in like Cafes, relative to the Duties on Horses thereby granted, except so far as any Alter-

ation is made by this ACt; and that the several Surveyors, InspeCtors, Alfellors, and Collectors, respectively

appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the said several ACts relative to the Duties on Horses before

mentioned, or any of them, shall respectively be Surveyors, InspeCtors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in

execution this ACt, according to the Powers and Authorities given to them respectively by the said several

ACts b fore mentioned, and shall respectively cause Notices for preparing Lifts and Declarations to be de-

livered to all and every the Persons liable to the Duties hereby imposed, at such Times and in such Manner

as by the said ACts is required in relation to the said Duties on Horses, and which Lifts and Declarations

shall be delivered according to such Notices, and under the like Penalties, and under and subject to the like

Powers of being reviewed and surcharged, as are given, appointed, or limited by the said several ACts before

mentioned ; and that all such Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things shall be put in execution against all

and every Person and Persons whatever, who shall keep any Dog or Dogs liable to the Duty by this ACt

imposed, whether such Person or Persons arc, is, or shall be liable to the said Duties on Horses or not; and

the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the

laid several ACts before mentioned, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and

*V required

