A.D. 1798

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C.41.

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed

by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities referred to in the Act.

DUTIES payable

for each Servant.

For one such Servant ants no more ‘ -

For two such Servants and no more

For three and not more than four such Servants

For five and not more than seven such Servants

For eight such Servants and no more

For nine such Servants and no more

For ten such Servants and no more

And for eleven such Servants^and upwards

For every such Servant retained and employed

married

by any Male Person never having been

£- s.

I 10

2 2

2 14

3 6

3 12

3 16

4 4

4 16

1 10

d,

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Servants, and not to extend to

any Male Servant retained or employed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufactures, or of any

Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant earns a Livelihood 9 and to be subject to

all other the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force.

• t* - SCHEDULE B.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every CARRIAGE of the several Descriptions

hereinafter mentioned, kept by any Person or Persons.

NUMBER of CARRIAGES

DUTIES payable

[for each Carriage.

—

9

10

11

11

11

11

11

11

j.

12

4

4

3

11

12

*3

14

d.

6

For one Rich Carriage with four Wheels and no more -

For two such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For three such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For four such Carriages with four Wheels and no more -

For five such Carriages with four Wheels and no more - -

For fix such Carriages with four Wheels and no more

For seven such Carriages with four Wheels and no more - «... -

And for eight such Carriages with four Wheels and upwards

The said Rates and Duties to be charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafb, Chaise Ma-

rine, Chaise with four Wheels, or Caravan with four Wheels, or any Number thereof, by whatsoever

Name or Names the fame may be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons for his or their own

Use, or to let out to Hire, except as hereinafter mentioned ; and to be subject to all the Exemption*

contained in any Act or Acts in Force. *• •

For every such Carriage with four Wheels let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling Post for a

Day, or any less Period of Time, or by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, by any

Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses by the Com-

missioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and

whereon the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so licensed

shall be marked or painted, according to the Directions of the Act in that Cafe made

and provided ; and for every Coach or Diligence with four Wheels, which shall be kept

and employed as a public Stage Coach, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for

Hire, to and from different Places within this Kingdom, and which shall be duly entered

as such with the said last-mentioned Commissioners -

For every such Carriage with less than four Wheels -

8

4

8

4

irged on every

Names such C

any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use, or to let out to Hire, to be paid by:the Person

or Persons keeping or using such Carriages 5 and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any

Act or Acts in Force, , t »

751

• §

SCHK

