454

C. 4*

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Pithing?, or Places, within the said District, charged to raise Men, under the above Act, against the

Proceedings of Regulating Officers appointed under that Act, who shall rejeif any Man or Men raised by

the said respeitive Parishes, Tithings, or Places, whereby such Overseers Hull be aggrieved, shall and may

be heard and determined on the Day of next ensuing, and on

following, until such Appeals shall be determined at before such Justices as shall then and

there meet to hear and determine such Appeals. Given under oui Hands and Seals, the Day

of - in the Year of our Lord '

• % 4 Vu. J te 4 % %

:v a 7*. • ‘ No. 7.

FORM of Order cf Justices upon a Difference or Difagvcemnt between two Parishes or Places.

7 WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to us, A. B, C. D. Justices of Peace, in and for the

M-----

Diflritl of $ said County of M. acting in and for this DistriZl, and assembled at a Petty Sessions this

Day of in the Year of our Lord that [Here set out the

Complamt\ we* do hereby order that [ Here set out the Orderly and that this Order shall be final andconclu-

five upon all Parties. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day ot in the

Year of our Lord

No. 8.

FORM of the Justices Certificate, one Duplicate whereof

to be left with the Clerk of the Peace.

_ _______

f or the County of

Al— ) WE A. B. and C. D. Esquires, two of the

3 Justices of the Peace in and for this County,

do hereby certify, ‘that E. F. hath voluntarily entered

himself in the Service of his Majesty’s Army or Navy,

.(as the Cafe may be,) for the Parish (or Parishes, as the

Cafe may be,) of and that his Description is

as under-written:

Number of the Certificate. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E.F. - - - Parish of O O • i

And we do further certify, that the Sum of

Pounds hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the

said E. F. on his entering into such Service; [and if any

Sum is to be said to him on Enrolment, add as followsJ,

And wc do nereby direct, that the Sum of

Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid to the said E. F. (or

to the Wife, Child, or Children, or Father,

or Mother, of the said E. F. at his Request), at the Time

of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that we

have ordered the Overseers of the said Parish of

to pay into the Hands of L. M\ the Treasurer of the

said County of within the Space of four-

teen Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of

Pounds, being the Refiduc of the said Bounty, to be ap-

plied as the Act in such Cafe dircdls. Given under our

Hands and Seals, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

• No. 8.

FORM of the Justices Certificate, one Dupli te whereof

. to be delivered with the Party. ca

For the County of

M-----7 WE A. B. and C. Z). Esquires, two of the

3 Justices of the Peace in and for this County,

do hereby certify, that E. F. hath voluntarily entered

himselfin the Service of his Majesty’s Army or Navy,

(as the Cafe may be,) for the Parish (or Parishes, as the

Cafe may be) of and that his Description is

as under-written:

Number of the Certificate. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E.F Parish of A O O - - - -

And we do further certify, that the Sum of

Pounds hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the

said E. F. on his entering into such Service ; [and if arty

Sum is to be paid to him on Enrolment, add as followsJ,

And we do hereby direct, that the Sum of

Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid to the said E. F. (or

to the Wife, Child, or Children, or Father,

or Mother, of the said E. F. at his Request), at the Time

of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that wc

have ordered the Overseers of the said Parish of

to pay into the Hands of L. M\ the Treasurer of the

said County of within the Space of four-

teen Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of

Pounds, being the Residue of the said Bounty, to be ap-

plied as the Act in such Cafe diretfs. Given under our

Hands and Seals, this . Day of in the

Year of our Lord At ‘

No.

9

