A.D. 1796.'

tricesimo

C.

23

505

of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, in the said A£* of the present Session of Parliament men-

tioned, shall be inserted in the Schedule directed by the said A<5* to be laid before the General Meetings of

Lieutenancy in their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places in the said Act described; and that from Time

to Time new Schedules shall be prepared of any other Horses, Mares, or Geldings, which shall be aflcfled to

the said Duties, or any of them, to be laid before such General Meetings, which last-mentioned Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, shall from Time to Time be enumerated orclaflcd in the Manner herein directed, until

the Service required by the said Act* shall be completed: Provided always, That if any Person shall have

Iona fide ceased to keep or use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

for which he or she is charged in any such Assessment, at all Times since the twentieth Day of Oftoler one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and shall have remained during the whole Inteival without any

Horse, Marc, or Gelding, liable to any of the said Duties, in lieu of the former Horse, Mare, or Gelding,

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or

one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, acting for any Subdivision before whom any Appeal

for that cause shall be brought in pursuance of this Adf, to discharge such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or fucti

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, which such Person shall have ceased to keep or use as aforesaid, from the Copy

of the Schedule whereon the fame respectively shall appear to have been so charged ; and such Person shall

not be liable to provide for the Service required by the said A<St in respect* of any Horse, Marc, or Gelding

struck out of such Copy, in the Manner and for the cause herein directed.

are afllfled, since Oft. 20, 1796, may, on Appeal, have them (truck out

XII. And be it further ena£*cd, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person liable to the Service re-

quired by the said Act* of the present Session, who shall be charged to any other Duties under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in any Place different from the Place or Places where

he or she shall be charged to the said Duties on Horses, toeled* in which of the said Places he or (be shall be

returned as liable to the said Service, giving such Notices thereof and procuring such Certificates as are re-

quired to be made and procured by the said Act* in other Cafes where such F.ledtion may be made ; and in

case such Person shall tied* to serve in the Place where he or she shall be charged to any other aflcfled Duties

than the said Duties on Horses, then the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings for which he shall be so

charged, shall be indorsed or written upon the Assessment made after the fifth Day of jfpril one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-six, in respect* of such other Duties upon such Person in the Place where he or she

shall make such Elect*ion to serve in pursuance of such Certificates ; and all Fines and Penalties which such

Person may incur, and all other Payments to which such Person may become liable, in pursuance of the said

Ad*, shall and may from Time to Time be added to the said Assessment upon which the Number of Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she shall be so charged, shall be endorsed or written in pursuance of

such Certificates, and shall be levied and accounted for, together with the Duties therein respect*ivefy con-

tained, subject* to such Application as is provided by the said Act* in respect* of Tines, Penalties, and other

Payments aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enact*, That in every Class of Persons made out or to be made out in pursuance

of the said Act* of the present Session, the Person on whom the Lot shall fall shall he bound to provide a Man,

who shall be approved in the Manner directed by the said Act*; and that no Allowance shall be made to such

Person in respect* thereof beyond such Sum as shall he settled by the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the

fame County, Riding, or Division, where such Person shall be chosen, to be a fair Compensation in respect* of

the Cloathing to be provided; unless such Person shall be deemed unfit for the said Service, in which Cafe

an Allowance shall be made, in respect* thereof, of such Sum of Money as shall be settled at a Subdivision

Meeting of Lieutenancy in the Division of the same County, Riding, or Place where such Porfon shall serve,

to be a fair Compensation for the fame, and which Compensation shall be apportioned, aflcfled, collected,

and paid in the Manner directed by the said A St.MfCt;ng> unWi thcPersonbt d,med

XIV. And be it further enacted. That no Allowance fh%ll he made to any Person on whom the Lot shall

fall, in any Class, to provide a Mare or Gelding for the said Service, beyond such Sum as shall be settled at a

General Meeting of Lieutenancy, to be allowed for any extra Expences to be incurred in providing Furni-

ture, and in maintaining and keeping such Mare or Gelding; unless such Person, at the Time of such Ballot

being had, shall not be actually pnflelled of any Marc or Gelding, which shall be approved in pursuance of

the Directions contained in the said Act*; in which Cafe such Allowance shall be made, as shall be settled at

such Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy as aforesaid to be a fair Compensation for the fame, and which

shall be apportioned, assessed, colicdted, and paid in the Manner directed by the said Act*.

April 5. 1796,

or to be made,

to the Dutic*

granted by cer-

tain Acts, to he

inserted in the

Schedules to be

laid before the

General Meet-

ings ; and rew

Schedule*, from

Time to Tune,

of other Horse*

assesst d to t1- ofe

Duties, to be

laid before \

them, until the

Service required

be complied. ,

Persons ceasing

to keep Horse*

for which they

of the Schedule.

Person* charged

for other Duties

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

for Taxes, in a

different Place

than for Horses,

may cleft in

which they shall

be returned, See*

Thc Person on

whom the Lot

shall fall, shall

provide an ap-

proved Man,

and no Allow-

alice fha.l be

made in respect

thereof beyond

the Sum settled

by the General

unfit for Service.

No Allowance

to be made to

the P^rfcn on

whom the Lot

shall fall to pro-

vide a Mare, See.

tcyond the Sum

settled at a Ge-

neral Meeting,

unless at the

Eallot he fhsll not be posscffed of an approved Mare, See.

XV. And be it further mailed. That so much of the said Act made in the present Session of Parliament

as dircas an Allowance to be made to the Person who shall provide a Substitute in Cafes where in any Class

there shall nor be a Person fit for Military Service, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed. ’

And be it further enacted. That whenever any Mare or Griding which shall have b»cn approved

at a Muster made in pursuance of the said Act of the present Scfljon, shall die, or become unfit for Service

the I erfon before appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide such Mare or Gelding shall be obliged to provide

another Mare or Gelding, which shall be approved in like Manner; and that whenever any Swbilitute shall

J7 Geo. III. 3 U'- j:c>

§ 19. of Cap. 6.

repealed.

Whenever any

Marc, Ac. shall

die or become

unfit for Service,

or any Substi-

tute die or be

