\

t;

ffl

BIX

IC5

1

t%* 1

l*Y

:fc*

t

|trf

r iM

. i

ii^

‘jdij

fat

iffcj

cp1

r

A.D. 1796' Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 23.

503

mentioned :9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament aflcmhled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be

exempt from the Service mentioned in the said Act, by reason of his or her having been an articled Clerk or

Apprentice, unless the Articles or Indentures under which such Person shall be bound shall have been exe-

cuted on or before the twentieth Day of Ofiober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and unless such

Person shall be actually- serving under such Articles or Indentures at the Time of his or her claiming such

Exemption.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act; passed in the present Settion, as exempts any

Teacher of a private Congregation from the Service required by the said Act, shall be and is hereby repealed:

And that no licensed Teacher to any separate Congregation, shall be liable to the Service required by the

said Act, who shall not be charged to the said Duties on Horses for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not charged to any of the Duties on Horses for more

than three Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall have served or been entered in any Volunteer Corps of Ca-

valry, raised by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Atl for encouraging and difeip lining such Corps or Companies of Men as frail voluntarily enrol them-

fives for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Goajls, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the

present JVary or who shall enter or offer himself, and be accepted before the fifteenth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to serve in any such Corps raised or to be raised by virtue of the

said Act, before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or such other

Day to which the Ballot, within any Subdivision of a County, Riding, or Division, shall be postponed by

his Majesty’s Privy Council, in the Manner herein-after directed 3 and if such Person shall, at his own Ex-

igence, furnish a Mare or Gelding for the said Service, in such Corps, then such Person shall not be liable to

be classed, or to provide any Man, or furnish any Mare or Gelding, in pursuance of the said Act of the

present Settion, in respect of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, not exceeding three, for which he shall be so

charged: Provided always. That if any such Person as aforesaid, being charged for more than three such

Horses, shall be appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide for the Service required by the said Act of the

present Session of Parliament, such Person shall be obliged to provide a proper Substitute or Substitutes, for

the Service thereby required, although by reason of the personal Service of such Person in such Volunteer

Corps he cannot be enrolled under the said Act of the present Session of Parliament; and that any other

Person who shall by virtue of the said Act be appointed or chosen by Ballot to provide (or the Service thereby

required, and who shall be deemed unfit for personal Service therein, for any Cause to be allowed by the

Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant, and one Justice of the Peace, acting (or the Subdivision,

or who shall refuse or neglect to take the Oath required to be taken unde.* the said Act, as amended by this

Ad, shall be obliged to provide a Substitute or Substitutes for the Service thereby required.

No articled

Clerk or Ap-

prentice exempt

from Service,

unlcfa bound

on or before

Olt i

and serving when Exemption is claimed.

n, as exempts any No licensed

Teacher of a fe-

parate Congre-

gation liable to

Service, who is

charged to the Duties on Horses for more than one.

Persons not

charged to the

Dutieson Horses

for more than

three, serving

in the Cavalry

raised under

34 Geo. ill.

Cap. 31. or who

shall be accepted

to serve by a

limited Time,

not to be claOed

under recited

Act for such

Horses j but if -

any such Pa Ion

charged for

more tlmn three

Horses, ice. be

appointed or

chosen by Ballot

to serve, lie shall

provide a Sub-

rtitute;

as also Persons

appointed or

chosen by Bal-

lot, deemed unfit for Service, or refusing to be sworn.

Inferior Officers

of Customs, 4-c.

Jiow far ex-

empted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no inferior Officer of his Majesty’s Duties of Customs, nor any

Supervisor, Riding Officer, or other inferior Officer of the Duties on Salt, who shall not be respectively

charged to the said Duties on Horses for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and who shall make it

appear to the Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or to one Deputy Lieutenant and one

Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting to be held as aforesaid, that he is obliged by the Regula-

tiens or Ordersof his supervor Officers to keep such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the necessary Perform-

alice of his Duty, as such Officer, shall be liable to provide any Man, or any Mare, or Gelding, for his

Majesty’s Service, in pursuance of the said Ac! of the present Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Marc, or Gelding, provided by anyTerfon by virtue of the said

Act, and being of the Height of fourteen Hands or upwards, (nail be deemed unfit for Service, or rejected

at any Muster held under the said Act* of the present Settion, by reason that such Mare or Gelding may be

under the Height required by the said Act. count of its Height. Cy. 6. § 25.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the present Settion as requires every Per- No Person to be

son previously to his being inrolled, or permitted to serve in the Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, to

swear that he is a Protestant, shall be, and it is hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the Person or

A t 1*0 .1 / \ . I /" * I . Ii f* ? I A ( L C m - ..f » C r! nnf

No Marc, &c. o!

14 Hands or

Upwards to be

rejt &cd on ac-

Persons authorized to administer the Oath preferrbed by the said Act of the present Settion o( Parliament,

is and are hereby required in every" Cafe in administering the fame, to omit the following

and he and they

AVords, videlicet:

And I do swear that I ain a Protestant/

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Deputy Lieutenants; or one Deputy

Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, have already omitted, or shall at any i ime or 1 imes hereafter

omit, to meet or execute any of the Powers of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, at the T ime

or Times,- or according to the Manner prescribed by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy

Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, acting

(or any Subdivision of any County, Riding, or Division, to meet and cxecuie the said Powers, or any of

*© them3

t

required to

swear he is a

Piotefiam, and

in administering

the Oath, those

Words to be

emitted.

Where Deputy

Lieutenants,

&c. have omit-

ted to meet

to execute the

recited AO,

they may meet-

