526

C. 36, 37. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797#

I See 6 Geo. III.

Cap. 96. 10 Geo.

If I. Cap. 102.

15 Geo. III. Cap.

2a 16 Geo. III.

Cap 3?.. 26 Geo.

III. Cap. 33.J

23 Geo. 111.

Cap. 39.

24 Geo. III.

Cap. 45.

CAP. XXXVI. ' 1

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the 7rent to the Mersey, to make a

Navigable Canal from and out of a certain Branch of their said Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or

near Endon, to or near the Town of Z^£, in the County of Stafford; and also a Reservoir for supplying

the feverM Canals of the said Company with Water.—[24th March 1797.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects

of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried

on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said

United States.—[27th March 1797.] ‘

\ \7 HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

‘ VV An Act for preventing certain instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United

c States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on

Trade and Commer ce bet ween the Subjects of his Majesty s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United

4 States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one

4 thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of

4 his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third

4 Tear of his present Majesty, “for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and

44 Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of

44 America,” to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

4 with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned; the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended

4 to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

4 so far as the fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any

4 Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned

4 Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven

4 hundred and ninety-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of

4 his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on be-

4 tween this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also

that the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign should be further continued:’ May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said recited Act of the twenty-third Tear

of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried or T between

this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said

Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters and Things

therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, and no longer.

23 Geo. ill.

Cap. 39, so far

as relates to the

Commerce be-

tween this

Kingdom and

the United

States of Ame-

rica, and 24

Geo. III. Cap. 45, to continue in force till April 5, 179S

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of any

Place, bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported from

hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which (bail

hereafter be in’force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever

shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this

Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of

this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be im-

ported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of

America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be al-

lowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or t>y Order of his Majesty in Council;

the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall re-

spectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be-

longing thereto.: 1

Articles from

any Place bor-

dering on the

Baltic, which

may be exported

from this King-

dom, ifexported

contrary to Law,

and Goods im-

ported from the

United States

of America, and

not permitted

by Law% and

also Goods im-

ported from

those States contrary to Law, to l c forfeited.

How Forfei-

tures arc to he

recovered and

applied.

III. And be it further enacted, 'That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act shall and may be fad

for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof

dispoted of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as anY

Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and

recovered, in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof

shall be dispoted of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or

Ufag?, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Pro-

