A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo TextoGEORGII III. C. 20, 21.

‘ reasonable that an Allowance should be made for such Part of the usual Season for distilling during which

1 they may be prevented from working in consequence of this Act;’ be it enacted by the Authority afore-

laid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to

make such Allowances to the Persons taking out such Licences respectively, as shall appear to the said Com-

missioners, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three of

them, to be reasonable.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, im-

posed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of

Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

IVtjlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or

them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or re-

pealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

279

Scotland to

make an Al-

lowance of the

Duties on Stilt*,

for the Time

they arc pre-

vented working.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties.

Act may be al-

tered or repeal-

this Session.

CAP. XXL

An Act for allowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation into Great Britain

of any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, or Rye, in British Ships, or

other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Ma-

jesty, or on the Delivery of the fame out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

[24th December 1795.]

c I WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given for a limited Time to the Importa-

4 W tien into this Kingdom, of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Rye; may it

4 therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

for all Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Rye, imported or brought into this Kingdom

in British Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity

with his Majesty, however the fame may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Boun-

ties; to

A Bounty of twenty Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing not less than four hun-

dred and forty Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty of sixteen Shillings per Quarter on every

Quarter of Wheat weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and

a Bounty of six Shillings for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Wheat Flour, which shall be imported

or brought into Great Britain from any Port of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, or from any Port in the

Mediterranean, or in Africa, before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix, until the Quantity of such Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall amount unto four hundred thousand

Quarters, estimating two hundred Weight and an half avoirdupois of Wheat Flour to be equal to one Quar-

ter of Wheat: - . 1

to 1>C

paid on Import-

ation, before

Sept. 30,1796,

of Wheat, Acc.

~ in British Vef-

fcls, or Veflch belonging to States in Amity with his Majesty.

Bounties on a

certain Quantity

of Wheat and

Wheat Flour,

from Europe,

South of Cape

Finifterrc, from

the Mediterra-

nean, or Africa.

dred

ter c

ghing

tig not lets than tour nunarea and twenty-rour rounds vveignt /woirdunt

igs and six Pence for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Wheat FI

Great Britain from any other Part of Eurofte. not being a Part of his Ada

our, which

Adajesty’s Do-

minions,

Qua

eftirr

iporteu into \jreai nrnam irom any other ran or r.uropey not Deing a ran or ms majeiry s ivo-

before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the

■ on a

certain Quantity

of Wheat, See.

from any other

Fart of Europe,

out of his Ma-

jt fty's Domi-

nions.

W heat:

A Bounty of twenty

dred and forty Pounds

iai ter of Vv h

Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing

Weight Avoirdunoife: and a Bounty of sixteen Shillings

not less than four hun-

Quarter on every

eat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and

1 Shillings for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Wheat Flour, which shall be imported

or brought into Great Britain from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, or from the United States, be-

fore the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the Quantity of such

'Wheat and Flour, taken together, shall amount unto five hundred thousand Quarters, estimating two hun-

dred Weight and an Half avoirdupois of Wheat Flour to be equal to one Quarter of Wheat

A Bounty of ten Shillings Per Quarter on every Quarter of Wheat, weighing not less thai

_ ng not less than four hundred

and forty Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty of eight Shillings per Quarter on every Quarter of

\\Theat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight avoirdupois; and a Bounty

into

Great

I jf -IUU 1 UUI1U9 f f vl^iH j OA1VJ U JL

upoife of Wheat Flour, which shall be imported

Oo (

Bounties on a

certain Quantity

of Wheat, See.

from his Ma-

jesty’s Colonies

in America, or

the United

States.

Bounties on

Wheat, &c.

eitcecdinj the

Quantities be-

fore men.

tioncik

