126 C. 65. Anno tricesimo-quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

ind for Articles

which have

been (urnished

gratis in lieu

thereof, 2d.

per Diem to be

allowed.

For Hotfes

quartered, lod.

-q per Diem

to be paid for

Hay and Straw.

So much of re-

cited Act as re-

lates to fumifh-

ing with Diet

Non-commis-

stoned Officers

and Soldiers on

a March, or ro-

II. And be it further enacted,. That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non-com-

missioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act,

furnish such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnish-

ing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom

such Non-com missioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so

supplied, shall receive, in Consideration thereof, two Pence per Diem for each Non* commissioned Officer

and Soldier, instead of furnishing the fame gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of two Pence

per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person, on whom any

of the Horses belonging to his said Majesty’s Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay

and Straw, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, be ten Pence

Halfpenny per Diem for each Horse, instead of six Pence per Diem as directed in the said Act.

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of

4 dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the

4 Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops as the Inn-

4 holders;’ be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnish-

ing Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Re-

cruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

cruiting, repealed.

Regulation

with respect to

dieting Non-

commissior.

Officers and

Soldiers cn

their March;

and recruiting

Parties and

■Recruits.

Continuance

of Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall, during the Con-

tinuance of this Act, be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons

on whom they may be billetted, at the Rates herein-before prescribed, while on the March, as also on and

for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination* and on the two subsequent Days, unless

either of the two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such

Officers or Soldiers Avail be billetted, or within the Distance of two Miles thereof, in v/hich Cafe it shall and

may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day,

the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act

specified, and at the Rate herein-before prescribed: Provided always, that if any Regiment, Troop, Com-

pany, or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any

intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive

their Diet 2nd Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for

such Time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final

Destination, according to this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in re-

cruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for two Days after the Day of

their Arrival at any recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as is herein-before provided in regard

to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit enlisted after the two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the

Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate

herein-before prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also

never theless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from

their Station, and after a Time shall return to the same Place, they, and the Recruits by them raised, so

returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such two Days as aforesaid,

unleis the Period between the Time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have

exceeded twenty-eight Days-

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-six.

|; CAP. LXV.

An Act to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs, for the Election of

Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

, [19th May 1795.3

1 T T 7FEREAS the Execution of Writs of Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parlia-

menc fur that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has often been improperly delayedfor

Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sheriff or

Stewart Lepute or aubstitute of any County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

shall, within fix free Days after receiving the Writ or Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Par-

liament, direct the Notices required by Law to be given as to the Time and Place of Election of a

Member for such County or Stewartry; and that the Day of Election appointed by the Sheriff shall not be

sooner than fix free Days, nor later than fifteen Days after the Day of Publication at the Church Doors*

"Sheriffs De-

putes or Sub-

ftmites, A*c. to

d.rest, within

fix Days alter

receiving the

■\Vr.ts, tile No-

tices requacd

to be given for Elections of Members, &c.

None but

Sheriffs De-

putes, &c. or

II. And whereas Doubts have been entertained by whom the Writs for Election of Members to serve

lor the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ should be received and

6 1 4 executed.

