tricesimo sept

C. 123

125

6 59

Persons com-

pelled to take

such Oaths, not

justified, unless

they declare the

fame within four

Days*

ment, purporting or intended to bind the Person taking the fame to engage in any mutinous or (editions Pur- luntarily, to be

pole; or to duturb the public Peace; or to be of any Association, Society, or Confederacy, formed for any such &uil,y Ff’

Purpose; or to obey the Orders-or Commands of any Committee or Body of Men not lawfully con- able wUhTeven

stituted, or of any Leader or Commander, or other Person not having Authority by Law for that Pur- Years’ Trans-

pole; or not to inform or give Evidence against any Associate, Confederate, or other Person; or not to portation.

reveal or discover any unlawful Combination or Confederacy; or not to reveal or discover any illegal Ad

done or to be done; or not to reveal or discover any illegal Oath or Engagement which may have been ad-

ministered or tendered to or taken by such Person or Persons, or to or by any other Person or Person?, or

the Import of any such Oath or Engagement; shall, on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be

adjudged guilty of Felony, and may be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years ;

and every Person who shall take any such Oath or Engagement, not being compelled thereto, shall, 011

Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and may be transported for any

Term of Years not exceeding seven Years.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Compulsion shall not justify or excuse any Person

taking such Oath or Engagement, unless he or (lie shall, within four Days after the taking thereof, if not

prevented by actual Forte or Sickness, and then within four Days after the Hindrance produced by such

Force or Sickness shall cease, declare the fame, together with the Whole of what he or she shall know

touching the fame, and the Person or Persons by whom, and in whose Presence, and when and where, such

Oath or Engagement was administered or taken, by Information on Oath before one of his Majesty’s Juf-

tices of the Peace, or one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or his Majesty’s Privy Council;

or, in case the Person taking such Oath or Engagement shall be in actual Service in his Majesty’s Forces

by Sea or Land, then by such Information on Oath as aforesaid, or by Information to his Commanding Officer.

III. And be it further enacted, That Persons aiding and affixing at, or present at and consenting to, the

administering or taking of any such Oath or Engagement as aforesaid, and Persons cauling any such Oath

or Engagement to be administered or taken, though not present at the administering or taking thereof, shall

be deemed principal Offenders, and shall be tried as such, although the Persons or Person who actually ad-

ministered such Oath or Engagement; if any such there shall be, thall not have been tried or convicted.

■ Tent, to be deemed Principals.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary, in any Indictment against any Person or InMi&ment*

Persons administering, or cauling to be administered or taken, or taking any such Oath or Engagement as

aforesaid, or aiding or assisting at, or present at and consenting to, the administering or taking thereof, to

set forth the Words of such Oath or Engagement; and that it shall be sufficient to let forth the Purport of

such Oath or Engagement, or some material Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Engagement or Obligation whatsoever, in the

Nature of an Oath, shall be deemed an Oath within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, in whatever

Form or Manner the fame shall be administered or taken; and whether the fame shall be adkually admini-

ftered by any Person or Persons to any other Person or Persons, or taken by any Person or Persons with-

out any Administration thereof by any other Person or Persons. . ' ‘

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed

against this Act on the High Seas, or out of this Realm, or within that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land\ shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or

Claol Delivery, for any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form

as if such Offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land^ shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, either before the Judiciary Court at Edinburgh,

or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That any Person who shall be tried, and acquitted or con-

vided of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again, for the

fame Offence or Fad, as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason; and that nothing in this Act

contained shall be cor.strued to extend to prevent any Person guilty of any Offence against this Act, and

who shall not be tried for the fame as an Oft'ence against this Act, from being tried for the fame as High

Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Persons aiding,

&c. at taking

such Oaths, or

caufingthem to

be administered,

though not pre-

it shall be suffi-

cient to set

forth the Pur-

port of such

Oaths.

Engagements in

the Nature of an

Oath, to be

deemed Oaths,

See.

Where Offences

may be prose-

cuted.

CAP. CXXIV.

Persons trie*

under this A&,

not to be tried

again for the

fame Offence ;

but if not so

tried, may be

tried as for High Treason, lcc«

An Act to make perpetual an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An

Atl to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts*—[ 19th July 1797*]

44 5 Geo, 2. c. 30. recited, and made perpetual.”

Mb Wj . CAP. CXXV. . ;

An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity

of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease,

to the IflandS of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Use of the In-

habitants of the said IQands, for a limited Time.—[19th July 1797.]

w

“ prohibit the Exportation of Corny Mealy Flour, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corny and

TW 4 Q* “ other

37 Oeo. 3. c. 7;

