8io

C. 60. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

less previously

paid (for Want

of Notice) to the

Collector, or un-

lef» the Value of

the Estate is re-

duced; in which

latter Cafe the

Cccupier shall

rot be liable to

pay n ore than

46. in the Pound

on his Rack

Relit; or in case

of any Abate-

ment of the.

Land 'l ax, such

Sum only as

shall then be

charged (hereon;

to be recovered

of such Occupier

as Kent.

Inc^feofReduc-

tien of the Value

of the Estate, the

Purchaser of the

Land Tax may

have his Option,

either to receive

a S\im adequate

ta 1 he Deficiency

of the old Tax,

or so miu h 3 per

Cent. Stock as

will produce

z-ioth or 1.5th

more than such

Deficiency, ac-

cording to the

original Con-

tract.

Receiver Gene-

ral wilfully re-

iufing to pay

Land Tax to a

Purchaser, to-

Surfeit tool to

the Party

grieved.

Receiver Gene-

ral paying to the

Person appear-

ing by the Re-

gifttr to be enti-

tled, shall be

indemnified.

Where Land'

Tax is pur-

chafed, and any

Abatement

t»!ces place, the

Receiver Gene-

ral to make good

the Deficiency to

the Purchaser,

unless he has rc

ceived back an

Equivalent in

Stock.

Ste 8z. 80.

A.D. 1798.

for such Payment, it shall be lawful for such Purchaser or Purchasers, or the Executors, Administrators,

or Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers, to cause Notice of such Default to be given to the Occupier

or Occupiers of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, on which the Land

Tax so purchased shall be charged, and such Occupier or Occupiers shall be obliged to pay the fame upon

like Demand, unless such Occupier or Occupiers shall have previously paid the fame, for Want of such

Notice, to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place wherein such Land Tax shall arise, or unless

the Yearly Value of the Estate whereon such Land Tax shall have been charged, (estimating such Value

by the Rack Rents, and thehigheft Improvements made of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments,) shall be reduced, so that the Estate shall be charged with a higher Rate than four

Shillings in the Pound on such Value, in which Cafe the Occupier or Occupiers shall not be liable to the

Payment of any greater Sum than after the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound on such Value, or unless

the Land Tax charged on such Manors. Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (hull by any

Abatement thereof be reduced to a Sum less than the Sum charged on the fame Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of the Purchase, in which Cafe such Occupier or Occupiers

shall not be liable to the Payment of any greater Sum than the Sum charged on such Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time when such Demand shall be made; and in case of

Neglect or Refusal by such Occupier or Occupiers to pay the Land Tax so payable as aforesaid, such

Occupier or Occupiers not having before paid the fame, all the Remedies which may be practised by any

Lcfl'ors or Landlords shall be applied and put in Execution for the Recovery of any Land Tax purchased

in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually as if all such Remedies were severally and separately re-

enacted in the Body of this Act: Provided always. That in case of any Diminution of the Sum to be paid

by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Land Tax, his, her, or their Exe-

cutors, Administrators, or Assigns, by reason of such Reduction in the Value of the Estate charged there-

with, such Purchaser or Purchasers, nis, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have

the Option of continuing to receive a Sum necessary to complete in each Year the whole Annual Amount

of the Land Tax originally purchased, or of receiving back from the Commissioners for the Reduction of

the National Debt so much Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities originally trans-

ferred, in pursuance of the Contract, as shall yield an Interest exceeding the Amount of the Sum by which

the Land Tax originally purchased shall have been diminished by one tenth Part, or one fifth Part, or other

Proportion thereof, according to the Terms of the original Contract; and the said Commissioners are

hereby authorized and required, on the Production of the Certificate of the Commissioners for executing

the Act of the present Session and this Act, of such Abatement, or an attested Copy thereof, (which Cer-

tificate or Copy the said last-mentioned Commissioners are hereby required to give, after making any

Allowance of such Abatement,) to transfer such Capital Stock to such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Receiver General in England, or Collector in Scot-

land, of or for any County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, where any such Land Tax shall be purchased

as aforesaid, or his Deputy, shall (having sufficient Money in his Hands arisen out of the Land Tax, or

out of any other Rates or Duties receivable by him as such Receiver General or Collector) wilfully negledfc

or refuse to pay to the Purchaser or Purchasers, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of

such Purchaser or Purchasers, within the Time hereinbefore limited, the full Amount of the Land Tax

so purchased as aforesaid, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, fych

Receiver General or Collector shall forfeit and pay to the Party grieved the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

to be recovered as hereinafter is directed. HMII

LX'XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Receiver General or his Deputy

in England, and every Collector in Scotland, and every Collector of any Parish or Place in England, paying

-any such Land Tax to any Person or Persons, appearing by any Register kept by the proper Officer to

be appointed for that Purpose, under the Direction of this Act, or by the Certificate of such Officer, to be

the Person entitled to such Land Tax, shall be indemnified in making such Payment, notwithstanding any

Defcdl of Title in the Person or Persons receiving the fame.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Purchase shall be made of any Land Tax as a

specific Charge on any particular Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or where

any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, entitled to Preference, shall have made his,

her, or their Option, to be considered on the Footing of a third Person purchasing the Land Tax> and any

Abatement shall afterwards take place in the Sum charged at the Time of such Purchase, the Receiver

General in England, or Collector in Scotland, of or for the County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, within

which such Land Tax is charged, is hereby authorized and required, upon the Production of the Certificate

of the Commissioners for executing the Act of the present Session of Parliament and this Act, of such

Abatement, or an attested Copy thereof, to pay the full Amount thereof, free of all Charges and Deduc-

tiens whatever, and without Fee or Reward, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in like Manner, and

out of such Monies, and at such Times of Payment as is herein directed for the Payment of the Whole of

the Land Tax purchased, unless such Person or Persons shall have received back a Proportion of Capital

Stock in lieu of such Abatement, according to die Provisions of this Act.

If LXXXVL And

