722

and what Coats,

Wajrgom, &c.

the Owners arc

willing to tur-

rtish for the pub-

lic Scivice, &c.

His Majesty

may require the

Lieutenants to

appoint Officers,

Sec. to be ready

for training Men

willing to en-

gage, tec.

If the Lieute-

nants shall not,

in' the specified

Time, signify

to his Majesty

the Names of a

Sufficient Num-

ber of Officers,

See. his Majesty i

His Majesty may

require the

Lieutenants and

Deputies to hold

Meeting*, and

the Clerks, Arc.

to attend them,

for the Execu-

tien of this Act.

Lieutenants and

Deputies, Jus-

tices, tcc. to

havp the Hire

Powers as they

have by the

Militia Laws ;

and to obey such

Orders as they

shall receive, un-

der this A<3.

The Lieutenants

or Deputies to

issue Warrants,

as required by

his Majesty, to

the Constables,

See. to cause Re-

turns to be made

to the Subdivi-

fion Meetings,

on Oath.

His Majesty, in

certain Cafes,

may authorize

the Lieutenants

ami Deputies to

C. 27.

Anno triceftmo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 179

I

I

which may be useful to an Enemy, or applicable to the public Service, within the said Counties, Ridings,

Stewartries, Cities, and Places respectively ; and which of such Boats, Barges. Waggons, Carts, and

Horses, the Owners thereof are willing tofurnish, in case of Emergency, for the public Service, either gra-

tuitoufly or for Hire, and with what Number of Boatmen, Bargemen, Drivers, and other necessary At-

tendance, and upon what Terms and Conditions; and of all such other Particulars as his Majesty shall re-

quire, for the Purpose of enabling his Majesty, and the Persons acting under his Majesty’s Authority, to

give such Orders as may be necessary for the Removal, in case of Danger, of such Persons as shall be in-

capable of removing themselves, and for the Removal of all Boats, Barges, Waggons, Carts, Horses, Cattle*

Sheep, Hay, Straw, Corn, Meal, Flour, and other Provisions. Matters, and Things aforesaid, or for the

Employment thereof in his Majesty’s Service, or otherwise, as the Exigency of the Cafe shall require, and

enerally to give such Directions touching such Matters respectively, as may be deemed moil likely todc-

eat the Views of the Enemy, and mod advantageous for the public Service.

II. And be it further enacted, 'That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy

Council, to order and require, from Time to Time, as his Majesty shall Ice Occasion, the Lieutenants, or

Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants aforesaid, to appoint proper Otiicers to be ready for arraying,

training, exercising. and commanding such Men as shall he willing to engage themselves to be armed,

trained, andexereded as aforesaid ; and also proper Persons to be in like Manner ready, in case of Need, for

superintending and diredling the Execution of the several other Duties which may be needfary to be done

for the several Purposes hereinbtfoie mentioned; such Officers and other Persons to be appointed in such

Numbers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as his Majesty shall think fit to order and direct,

such Lreutcnants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, fiift signify ing to his Majesty

the Names and Ranks of all Officers so to be appointed, and the Purposes for which tncy are so to be ap-

ointed, and appointing such Officers only as his Majesty shall approve: Provided always, that if the said

ieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall not, within the Time which

maybe specified in the Orders which shall be given for such Purpose, signify to his Majesty the Names of a

sufficient Number of Officers, whom his Majesty shall approve, for the Command ol such Men as afore-

said, and appoint such other Persons as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his

Majesty to appoint so many Officers, and other Persons, as thail be necessary lor such Purposes.

uyappoint them. ' i

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order under his Sign Manual,

to authorize and require the several Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforefa.d, to hold such General and

Subdivision Meetings, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, as his Ma-

jesty shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for the Execution of this Act, and to require, for such Purposes,

the Attendance of the Clerks of the several General Meetings and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy,

within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and of all other Persons whole Af-

fiftance shall be necessary for carrying into Execution this Act, in such and the same Manner, and with the

fame Powers and Authorities, as by the several Acts now in force, concerning the Militia Forces of this

Kingdom, is provided, with respect to such Militia Forces, so far as the Provisions in such Acts respectively

are applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said [/ieutenants, and their Deputy Lieutenants, and the De-

Lieufenants acting as Lieutenants as aforesaid, and all Justices of the Peace, Constables, Tytningmen,

-feadboroughs, and other Officers, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, have the like Powers and Authori-

ties todo, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, refi edlively, all such

Acts, Matters, and 'Things, as shall be required by his Majesty to be done by them respectively in the Exe-

cution of this Act, as they respectively have to do the several Acts, Matters, and Things by Law re-

quired to be done by them respectively, by any Act now. in force concerning the Militia Forces of this

Kingdom. -,V 1 .

V. And be it further enacted, Thatall Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Con-

ftablcs, and other Officers, and all other Persons, shall obey such Orders as they shall relpechvely receive

under the Authority of this Act, and the several Provisions herein contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties,

Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places aforesaid, within such Time as they shall be required by his Ma-

jesty lo to do, shall issue Warrants to the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Of-

ficers, of every Parish or Place, within the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, and Places afore-

said, to cause Returns to be prepared and made, touching the several Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, as

his Majesty shall direct, for their respective Parishes and Places; and such Constables, 'Tythingmen, Head-

boroughs, and other Officers, shall make such Returns severally. and respectively to the said Deputy Lieu-

tenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, according to the Warrants which shall be ifl’ued for such

Purposes, and shall verify the fame, upon Oath, before such Deputy Lieutenants.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in case of actual Invasion of this

Kingdom, or if his Majesty shall fee special Cause to apprehend that such Invasion will be actually attempted

by the Enemy, to authorize and empower, by Order under his Sign Manual, the said Lieutenants and De-

puty Lieutenants, or agy of them, on any Emergency, and on the Requisition of the Officer commanding

3 within

E5,

