364-

and so much

thereof as refers

to the recited

Act of 13 It 14

Car. II. or as

mentions Pots

of Butter, re-

pealed.

Act to com-

mence July t,

1796, and Act

13 and 14 Car.

II. and Parc of

4 Will, and

Mary, to be re-

pealed.

Act not to ex-

tend to Scot-

land.

29 Geo. III.

Cap. 57. 31

Geo* 111* Cap.

52. and 33

Geo. III. Cap.

3, recited.

From Expira-

tien of the pre-

sent Session this

Act to >>e put in

Execution for

three Years.

Pawnbrokers

allowed to take

the following

Hate for Profit.

1

«# 1

C. 87.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

4 within the Manor of Hubberston and PHI, in the County of Pembroke: And whereas all the said three fe-

4 veral Acts last mentioned contain a Clause referring to the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth of

4 Charles the Second, and to the Penalties in the fame Ait ;* be it further enacted, That so much of the

said A& of the ninth of King George the First, and of the said Ait of the seventeenth of King George the

Second, and of the said Ait of the thirtieth of his present Majesty, respeitively, as severally refers to the said

Alt of-King Charles the Second, and also so much of the fame three several Aits respeitively as mentions

Pots of Butter, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; but the fame three several Aits respeitively, in

other Rcfpeits, shall be and remain as if this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enaited, That this Act shall commence and begin to be in Force on the first Day

of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.; and from and immediately after the Com-

mencement of this Act the said Statute of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, and also so much of the said Statute of the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and

Queen Mary, as discharges any Person from the Effeit of any Part of the said Ait of the thirteenth and

fourteenth cf King Charles the Second, exprefledto be for preventing any Fraud in the Seller of Butter, after

the Faitor or Buyer hath contraited for the fame, shall be, and the fame are and is hereby repealed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enaited. That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to that

’ Part of Great Britain called Scotland. ' f i,.

Offl -It lit j - , , 1 J. / JL # if? r. ” “*>

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.-—[14th May 1796.] rl

r / 4i^ . , j_ - *

4 t T WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, io-

W tituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, which was to be in

4 Force for one whole Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament: And

4 whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty , first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Ait of the

4 twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was continued for one whole Year, and from

4 thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-

4 third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Ait passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign was in Part repealed, and, subjeit to such Repeal, continued from the Expiration

4 thereof for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

4 liament: And whereas the said Ait of the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign requires

4 some Amendments, Alterations, and Additions; and it would be convenient for the Magistrates, and be-

4 ncficial to the Pawnbrokers and the Public, if the Powers of the said Ait, with such Amendments, Al-

4 terations, and Additions as are requisite, were consolidated and reduced into one Ait of Parliament, to be

in Force for a limited Time May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaited; and be it en-

aited by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That the said Aits, passed in the twenty-ninth, thirty-first, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, shall be, and the fame are

hereby declared to be in full Force and Effeil until the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament; and

from and after such Expiration this Act shall commence and take Effeit in lieu and instead thereof, and

be put in Execution for and during the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament. .

II. And be it further enaited, That, upon and from the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful

for all Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take,

of and from all and every Person and Persons apply ing or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned

or pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the following Rates, over and above the Principal Sum and

Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawn-

broker shall be obliged to re-deliver the fame 3 videlicet,

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and |fix

Pence, the Sum of one Halfpenny, for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not

exceeding one Calendar Month, and the fame for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current

Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and six Pence, one Penny Half-

penny. A > ‘ '-1* v:. y

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, two Pence. 1

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and six Pence, two Pence Half*

penny.

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, three Pence: C

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen Shillings and six Pence, threepence

Halfpenny:

For every Pledy?c upon which there shall have been lent one Pound, four Pence; and so on piogreflively

and in Proportion for any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings: .1 v i U.. - J|j jbjj v ,

F*or every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum of Money exceeding forty Shillings, and

not exceeding foity-two Shillings, eight Pence:

S » And

