A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo odavo G e o r g i i III.

C. 50.

769

Persons, who shall be either natural-born Subjects of his Majesty, or Persons naturalized or made Denizens,

or Aliens having Licence to reside in this Kingdom, such Security to be approved by such Justice of the

Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate; and if such Security shall not be given, it shall be lawful for such

Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, and he is hereby required, to commit such Alien to

the Common Gaol, there to remain until he or she can be sent out of this Kingdom by Warrant from one

of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Licences, Allowances of further Time to obtain Licences,

PafTports, and Allowances of Paftports, herein directed to be obtained, shall be given without Fee or Re-

ward, and shall be subject to no Duty or Charge whatsoever.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ambassador, or other Public Mi-

mister duly authorized, nor the Domestic Servants of any such Foreign Ambassador or Public Minister,

registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws in Force for that Purpose, or being actually at-

tendant upon such Ambassador or Minister, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Act:

Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall affcdl any Alien in respect of any Act done or

omitted to be done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of fourteen Years at the

Time when such Act was so done or omitted to be done: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise

whether any Person alleged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provisionsof this Act, or any of them, is an

Alien or not, or is or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions, or any of them, the Proof that such

Person is, or by Law is to be deemed to be a natural-born Subject of his Majesty, or Denizen of this

Kingdom, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, or if an Alien, is not subject to the Provisions in this Act

contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Act, or which shall be expressed

in any Proclamation or Order in Council as aforesaid, or in any Special Warrant from one of his Majesty’s

Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, shall lie on the Person so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject

to the Provisions of this Act, some or one of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which any Person shall be adjudged to be

transported in pursuance of this Act, the Transportation shall be adjudged to be, and shall be, to such Place

or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct or appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported in

pursuance of this Act, shall be found at large within this Realm, after Sentence of Transportation pro-

nounced, he or she shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of

Clergy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Act imposed, exceeding the Sum

of one hundred Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his

Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in Wales, or the Courts of the

Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or by Action, or Summary Bill or Information in

the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the Cafe shall require, wherein no Essoin, Privilege,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties

by this Act imposed, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, shall, on Conviction of the Offender

upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where the

Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand,

after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is

hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City,

or Place, .where such Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months ; and

no Writ of Certiorari, or of AdvocatiQn or Suspension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the

said Justice, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Pro-

ceeding thereupon.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be

deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence

against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the

Penalty incurred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or pro-

fecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by Colour of this Act, or of any

Matter or Thing therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of

three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed ; and such Person or Persons shall and

may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if

upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Prosecution, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant

or Defendants upon Demurrer, or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him

or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained,

may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and also the said Act passed in the thirty. third-Year

of his Majesty’s Reign, shall have Continuance until the first Day of in the Year one thousand eight

hundred, and thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

• 38 Geo. III. £ - 5 G CAP.

Licences, See to

be given gratis.

Ad not to ex-

tend to Foreign

Ambassadors

nor their Ser-

vants:

nor to Aliens

not upwards of

14 Years old.

Proof to lie on

the Party ac-

cused.

Transportation

to be to such

Place as his Ma-

jc fty in Council shall HH

Persons fen-

tenced to Trans-

portation founA

within the

Realm to fuftfer

Death.

Recovery of Pe*

nalties.

Offenders to be

committed for

Want ofDi ft refs.

No Writ of Cer-

tiorari, See. to be

allowed touch-

ing pecuniary

Penalties.

Inhabitants may

be Witnesses.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Iffus.

Treble Costs.

Ad may be al-

tered or repealed

this Session.

( e. 77.,

Continuance of

this and the re-

elect Ad. ,

