XXVI

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly

stamped ; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of

Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors ; and for

indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the

Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of

their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace wirhin the

Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for

that Purpose.

12. An Act to continue several Acts, made in the thirty-fifth

and thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, rc-

spedling the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize

in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for

that Purpose, for a limited Time.

13. An A (St to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Dudley Canal Navigation, to raise a further Sum of Money

for completing the said Navigation; and for amending

the several A<5ts relating thereto.

14. An A<St for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of

F.xcise on Auctions, Bricks, Cocoa Nuts, British and

Foreign Spirits, and Tea.

15. An A<St for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of

Customs, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported

into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise

within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals,

when brought or cariied Coastwise ; and for applying the

Money to arise by virtue of an Act, paired in the fafT

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Reduction of

the Draivbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Export-J

ation of Sugar; towards defraying the increased Charge

occasioned by any Loan granted, or Stock created, by any

Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament.

16. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty

on StageCoaches.

17. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional

Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation

of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and

from Scotland to England.

18* An Act for altering certain Rates of Postage for Con-

veyance of Letters in England and Scotland respectively,

and of Packets to and from Great Britain, from and to

Portugal and the British Colonies in America respectively;

and for felting apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for

a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Post Office,

the Annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, towards de-

fraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan

raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the

thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

19. An Act for the more effcdlually securing the Stamp

Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds.

20. An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of

this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, Trans-

port, and Exchequer Bills.

2 r • An Act authorizing His Majesty, for a limited Time, to

make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to

and from the Cape of Good Hope,

a2. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pro-

viding an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and

exercised in the Manner therein dir efted, and for enabling

His Majesty to cause the fame to be embodied, in case of Ne-

cejjity,for the Defence of these Kingdoms. 1

23. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for en-

abling His Majesty to raise a prcvisional Force of Cavalry,

to be embodied, in case of NeccJJity, for the Defence of these

Kingdoms. . • >:/. .• .JT

24. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising

-a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in Eng-.

fond, for the Service of His Majesty*s Army and Navy.

25. An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia

Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Mid-

dlesex.

26. An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all

Navy, Victualling, and franfport Bills, that mail be issued

in future.

27. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of

j* Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by

Way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act

' for enabling His Majesty to dir eft the ljfue of Exchequer

Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the

Manner therein mentioned5 and for granting further Relief

to Persons connected with and trading to the Blands of

Grenada and Saint Vincent,

z8. An Act to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes

of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England

Tor Payment of Sums of Money under five Pounds.

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from Guinea Port, in the Parish of Saint Breock, in the

County of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the Parish of

Bodmin, in the said County ; and also a certain Collateral

Cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthern Bridge, in

I the said Parish of Bodmin.

30. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Grantham Canal Navigation, to finish and complete the

fame, and the Collateral Cut to communicate therewith ;

and for amending the Act of Parliament passed in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut.

. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise

Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, and to

extend the Provisions now existing, respecting the present

Stock of the Company to the said increased Stock.

32. An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation

of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for refraining the Negoti-

ation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange\

■ 1 ii3rs ‘ ~ " ~ ri

3

funder a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain

called England. , 1 f J

33. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

34. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore*

35. An Act.for appointing Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax,

to be raised tn Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

36. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a Na-

vigable Canal from and out ofa certain Branch of their said

Navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endont to

or near the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford; and

also a Reservoir for supplying the several Canals of the said

Company with Water.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulat-

ing the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United Stares of America, so far as the fame relate

to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging

to the said United States.

38. An

37

t

. him m ‘‘f * i! r. Jb *• ' * t- * 1

