u

ll

u

C(

u

C(

«(

C(

tt

a

n

((

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 73, 74.

<c vide themselves into fix Committees 5 and establish Rule for Attendance. No Orders of Committees

“ valid unless five Directors or Guardians are present. Guardians, &c. appointed by the former ACts to

M have the fame Powers. Meetings of the Directors and Guardians appointed by the former ACts, regu-

44 lated. All the Directors and Guardians may attend Weekly Committees. Clerk to summon Weekly

44 Committees. Directors and Guardians, before they aCt, to take an Oath. Times of holding Quarterly

44 Meetings. No Business valid unless nine Directors, tjc. be present at a Quarterly Meeting, in case

44 of Non-attendance, Clerk may adjourn the Meeting. How Vacancies by Death, are to be filled up.

44 Three Directors and Guardians may call a General Meeting. Chairman to be appointed. Directors

may administer an Oath; and may appoint Officers, and a Clergyman to instruCl the Poor, &c. Con-

veyances good. Workhouse may be repaired. Old Contracts to be valid. Contracts may be entered

into for Work to be performed. Fourteen Days Notice to be given of Directors Meetings for making

44 Contracts. No ContraCt valid till confirmed at a subsequent Meeting. All Contracts for Building,

to be confirmed by Vestry. Form of Indorsement. No Director to hold any Office, or enter into Con-

tract. All Contracts to be entered in Books. Orders to be entered in Books, and good Evidence. Fur-

niture, Apparel, provided for the Poor vested in Directors. Donations and other Monies to be paid

to the Treasurer. Names of Benefactors to be put up in the Church, &c. Directors may fell or let the

old Infirmary Hpufe or Lands; and may make Bye Laws. No Bye Laws to be valid till confirmed at next

44 General Meeting. Overseers of the Poor, Constables, &c, to aid, assist, and obey Directors. 5/. Pe-

44 nalty for Refusal or Neglect of Duty. Overseers, &c. aggrieved, may appeal to the Sessions. Persons

44 taking Apparel, htc. ol the Poor into Pawn, to forfeit 5/. Overseers may take up wandering Poor not

belonging to the Parish. Directors, fcsV. empowered to apprehend Vagrants, and all disorderly Persons

neglecting to maintain their Families, and to employ such Persons in ufetul Labour. Further Powers re-

specting disorderly Persons. How long Children may be kept in the Workhouse. Children may be sent

to Service; or may be bound to be Apprentices. No Apprentice to be turned over without Consent of

44 Directors. How Persons guilty of embezzling any Goods may be punished. Penalty on Officers pur-

loining Money, Materials, &c. Directors may provide a convenient Stock of Materials for employing

44 the Poor. How the Profit of their Labour is to be applied. Punishment for cursing, swearing, disobey-

ing of Orders, &c. Encouragement may be given to industrious and skilful Poor. Directors and

41 Guardians to appoint an Officer to relieve casual Poor. Officer to account for Money expended, &c. at

14 Weekly Meetings. Notice to be given of the Appointment of such Officer to Churchwardens, &c. with

44 Orders to them not to relieve casual Poor. Money expended after such Orders not to be repaid. Direc-

44 tors, may grant Certificates to Persons willing to remove. How Justices are to proceed on Com-

44 plaint of DireSors and Guardians. Justices may aCt, notwithstanding their being Directors. For-

feitures and Penalties to be paid to the Treasurer. Directors, to bear their own Expences. Time

44 of making Rates. Old Rates to be deemed good, Rates to be assessed. Poor Rate. Highway

Rate. Watch Rate. Paving Rate. Repairing and Cleansing Rate. Inhabitants not living in Streets,

not to pay to the Paving, Lighting, or Watch. How Houses in Cavendish Square to be rated. What

44 shall be deemed a House in the Square. Rates for Watering Streets. Inhabitants to consent to watering

44 Streets, &c. Rates to be allowed by two Justices. Rate to be collected before Quarter Day. Under-

44 tenants, liable to the Rates. For reimbursing the Tenant. No Tenant to gain a Settlement.

44 Rates of Houses let to Ambassadors to be paid by the Landlords. Persons quitting Houses or Premises

44 before Payment of the Rates, and Persons entering in such Houses or Premiles, to be subject to the Pay-

44 ment thereof for the Times of their occupying the fame. How empty Houses, tftc. are to be rated.

44 Public Buildings and dead Walls to be rated. By whom said Rates to be paid. Unfinished Houses, CsV.

44 to pay to the Rates. How and by whom payable. Rates to be paid, where Goods are taken in Execu-

44 tien. On Refusal to pay Rate, how to be recovered. Collectors not to keep above 100l. in their Hands.

Application of Monies. Money may be borrowed on the Credit of Rates. Monies to be applied to the

44 Purposes for which borrowed. Clause to pay off the Principal Sum borrowed on the Credit of the five

hundred Pounds, paid by the Trustees of the Turnpikes. Money may be borrowed on the Poor Rate,

not exceeding 15,000l. Vestrymen to borrow Money for large Repair under paving Act. Securities tu

44 be entered in Books. Money borrowed by the Directors and Guardians of the Poor. Old Securities,

44 and Bonds, fcfr. good. Creditors to be paid by Ballot. Notice to be given to the Persons whose Bonds

44 are to be paid off. Principal not demanded, Interest to cease. A certain Proportion of the Rates to be

44 applied in Discharge of the Money borrowed. Surplus of Paving Rate to be applied in Discharge of the

44 Money borrowed. Power to borrow Money at lower Interest to discharge Securities at a higher. Forn*

44 of Security. Security may be transferred. Transfer, Clerk’s Fee. Entries of Proceedings under

44 former Acts good Evidence. Inhabitants deemed competent Witnesses. Fines and Penalties, how to

44 be levied and recovered. Form of Conviction. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form;

44 nor Party be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, for subsequent Irregularity. Plaintiff not to recover if Ten-

44 der of A mends hath been made. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter or General Sessions.

*4 Notice of Appeal to be given. Proceedings not to be quaftied for Want of Form; nor removeable by

44 Certiorari. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. How the Expences of this ACt

44 shall be paid. Public ACt.” ' ,

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Keti/mgtonr in the County

of MiddltftXy and for lighting and watching the said

oting therewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances

-[ -to, ,»sJ , CAP

u

C(

«c

44

*39‘

t

