734

©ricr In Coun-

cil, dated Aug.

6, 1794}

and Order In

Council, dated

March 30,

179S, recited.

Proceedings

under the said

Orders upon

C. 37, 38. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

K Every Contributor of 100/. to be entitled to a Principal of 150/. in the 3 per Cent. Confols ; to commence

44 from Jan. 5, 179S, with a Principal of 50/. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced ; and an Annuity of 4s. nd. for

44 61 Years and 9 Months, both to commence from/for/7 5, 179$. Contributors who have made Deposits

44 at the Bank to pay the Remainder of Subscriptions by instalments. Exchequer Bills made out pursuant

44 to 37 Geo. III. Cap. 10. not exceeding 491,500/. &c. or pursuant to 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144. not exceeding

44 500,000/. to be received as Cash. Contributors possessed of Exchequer Bills issued under Cap. 20. of this

44 Session, and contained in Schedules annexed to this Act, may pay the fame on Account of certain

44 instalments specified, &e. Guardians may l'ubscribe for Infants. Discount to be allowed on Payment

44 of the Whole of the Subscriptions in Advance. Contributors entitled to certain Annuities, which shall be

“ paid half yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they

44 may be transferred. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein specified, to be

44 entitled to Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. Bank to

44 appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier

44 for Payment of the Annuities. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before

44 Ofl 22, 1798. Cashier to give Security for paying the Money he receives into the Exchequer. A Book

44 to be kept in the Accountant General's Office, for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate whereof

44 to be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions,

44 entitled to Annuities Tax free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. Annuities

44 to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant

44 General to keep Books for entering Transfers. Stock may be devised." Transfers not liable to Stamp

44 Duties. Treasury may defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the

44 Cashier and Accountant General. The 3 /. per Cent. Conlols. under this A61 to be added to the Joint

44 Stock of 3/. per Cent. Confols. : The 3/. per Cent. Reduced to be added to the Joint Stock of 3/.

u per Cent. Reduced. Annuities of 4*. 1 id. to be added to the Joint Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years.

44 Annuities granted by this Act, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts

44 for Contributions,^, guilty of Felony without Clergy. Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities

44 hereby granted cease. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annui-

4< ties, on Penalty of 20/. Bank may retain, by three equal Portions out of the Payments to be made in

44 July^AuguJi^aw^ September, the 3,000,000/. advanced on Exchequer Bills issued under Cap. 8. of this

44 Session. Persons sued may plead the General Issue. Treble Costs.” , \W1|

.CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for declaring the Validity of two Orders in Council, dated the sixth Day of

August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the Time of appeal-

ing in Prize causes ; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted afeer such Time

shall have elapsed, in such special causes as His Majesty, by any Order in Council,

shall authorize.—[7th May 1798.] \ *.*i*fp|

4 T T WHEREAS an Order was made on the sixth Day of Angiift one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

4 W four, by his Majesty in Council, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to lay,

“ Whereas, in many of his Majesty’s Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies, Sentences of Condemnation

44 have passed against Ships and Goods belonging to the Subjects of the United States of America: And

44 whereas, from Ignorance of the Rules respeSting the Times for appealing, or from Inability to find the

44 Security required, or from other just and reasonable Impediments, the Claimants have been prevented from

44 duly entering and prosecuting their Appeals from the said Sentences : And whereas, it has been repre-

44 Tented to his Majesty on their Behalf, that they are desirous of entering and prosecuting the fame, his

*44 Majesty is thereupon pleased, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order, and it is hereby

44 ordered, that the said Parties shall be admitted to their respective Appeals, notwithstanding the ordinary

44 Time for entering and prosecuting the fame may be elapsed, provided the fame are entered and prosecuted

44 within a reasonable Time, to be approved by the Lords Commissioners of Appeals in Prize causes:’'

4 And whereas Doubts have been lately entertained respecting the Validity of the said Order: And

4 whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed : And whereas an Order was made by his

4 Majesty in Council on the thirtieth Day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, declaring,

4 that it was his Royal Intention in the former Order that Appeals from Sentences given in the V ice Admiralty

4 Courts of Bermuda and the Babatna ljlands, should be permitted under the Authority thereof, and that Parties

4 complaining of Sentences given in those Courts should be entitled to the full Benefit of the said Order;’

be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That the said Orders, and all Proceedings duly had or to be had, according to

and under the Authority of the said Orders, upon Appeals from Sentences given in the Vice-Admiralty

6 Courts

