The TITLES of the STATUTES,

11

16. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in

the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parlia-

ment made respecting the Mijitiaof this Kingdom.

17. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execu-

tien an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be

raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one

thousand /even hundred and ninety-five, together with those

named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners

of the Land Tax.

18. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to ejla-

blish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island ;

and for better enabling his Majesty to establifh such Court

in the said Island. 1

19. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the pre-

sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a

certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England,

for the Service of his Majesty's Navy.

20. An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on the

Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Wade Silk, and Tim-

ber, and on the Exportation of British Rock Salt, ajid

Coal.

2j. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Doans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year onethou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five.

22. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-five.

*3. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for

the Reduction of the National Debt.*

34. An Act further to continue an Act, made in the thirty-

third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this

Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes.

25. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the

Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

26. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulat-

ing the Trade between the Subjectsof his Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United States of America, so far as the fame relate

to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging

to the said United States.

27. An Act for altering*, amending, and rendering more ef-

fedlual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in

the thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of the Reign of his late

Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for

ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom

as relates to the Militia cfthe City of London; and for the

better ordering the fame.

28. An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Sea-

men, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Ma-

rines, serving in his Majesty’s Navy, to allot Part of their

Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

29. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the

several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Ser-

vice of his Majesty’s Navy.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and

for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds

given as Security for the Payment of one hundnd Pounds

or under, contained in an Act of the twenty-bird Year

of his present Majesty’s Reign. I

31. An Act for extending the rrovi/ions of an A<^ made in

the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his preferijMajesty,

to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Shacks, or

Yawls, of any Built whatever; for amendingan Act,

made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign d his pre-

sent Majesty, more effectually to secure the Peformance

of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws dative to

the Revenue of Customs; for amending an Adbmade in

the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present idajesty,

intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes,

with rrfpeft to the bringing and landing certain Price Goods

in this Kingdom; and for authorizing the Comnissioners

of Excise at Edinburgh' to grant Licences to Manufac-

turers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Li-

mits of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh.

32. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy

and Victualling Bills.

33. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britiin called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-ifth Day

of Match one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

34. An Act for enabling the Magistrates, in the several

Counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under cer-

tain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as

shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in his

Majesty’s Navy. k

35. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to

Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

36. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

37. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two

millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and

Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the grant-

ing a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Li-

nens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Impor-

tation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to

the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation

of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and to the prohi-

biting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and

Velvets; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to

prohibit the Exportatidh of 'Fools and Utensils made use

of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom ;

and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen

employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond

the Seas.

39. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon

Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works, in the

County of Pembroke.

40. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant to the Right

Honourable John Earl of Upper Offory in the Kingdom of

Ireland, Baron Upper OJfory, of Ampthill, in the County

of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the

Kftate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in his Ma-

jesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Farming Woods,

in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northamp-

tn, *and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and

other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton^

to which the said Earl of Upper Offory is entitled for three

Lives, under a Grant from his present Majesty, upon a

full and adequate Consideration to be pa»d /or the fame.

4.1. P 1 Act to continue the Term, a^d alter and enlarge

the Powe.s, of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Maj^ty, intituled, An Act for

y1 « Vci deepening^

