494

Rates.

Rates ertaHIlh

by first recit-

Ad to and

from Portugal,

aftd by the

second to and

from America,

icpealed.

The following

Rates to be

taken for Letters

to and from

Portugal.

Rates.

The following

Rates to be taken

for I etters to

and from t|ie

British Domini

ons in America.

Rates.

Letters to or

from Portugal

or America

chargeable with

the Inland

Rates.

Mode of charg-

ing Letters by

Weight.

Ad not to alter

the Charge of

Portage on

Single Letters

from or to Non-

com mi fTioned

Officers, Sec.

established by 35

Geo. ill. Cap.

53-

tVovisions of

Acts relating to

the Port Office,

not hereby re-

pealed or alter-

, to continue

in Force.

Rates to be paid

to the Receiver

General of the

PoH Office, and

to

C. 18. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1796.

For the Port srd Conveyance of every Single Letter one Penny ; for every Double Letter Two-pence ;

for every Treble Letter Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four-pence; and so in Proportion

for every other Letter or Packet of greater W eight than an Ounce.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

her late Majesty Queen Anne, as establishes Rates of Postage fur Letters from and to London, to and from

Portugal] and so much of the said Act, made in the fifth Year of your most Gracious Majesty’s Reign, as

establishes Rates of Postage for Letters from and to London, to and from the British Dominions in America,

shall, from and after the said fifth Day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and

the fame are hereby repealed ; and thar, from and after the said filth Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s roftmaster General, and his

Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cefibrs, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters,

Packets, and other Things, which shall be carried or conveyed from or to the Kingdom of Great Britain, to

or from the Kingdom of Portugal, a Packet Postage according to the several Rates herein-after mentioned;

that is to say, * f $ Tt 'H•:

Per all Letters and Packets, pa fling from any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to Lisbon, or to any

other Port in the Kingdom of Portugal, and from any such Port into Great Britain; for every Single

Letter one Shilling; for every Double Letter two Shillings ; for every Treble Letter three Shillings; and

for every Ounce in Weight four Shillings; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater

Weight than an Ounce. - Wfy \

V. And be it further enacted. That from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand (even

hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty *s Postmaster General, and his

Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cefiors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every Letters, Packets,

and other Things, which shall be carried or conveyed from or to the Kingdom of Great Britain, to or from

any Port within the British Dominions in America, a Packet Postage according to the several Rates herein-

after mentioned; that is to say,

For all Letters and Packets patting from any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any Port within

the British Dominions in America, and from any such Port into Great Britain; for every Single Letter one

Shilling; for every Double Letter two Shillings; for every Treble Letter three Shillings; and for every

Our.ce in Weight four Shillings; and (bin Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight

than an Ounce.

VI. And be it further enacted, That over and above the Rates aforesaid, all Letters and Packets patting

to or from Portugal, from or to that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, or to or from the British Dominions

in America, from or to that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be charged with the full inland Rate of

Postage hereby established, according to the Distance such Letters and Packets shall be conveyed within

England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and with the full Inland Rate of

Postage now payable, together with the additional Rate of Postage hereby established, according to the Dis-

tance such Letters and Packets shall be conveyed within Scotland. ‘

* VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Letter or Packet, together with the Contents

thereof, shall be rated at an higher Rate of Postage, according to the Rates and Duties hereby granted,

than as a Treble Letter, unless the fame shall be one Ounce in Weight; and that all Letters and Packets

of the Weight of one Ounce, shall be rated as four Single Letters, and in Proportion for every Quarter of

an Ounce above the Weight of an Ounce, reckoning each Quarter of an Ounce as a Single Letter.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter,

or be construed to increase or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rates of Postage upon Single

Letters to be sent by the Post by or to Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, on their own

private Concerns, whilst such Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Privates, shall be employed in

his Majesty’s Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, and Marines, made payable by an

Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of ycur most Gracious Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Aof for further

regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-comm ’(find

Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Navy and Army, whilst on Service, t) send and receive Letters at

a low Bate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an

easter Rate than is now allowed by Law; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wise notwithstanding. ,

IX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Dif-

abilities. Penalties, and Methods for the Recovery of the fame, and all other Matters and Things in

Force, at the Time of patting this Act, and contained in the said Act, made in the ninth Year of the Kc gn

of her said late Majesty Queen Anne. or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame refa.es

to the Post Office, (and not repealed or altered by this Act,) shall continue in Force, and shall be applied

and extended, and mall be construed to apply and extend, to this present Act, as fully and effectually* to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

present Act. < !* 1

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from

Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of tnc Post Office, who shall

pay the fame (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying, and accounting for the fame being hrft deducted)

iuto

