426

*6 Geo. III.

Cap. 107.

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 16.

Lieutenants of

Counties, ap-

pointed by vir-

tue of the first

recited Act, to

carry this into

Execution:

In their Ab-

sence Deputy

Lieutenants

may aft.

If a sufficient

Number of qua-

' Ujied Persons

cannotbe found,

Officers in the

Army, or who

have retired

from the Army

or Militia, may

be appointed,

though not

qualified.

Number of Pri-

vate Men to be

as fellows.

[Totalfor the 40

Counties in Eng-

land, *9,441.

For the 12 in

Walcf, 4437*

Total to be raijed

under this Act;

63,378 ; The

Humber raijed

under fiat 26

Geo. 3. c. 107.

is 30,740 ; mak-

ing in the whole

54,618 befidestbe

Augmentation by

Volunteers al-

lowed under fiat.

34GC0. 3.X.16.]

C. 2, 3. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

tional Officers of the said Duties on Salt which shall or may be hereafter appointed and employed in the

laid Receipt, Management, or Government, to be applied in Aid of the Assessiuent to be laid upon the

said Division, District, Parish, or Place, by virtue of this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the

Manner therein directed •, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the fame to be em-

bodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

■ [nth November 1796.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, a certain Number of Men arc directed to be raised

in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, to serve in the Militia; and by another Act,

passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Atlfor augmenting the

Militia, the several Regiments, Battalions, and Companies of Militia, have been augmented by such

Numbers of Volunteers as his Majesty hath, under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Act, thought

proper from Time to Time to add thereto: And whereas, in order to prevent or repel any Attempt

which the Enemies of the Country may make to effect a Descent upon this Kingdom, it is expedient to

augment the Militia Forces in such Manner, and to provide that such Augmentation may be trained, and

exercised to Arms, without Delay, and embodied in case of Emergency :* May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty’s Lieutenants, constituted and appointed by

virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, for the Counties, Ridings, and Places hereinafter

mentioned, {hall respectively have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm,

array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons, and in such Manner, as is hereinafter directed;

and the said Lieutenants shall also have, and are hereby veiled with full Power and Authority, to carry this

Act into Execution, and to appoint a proper Number of Officers acting with the Regiment, Battalion, or

Company, raised by virtue of either of the said Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-fourth Years aforesaid,

for such County or Riding, or such other proper Persons as are duly qualified and approved of, according

to the Directions of the said former Acts, or this Act, or such other Persons as are hereinafter described, to

be Officers of Militia, to train, discipline, and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed, accord-

ing to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter mentioned, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and

T hings necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually, as they

are authorized to carry into Execution the said former ACts, or any of them ; and that in the Absence of any

Lieutenant, or where there shall be no Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, duly authorized by his Majesty,

may aft in all Things touching the Execution of this Act, as they might do in the Execution of the said

former Acts. - I

» 4

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Officers acting with the

Regiment, Battalion, or Company, raised by virtue of the said former Acts, for the County, Riding, or

Place, or of Persons qualified as aforesaid, cannot be found to accept of Commissions in the Supplementary

Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants

respectively, to appoint for that Service, such a Number of the Officers in the Army, whether on Full or

on Half Pay, or of Persons whd have had Commissions in any of his Majesty’s Forces, or in the Militia,

and have retired therefrom, as his Majesty shall approve, although not duly qualified as aforesaid ; such Offi-

cers not to be appointed, on their first Appointment, to any higher Rank in the said Supplementary Mi-

litia, than they respectively have, or have had, in his Majesty’s other Forces or in the Militia.

HI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall

be as follows; [thatis to fav,) . .j

For the County of Bedford, two hundred and fifty-four.

For the County of Berks, seven hundred and forty-nine.

For the County of Bttcksy six hundred and sixty-two.

For the County of Cambridge, six hundred and forty-

T.*' . 1 . r /v /1 ^ 1 .1 /"i* j

fix.

For the County of Chester9 with the City and County of the City of Chester> one thousand four hundred

and sixty. f LJ 'j ‘ KJ

For the County of Cornwall, eight hundred and twenty-eight.

For the County of Cumberland, one thousand one hundred and eighty.

For the County of Derby, one thousand six hundred and sixty-six.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand six hundred

and ninety-four. ^ TfV iiiKbj&lHI

For the County of Dorft, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole^ one hundred and eighty-five.

For the County of Durham, eight hundred. . Wt* M

7 For

