A.D. 1796, Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 4*

No. 9.

F 0 R M of Notice by Overseers, to the Regulating Officer s, of appeals.

To A. B. Regulating Officer (or, to A. B. C. D. and E. F. Regulating Officers) at

under an Act, intituled, [HereJet forth the Title of the Ash]

WHEREAS you, as such Regulating Officer, have rejedlcd A. B. produced before you as a Volunteer

to serve in his Majesty’s Army, (or Navy, as the Cafe may be,) as unfit to serve his Majesty, and we J. IV,

and T. B. Overseers of the Parish of for Name of Place), for which Parish

(or Place) the said A. B. was tendered to serve, think ourselves aggrieved by such Determination; Notice

is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our Intention to appeal against such Determination to the Justices

of the Peace, adlingin and for this District, to be 2flcmbied at the next Petty Sessions to beholden by virtue

of this Act. Given under our Hands this Day of

No. IO.

FORM of Return of Overseers to the fif ices of their Difrifl, at their Petty Sessions, of Persons enrolled.

§1 *■*?.. # *■ ^r^

Return of Persons enrolled as Volunteers to serve in his Majesty’s Army, (or Navy, as the Cafe

may be,) for the Parish of under an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of

the

Names. Parishes or Places for which they serve. Parishes or Places of Eirth or Settlement. Calling. Age. Sums agreed to be paid as County.

A. B. Parish of Parish of Yeoman 17

C.D. I; Town

C. D. 1 °verfeers-

No. 11.

FORM of Summons of Overseers ailing for Places that have made Default

M-----

District of

To A. B. and C. D. Overseers of the Parish of

WHEREAS the Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by the Parish of

(or if more than one, the Parishes of or Name of Place or Places,) has not been made

within the Time limited to you for so doing; this is therefore to require you to appear before the Justices

of the Peace in and for the said County, and acting in and for this District, to be assembled at a Petty Sessions

to be holden on the Day of at to answer for your Default

therein, and to be dealt with according to Law. Hereof fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

» Day of . ?\

PM , % ‘ ' No. 12.

FOR M of Summons of Inhabitants, et cetera.

To A. B. and C. D, Inhabitants of

WHEREAS we A. and B. Justices of the Peace acting for the District of in the

County of have lummoned before us T. IV, and Z, X. the Overseers of the Parish of

to answer for the Default in not having raised the Proportion of Men to be raised by the said Parish of

in obedience to the Order of General Sessions, and in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here Jet forth the

Title of the Act]; and on due Examination of the Premiles it having appeared to us that such Default hath not

happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the said Order, and that the fame hath been

unavoidable, but that the fame hath arisen through the wilful Neglect of inhabitants

of the said Parish of These are therefore to require you to be and appear before the Juf-

v» . trees

