A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 19

4 Commission under the Great Seal, authorize the Person to be appointed Governor, or the Lieutenant

4 Governor in the Absence of the Governor, of the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Islands

4 adjacent thereto, to convene, from Time to 'l ime, as Occasion may require* a Court of Judicature, for

4 the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours, as if committed within this Realm

would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treason, or Mifprifton thereof,

4 Felony, or Misdemeanor, which said Court shall proceed to try such Offenders after the Manner therein

4 mentioned : And whereas from the increased Number of Persons in Norfolk ljland, being one of the said

4 Islands adjacent to the said Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and from the Delay and Difficulty attend-

4 ing the Conveyance of Prisoners from the said Norfolk ljland to his Majesty’s Settlement on the said

4 Eastern Coast of New South Wales, the due Execution of the said Act hath been greatly retarded and im-

peded: And whereas for Remedy thereof, and to the End that the Benefits of the said Add might be

4 more effectually extended to his Majesty’s Settlement on Norfolk ljland, an Act was made and paired in

4 the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Judicature in

4 Norfolk Island : And whereas the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act are insufficient for the Pur-

4 poles thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the lame, and to make such Provisions for

4 the said Purposes as are intended to be hereby made be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act, passed in the last

Session of Parliament, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be* and the fame is

and are hereby repealed.

II- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may, by his Commission

under the Great Seal, authorize the Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering

the Government of his Majesty’s Settlement in Norfolk Island, to convene, from Time to Time, as

Occasion may require, a Court of Judicature for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and

M (behaviours, as if committed within this Realm would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws

of this Realm, to be Treason, or Misprision thereof, Felony, or Misdemeanor; which Court shall

consist of the Judge Advocate to be appointed in and for his Majesty’s Settlement in Norfolk

Islandy together with four Officers of his Majesty’s Forces by Sea or Land, and shall proceed to try all

persons who shall offend in any of the Premises, by calling such Offenders respectively before them, by causing

the Charge against him, her, or them respectively, to be read over, which Charge shall also be reduced into

Writing, and shall be exhibited to the said Court by the Judge Advocate, and by examining Witnesses

upon Oath, to be administered by such Court, as well for as against such Offenders respectively, and after-

wards adjudging by the Opinion of the major Pait of the Persons composing such Court, that the Party

acculed is or is not (as the Cafe shall appear to them) guilty of the Charge, and by pronouncing Judg-

ment therein (as upon a Conviction by Verdict) of Death, if the Offence be Capital, or of such corporal

Punishment, not extending to capital Punishment, as to the said Court shall seem meet; and in Cafes not

Capital, by pronouncing Judgment of such corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb, as to the

said Court shall seem meet.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Marshall or other Officer to

be for that Purpose appointed by such Lieutenant Governor, or Person for the Time being administering

the Government of his Majesty’s Settlement in Norfolk ljland as aforesaid, shall cause due Execution of

such Judgment to be had and made, under and according to the Warrant of such Lieutenant Governor, or

Person for the Time being administering the Government of his Majesty’s Settlement in Norfolk ljland as

aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, and not otherwise: Provided always. That Execution shall not be had

or done on any capital Convict or Convicts, unless four Persons present in such Court shall concur in ad-

judging him, her, or them, so accused and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the Proceedings

shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved.

34 Geo. IIi|

Cap. 45, re-

34 Geo. III4

Cap. 45, re-

pealed.

His Majesty

may authorize

the Lieutenant

Governor of

Norfolk Island

to convene a

Court of Judi-

cature for Trial

of Offenders:

Who are to be

Members of it,

and how they

are to proceed.

Provost M.ir-

shall to execute

the Judgment

of the Court.

Unless four

Members con-

cur in adjudg-

ing capital

Offenders, the

Proceedings to be transmitted to his Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall be a Court of

Record ; and shall have all such Powers as, by the Laws of England, are incident and belonging to a Court

of Record. - «. . k ^ b ■

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act, nor any Commission or

Commifli6ns which shall be granted by virtue thereof, nor any Proceedings which may be had under the

lame, (hull in any Manner revoke, alter, prejudice, or aft’eft any Commission or Commissions heretofore

granted by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or of the said

Act hereby repealed, or any Proceedings under the fame respectively, further or otherwise than in such

Commission or Commissions, which shall be so granted by virtue of this present Act, shall be provided, ex-

p re lid, and declared. ~ '>

CAP. XIX.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act: of the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

/hi A3 for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the

Service of His Majesty's Navy.—[27th March 1795.] . '

Courtito.be a

Court of Re-

cord.

This A£1 not ro

aft‘e<ft any Pro-

ceedings under

the recited

ACiit uni.is

specified in

Commissions

granted under

it.

: W

4 the

35

IIP REAS by an Act, made and

a certain Number of Men

ide and passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising

, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Majesty*s Navy \

Imror'sl C nr nf Inrn n P idinrvr /\ m T ^ i a . /, J Y ? — )_

Ju dices of the Peace of the several Counties at large, Ridings, or Divisions, in England and Wales,

Ceo. III. G 4 arc

31 Geo. in.

Cap. 5, rcctteli.

