284. C. 25—27. Anno tricesimo sexto GEORGII III. A.D. 1796.

4C Lords of Manors, of Land taken from Commons, to be sufficient. Company to be charged to Parish

44 Rates, in Proportion to the Length of the Canal in each Parish. Quorum of Commissioners reduced to

44 five. Company not compelled to erect Stones on the Side of the Canal nearer each other than one Mile.

44 Materials not to be taken or worked on the Lands of Sir John Filtner, without his Consent. Further

44 Restrictions respecting the Lands of Sir John Filmer. Purchase Money for the Land forming the Re-

44 fervoir on Aldfnham Common ascertained, &c. Manner prescribed of applying the Proportion of the Pur-

• 44 chafe Money belonging to the Commoners; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money, that Land to

44 vest in the Company. A further Quantity of the Common may be taken for that Rciervoir. Expences

44 of the Act. Public Act.” \

• CAP. XXVI.

An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the Royal Exchange

Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.—[7th March 1796.J

Pr#amble recite*

Charter of

7 Geo. I.

The Corpora-

tien empowered

to make Aflur-

anceswithinany

Part of his Ma-

jesty’s Domi-

nions, or else-

where.

If any Action be

brought against

> the Corporation,

they may plead

the Central

Jffiie, and give

the special

Matter in Evi-

dence.

Public Act

Preamble recites

Charter of

7 Geo. I.

The Corpora-

tien empowered

t« make Aflur-

4 V T 7 HERE AS the Corporation called The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, is,

4 VV by virtue of a Charter of his late Majesty Kihg George the First, under the Great Seal of Great

4 Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty-ninth Day of Aprils in the seventh Year of his said

4 Majesty’s Reign, empowered to make 3ny Contraft for any Assurance or Assurances of the Life or Lives

4 of any rerfon or Persons whatsoever, or for any Assurance or Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Ware-

4 houses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever,

4 in England, finales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Kingdom of Ireland, or within any

4 other of the King’s Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever,

4 from Pire: And whereas Doubts have arisen, and may arise, whether, under the said Charter, the said

4 Corporation hath Power to make Assurance of any Life or Lives whatsoever, or of any Houses, Out-

4 houses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Mercfian-

4 dizes, in any Parts or Places, except those recited in the said Charter: For removing of which Doubts,

4 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and%Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. T hat, from and after the passing of this Act,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from F ire, and the

said Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from F ire, and their Successors, are hereby authorized

and empowered to make all and every the said Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons

whatsoever, or of any IToufes, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, from Fire, in all Parts and Places whatsoever, within any of his Majesty’s

Dominions, or elsewhere, in like Manner, and to the fame Extent, as they are respectively empowered to do

by the said Charter in the Places therein Verified. , x

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced,

brought, or prosecuted, against the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods

from Fire, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or concerning any A fib ranee or Aliur-

ances by the said recited Charter^ or hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted,

or concerning any other Matter or Thing herein, or in the said Charter above recited, contained ; the said

Corporation and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issue, and give the special

Matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act *, and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially

pleading the same. - : f

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain and enlarge the Powers contained in the Charter of the London Affur-

alice of Houses and Goods from Fire.—[7th March 1796.]

| X17HEREAS the Corporation called The London Afurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, is, by virtue

* V of a Charter of his late Majesty King George the First, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing

4 Date at IVcftminster the twenty-ninth Day of April, in the seventh Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, em-

4 powered to made any Contraft for any Afl'urance or Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons

4 whatsoever. or for any Assurance or Assurances of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses, Chambers, or

4 other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in England, Wales, or

4 the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within the Kingdom of Ireland, or within any other of the King’s

4 Dominions beyond the Seas, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, whatsoever, from Fire: And

4 whereas Doubts have arisen, and may arise, whether, under the said Charter, the said Corporation hath

4 Power to make Assurances of any Life or Lives whatsoever, or of any Houses, Outhouses, Warehouses,

4 Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings, or of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, in any Parts or

4 Places except those recited in the said Charter: For removing of which Doubts, may it please your Ma-

4 jesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the London Afl'urance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and the said London Aflur-

I

