443

ft l iking or dif-

obeying an

Officer.

Constables may

cause suspected

Deserters from

the Naval Ser-

vice to be ap-

prehended; and

if Justices find

them to have

been enrolled,

they shall com-

mit them, and

transmit an Ac-

count to the

Admiralty.

Gaolers to re-

ceive the Sub-

fistence of De-

ferters, but no

Fee.

Justices to order

ao s. to be paid

by the Collector

of the Land Tax

to the Appre-

hender of a De-

ferter from the

Naval Service.

Penalty of 5 1.

for concealing

Deserters from

the Naval Ser-

vice.

Application of

the Penalty.

Offtnders not

having sufficient

Dlftrefs, or not

paying the Pe-

nalty, may he

committed for

three Months.

Men enrolled

may be billetted

as the Marines.

Officers ap-

pointed in pur-

suance of this

Act, and their

Assistants, may

be billetted as

the Men to be

enrolled.

Places where

such Officers

are billetted

-maybeappointed

C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

t p 'M* k jB .1”* I 3* + -

be duly authorized by them for that Purpose, or shall (trike or use any Violence against any Officer or Offi-

cers under whose Command he shall be put, (such Officer or Officers being in the Execution of his or their

Duty,) or shall disobey any lawful Command of such Officer or Officers, all and every Person or Persons so

offending on Shore, in any such Part of Great Britai/i aforesaid, shall suffer Death, or such other Punish-

ment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted; and such Person or Persons, being apprehended or in Custody

for such Offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War in Commission,

at any of the Ports of this Kingdom, and there detained and tried for such Offence, in such Manner, and

by such Court, as if such Offence had beencommitted on board, or from on board, such Ship of War.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Head-

borough, or Tything Man of the Town or Place where any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act in his

Majesty’s Naval Service who may be reasonably suspected to be a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or

cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living

in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such Person; and if by

his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge

of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such Person is a Person duly enrolled in his

Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act, such Justice of the Peace shall, forthwith, cause him to be con-

veyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other

publick Prison, in such 7'own or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or to The Savoy, in case

such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Jveflminster, or Places adjacent, and

transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to the End such Person

may be proceeded against according to Law^ and the Keeper of fv'ch Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison,

shall receive the full Subfistence of such DefeTter during the Time he shall continue^in his Custody, for the

Maintenance of such Deserter, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprison-

ment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure and apprehend any Deserter

who shall have been enrolled in the Naval Service by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That such

Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax

loney, of the Parish where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying, out of the Land Tax Money

arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-(even, into the Hands of such Person

or Persons, who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty’s said

Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed;

which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall

be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XLII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any Deserter, from

his Majesty’s said Naval Service, knowing him to be such, every such Person so offending shall forfeit, for

every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, the said Penalties shall

be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of

the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer by whose

Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the

Officer to whom any such Deserter did or doth belong, to be credited by him in his Accounts; and in case

any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or De-

ferters, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may

be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Oft’er.ce, or shall not pay such Penal-

ties within four Days after such Conviction, then and in such Cafe such Justice or Justices shall and may, by

Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit such Offender to the Common

Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months.

XLIII. ‘And whereas there may be Occasion for the quartering of the Men'enrolled by virtue of this Act,

in several Parts of this Kingdom be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet

the Men enrolled in his Majesty’s Service, by virtue of this Act, while on Shore, (except in the City and

County of the City of London aforesaid,) in such Manner, and at such Times and Places respectively, and

under such and the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as his Majesty’s Marine

Forces may be quartered and billetted, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for the Regulation of his Majestys Marine Forces while on Shore, or by any other Act then in force for the

Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces. , ' ,

XLIV. ‘ And whereas there may be Occasion for quartering the Officers appointed by his Majesty, in

pursuance of this Act, and their Assistants, before any Men aic enrolled, and of opening Houses of Ren-

‘ dezvous for the Purpose of receiving such Men :f Be it further eiiadted, That it shall and may be lawful

to quarter and billet the Officers appointed by his Majesty to act in the Execution of this Act, and their rc-

spective Assistants, in such Manner, and under such and the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, Reftiictions,

and Provisions, as the Men to be enrolled in his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act may be quartered

and billetted; and that each and every the House or Houses, and Place or Places where such Officers shall be

quartered or billetted, or such of them as shall be thought necessary, it shall be lawful for the several auJ re-

spective Justices of the Peace, having Authority to ad in the Execution of this Act, or any two or more

