A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 16.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enafred, That nothing herein contained shall be con ft rued

to extend to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties now payable on

Carriages, in retpe<£l of any Carriage kept by any Person duly licensed to let out Horles lor Hire, in

pursuance ot an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and used for

the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, such Persons duly observing the Regulations of the said Act

with relpedl to such Carriages; nor to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the

Duties now payable on Servants, in pursuance of two Acts, passed in the twenty filth and thirty-seventh

Years ol the Reign of his present Majesty, in respect of any Waiter kept in any Tavern, Coffee

House, Inn, Alehouse, or in any other House licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by retail;

nor to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of the Duties now payable on Carriages

as aforesaid, in respect of any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or other Person, for the Purpose of

being lent or let out to Hire.

XXXIV- Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Hull he construed

to extend to charge the said additional Rate or Duty on the A mount of the Duties payable on Carriages,

in respect of any Carriages, by whatever Name or Names the fame shall be called, kept by any Person

duly licenced for that Purpose, to be employed as public Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose

of conveying Passengers fi r Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain.

XXXV, Provided also, and be it further enacted, That norhing herein contained shall be construed

to extend to charge any additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of any AfleiTirent or Assessments made

or to be made by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

inntuled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise aprovisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied^ in Caje of

Necejjity, for the Defence cf thtje Kingdoms^ or by virtue of another Act, passed in the same Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament,

intituled, 44 An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodiedy in case

44 of Necejfity, fir the Defence of these Ki gdomsP

XXXV I. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That any Person keeping Hounds, and paying a

Composition for the fame in lieu of the Duty imposed by an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty *, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Dogsy

shall not be aflclled to the additional Rate or Duty by this Act imposed, in respect of such Hounds, in

any greater Sum than in the Proportion of the Rates hereby impole^ estimated on the Amount of the

Sum paid lor such Composition.

XXXVII And be it further enacted. That the additional Rate or Duty hereby granted on the

Amount of the Duties now payable on Houses, W indows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, shall be

charged only upon the Occupiers for the Time being of the Houses or Tenements in respect whereof

the said Duties now payable are charged, and noton the Landlord or Landlords who let or demise the

fame, (except in the Cafes hereinafter mentioned ;) any Covenant or Agreement made or entered into

previous to the passing of this Act, relative to the Payment of any Duties or Aflefimentsto be imposed

upon such Houses or Tenements, or upon such Occupiers in respect thereof, or to be imposed on the

Amount of the said Duties now payable, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, -T hat where the Landlord of any House or

Tenement is or shall be, in respect thereof, charged to the said Duties now payable, then and in such

Cafe the Amount of such Charge shall be added to any Assessment of the said Duties now payable,

which shall have been made upon the Occupier of such House or Tenement, before the additional Rate

or Duty hereby imposed shall be computed on such Assess'ments, and such Computation shall be made

on the Aggregate of the Sums contained in such Assessment after such Addition is made, as if the Oc-

cupier had been charged with the Sum to added ; or where no Assessment of the said Duties now payable

is made on such Occupier, then the Amount of the said Duties now payable and charged uj>on such

Landlord shall lorm the Basis of the Assessment of the said additional Rate or Duty to be made upon

such Occupier, which shall be calculated upon the Amount thereof, as if the Occupier had been

charged therewith, subject nevertheless to the Exemption hereinbefore declared, or to such Abatement

thereof as the Occupier ol such House or Tenement would have been entitled unto, if he or she had been

charged to the said Duties now payable in respect of such House or Tenement.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any House shall be divided into dif-

ferent Storks, T enements, or Lodgings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families,

the immediate Landlord or Owner of such House shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof,

and shall be charged with and liable to p3y the additional Rate or Duty hereby imposed.

XL. And be it further enacted, for the mutual Accommodation of Landlords and Tenants, That

if any Landlord, at the Desire of his Tenant, shall advance Monies for the Purpose of discharging the

Duties imposed upon such Tenant by this Act, such Landlord shall be entitled to recover such Monies,

with lawful Interest, at the l imes and by the Instalments agretd upon between them, by all and every

the Remedies and Remedy to which he is entitled for the Recovery of his Relit; and if any Tenant

shall, at the Desire of his Landlord, for the like Purpose, advance to his Landlord any Monies, it shall

be lawful for such Tenant to deduct the fame, with lawful Interest, out of his Relit, at such Times

and by such Instalments as shall be agreed upon between them, in the same Manner as he is by Law

entitled to deduct Payments by him made in respect of the Land

695

nor to Carriages kept by Per-

rons licensed to let out Horses

for Hire; under 25 Geo. 3*

c. 51.

nor to Waiters;

[See 75 Ci9. 3. c. 43. 37 Gw. 3.

c. 107.J

nor to Carriages kept by Coach-

makers or others for being let

out to hire;

nor to public Stage Coaches or

Carriages conveying Passengers

for Hire ; [^25 G*9- 3* c• 5X*

*4]

nor to AflTcflments made under

Cavalry Atts 37 Geo. 3. c. 6,

and 23.

Persons paying a Composition

for Hounds, to be afftfled ac-

cording thereto.

• c. 124.

The additional Duties on

Houses and Windows, to be

charged upon the Occupiers.

See § 39.

Where the Landlord is charged

to the said Duties now payable,

the Amount to be added to the

AlTcfTrnent made upon the Oc-

cupier before computing the

additional Duty ; or where no

Assessment of the said Duties is

made on the Occcupier, the

Am unt charged upon the

Landlord shall form the Basis of

the additional Assessment on the

Occupier.

The Landlords of Lodging

Houses to be deemed the Oc-

cupiers.

How Landlords advancing

Money at the Desire of Te-

nants, or Tenants at the Desire

of Landlords, to discharge the

Duties, may recover the fame.

XLI. And

