A

T

A

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes

y

i/»i

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-ieventh Year of the

; of GEORGE TIL

PUBLICK ACTS.

X

Anno 37 Georgian.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty

f\ certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

3. An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to

be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed ;

and for enabling His Majesty to cause the fame to be em-

bodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these

Kingdoms.

jAn Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the

several Counties in England, for the Service of His Ma-

jesty’s Army and Navy.

An Act for raising a certain Number of JMcn in the

several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the

Service of His Majesty’s Army and Navy.

6. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a provisional

rorcc of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity,

for the Defence of these Kingdoms.

7. An Act to continue for a limited Time, and amend an

Ad made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

Att to prohibit the Exportation of Corn? Mealy Fleur, and

37 CrEO. Ill, I.li.

5

Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, and other

Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships

whatever, without Payment of Duty; and for permitting

Wheat, Wheat flour, and Meal, imported, in order to

obtain the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session

of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for

making Bread, to be used in the Manufacture of Starch,

Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Distillation of Low

Wines and Spirits.

8. An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act made tit

the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty

for permitting the Importation of Thrown SUL

rlax^ and Flax Seed\ into this Kingdom\ in Ships or Vessels

belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his

Majesty.

9. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy

Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills.

10. An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen millions by Wav

of Annuities. 7 1

11 A/.VA<? to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to regift er or deliver in their Qualifications within

the l ime limited by Law, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Offi-

cers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose

Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to

Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid,

c - ' ' am)

