716

C. 18.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Hfs Majesty may

order the Re-

mainder of the

Supplementary

Militia to bfcm-

bodied.

When his Ma-

Jcfty shall think

fit to embody

imy further Pro-

.portion than the

Half before men-

tioned, the Di-

rections herein-

before preferred

to be pursued.

His Majesty may

order any Sup-

plementary Mi-

litia not embo-

died, to be drawn

out in order to be

mustered or ex-

rcised.

5? very Person not

possessed of jool.

who shall he bal-

lotted and serve,

or provide a Sub-

ftltute, to be en-

titled to an Al-

lowance, but not

to extend to Per-

Tons chosen be.

fore pafih>S this

Art.

Cap. 107. §41,

*Oo ^.c.107.

S S3. &c-

His Majesty may

form the Militia

into Companies

of any Number

of Men and in-

create the batta-

lions, Regi-

ments, and Offi-

cers $ /

passed in this present Session of Parliament, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long

as any of the Persons returned in such Lift shall not have been chosen by Ballot, nor shall be then serving as

aforesaid. - ' * '

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

debar his Majesty from ordering th^ Remainder of the said Supplementary Militia, or so many of the

Remainder of the said Supplementary Militia, of any County, Riding, or Place, as his Majesty shall in his

Wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied, whenever the Occasion shall require, according to

the Provisions prescribed by the said Acts. . ;

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any

further Proportion of the Supplementary Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, than the Proportion of

one Half before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, or

three or more Deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respediyely required to

cause such further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as his Majesty shall order, and in so doing such

Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all

other Officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions hereinbefore prescribed for draw-

ing out and embodying the Proportion thereof hereinbefore particularly mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if during such Time as any Part of the Supplementary Militia

which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, pursuant to the Provirtons of the said recited

Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall continue embodied, his Majesty

shall deem it expedient that the Supidcmentary Militia of any County, Riding, or District, or any Part

thereof which shall not, at such Time, be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to

be mustered, trained, and exercised, for a limited Time, instead of being so embodied for Service, accord-

ing to the Provirtons of the said Acts and of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to direct the Lieute-

nants, or Deputy Lieutenants, of all or any of the said Counties, Ridings, or Districts, to cause the said

Supplementary Militia not actually embodied, or any Part thereof, of each or any of the said Counties,

Hidings, or Districts respectively, to be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained, or exercised, in such

Proportion, and for such Time, and at such Place or Places, as his Majesty shall think fit; and the fame

shall be mustered, trained, and exercised accordingly, for such Time, and in such Manner, as his Majesty

may direct. . r IW

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person not possessed of an Estate in Land, Goods, or

Money, of the clear Value of five hundred Pounds, who shall be, at any Time alter the parting of this Act,

chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, and shall be sworn and enrolled, or shall provide

a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be sworn and enrolled, shall be entitled to be paid a Sum

of Money not exceeding the Sum allowed to be paid by Overseers of the Poor to any Volunteer enrolled

in the said Supplementary Militia, nor such Sum of Money as shall be adjudged to be as near as may

be one Half of the current Price which shall be at that Time paid for a Volunteer to serve in the said

Supplementary Militia; which Payment shall be ordered, raised, and made, upon the like Oath of the

Party, in like Manner, and with the like Remedies, for the raising and paying the fame, as by an Act,

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*, is provided with respect to the ordering,

raising, and paying the Allowances to be made to Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia raised by

virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, if so chosen when such Militia

happens to be drawn or ordered out for actual Service: Provided always, that nothing, in this Act, or

in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or in any Act relating to the said

Supplementary Militia, shall be construed to extend to entitle any Person who has been chosen by Ballot to

serve in the said Supplementary Militia before the parting of this Act, to demand the Allowance aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in

that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, that no Company of the Militia, to be raised by

4 virtue of the said Act, shall consist of more than eighty Men at the mod:. And whereas it may be necessary,

in Cafes where the said Supplementary Militia shall be incorporated with the said other Militia, according

4 to the Provirtons of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or where

the said Supplementary Militia shall be formed into Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies, in

4 pursuance of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, to form certain Companies of Militia, con-

4 lifting of more than eighty Men in a Company :* Be it further enacted, That, from and after the pairing

of this Act, it shall be lawful, during the Continuance of the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid,

_ © 7 ^ a m C /v ft m ft ft ft ft ft Act V\l ft I n

ng, or Place, or the said Sup-

Mi

# b I en in a Company; and that

where the Number of Militia Men of any County, Riding, or Place, now formed into a Battalion, as

amounting to the Number of three Companies, and under eight Companies, shall, by incorporating the

Supplementary Militia therewith, be advanced to the Number of eight Companies, and not more than

twelve, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper, to cause the fame to be formed

into a Regiment, and such Number of Officers of such Rank refjieftively to be appointed, as by the said

Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid are allowed fora Regiment of Militia; and where the Number

of Militia Men of any County, Riding, or Place, now formed into an Independent Company or Com-

panies, as confiding of less than three Companies, shall, by incorporating the Supplementary Militft

7 therewith,

