D

795

tricesimo

C. 14, 15

269

5

1

them now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the computirg, surcharging, recovering, paying,

and accounting for, the said Rates and Duties by any former Acts granted, as far as the fame are. applicable

to the additional Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular Directions of this

Ail, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, praChfcJ, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom

0{Great Britain, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paving, and accounting for, the feveial addi-

tional Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur poles, as if the

fame or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and

Things, were particularly repeated and re-ena£ted in the Body of this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising by the said Rates and

Dut:es, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from Time to Time,

be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consoli-

dated Fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to arise of the Duty hereby

ranted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the

urpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts

afled or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten

cars next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public

Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during

the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising fiom the said Duty, and paid

into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in

this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered fepa-

rate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succellbrs, upon any Ac-

count whatever.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty New Duties on certain Horses, not charged with

Duty by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules.—[24th December 1795.]

* i• * M * ' f r f

1 Most Gracious Sovereign,

t 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards railing the necefi'ary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences,.

4 and making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased

4 Charge oqcafioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act for that Purpose to be passed in

4 this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Ma-

4 jetty the new Duties hereinafter mentioned ; and do most humbly beierch your Majesty that it may be

4 enadLd;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,a;id by theAucno-

rity of the fame', Thar, fio n and after the fifth Day of dpril one thousand ieven hundred and ninety-six, there

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for tnc Ule

of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not charged with any Duty by

the (cvcral Acts palleJ in the twenty fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign or h»s present Majesty, or

either of them, or by any Act to be p itted in this Session of Parliament, on Horses kept and used for the

Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage, therein respeitively mentioned, and for every

Mule, a Duty of Shillings to be the Owner.

II. And be it further enacted, T hat, for the better aflcifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-

mentioned Duties by this Act impoled, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who fh.ill be hereafter

authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses, and

Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Com-

rnitlioners for the Aftairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act, with relation to

the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers herein contained, in ail and fmgular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries,

Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, ( owns, and Places respectivtly, within the Kingdom

of Great Britain ; and that the several Surveyors, Inspectprs, Assessors, and Collectors respectively, appointed

put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be Surveyors, lnfj>edtors,

Alfirifois, and Collectors, to put. in Execution this present Act, according to the respective Powers and

Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commissioners, and other

t -e Pet Tons aforesaid, being duly qtialined to act in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned,

rj.ative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby reflectively empowered

and required to do all Things nectfiary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the aforesaid

Rites or Duties hereby impoled, in the like and id as full and ample a Manner, as they or any of them are

or is authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts, relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any

Duties so he

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Duties to be ap-

plied for defray-

ing the increased

Clarke occa-

sioned by any

ixwm of th.s

Session, and for

ten Years, to be

kept with otlur

Duties granted

for the fame

Purpose fepa-

rate tro.ii other

Monies.

Two Shillings

* to be paid an-

nually for every

Horse not

chargeable un-

der 24 Geo Ilf.

Cap. 31. ori9

Ceo. 111. C.i4>. 49. or by any Act of this Session, and for every Mule.

Duties to be.

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioner*

ior Taxes;

and the Sur-

veyors, Arc. un-

der bclore-men-

tioned A els, to

put this in

Execution../

Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Duties so to be attetted under this Act shall be paid

quarterly, at the Times and in the Manner following; (that is to say,) -on the fifth Day of January, the

w a Y l^e Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions;

vhc hilt of the said Payments to be made on the filth Day of Ttf/V.one thousand (even hundred and ninery- fix.

2 IV. And

Duties to be

paid quarterly.

