\

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 Geo. III.

i •

VIII

of York, andfeveral other Roads therein respectively de-

fer i bed, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from

Kighley to Halifax aforesaid.

152. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the

Road leading from the Great North Road, in the Town

of Stamford and County of Lincoln, through the Town of

Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at or near a

House called The Grefs Guns, in the Parish of Greetkam

and County of Rutland.

153. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike

. Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingjhn, in the

County of Northampton.

134. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts

naffed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late

iVJajesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North

End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns ofDwf-

; field and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town

^/Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the saidTown

of Duffield to The Moot Hall, in the Town of Wirkf-

worth, in the said County of Derby.

153. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

51 passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several

' Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another

Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

hi? said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more

effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge

the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth

S'ear of the Reign of King George the Second, for repair-

ing several Reads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far

as the fame relates to the District of Roads from InchbeUy

Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Red burn Bridge;

and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last

mentioned District of Road, so far as the fame relate to

the said Road from lnchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and for

more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keep-

ing in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching

fiorn the aforesaid Road from lnchbelly Bridge to Glafgcxv,

and leading to Odder Bridge, and from thence, by or near

Bahnore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and

from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Old

Kilpatrick, beginning at the Bridge across the /.lllander, on

the Road from Longbank Farm, by Balmulie Bridge to

Glasgow on the Eail, and ending at the said Town of

Old Kilpatrick on the Weft, and the Road branching from

the aforesaid Road from lnchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and

leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the

prcfeiit Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

156. An A^t for amending and repairing the Road from the

Neath Turnpike Road at or near Abernant, through Mcr-

tlyr TidvilL, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the

Public Rords near Rhyiy Bievu, in the County of Brecon.

157. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying and al-

tering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-

fourth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road

leading from the Taft'End of Brumpton High Lane to the

Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of

Lancaster ; and for repairing the Road leading from Rich-

mond, through Giiiing, Ale if only, and Aldbrough, to Lucy,

otherwise Loujy Crcjs, and from Giiiing through Gilling

Loum Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gother ley Moor;

raid for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East

End of the Town of Buinbridge, to and through the

Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of JKiddel, to Gear*

fones otherwise GrayJlones\ and for making, widening,

and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road; and

for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that

Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of

the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain Camm, to

Greenfide Gate, and from thence to Geaiflones otherwise'•

Grayjlones \ and also from the Reparation of that Part of

the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brump-

ton High Lane, and the Town of Richmond aforesaid.

158. An Act for repairing the Damage done by the late

Floods to certain Bridges, and 10 the Road, near the Town

of Done after; and for making the said Bridges and Road

safe and commodious for 'Travellers.

159. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three

several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fikth

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ea-

land to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County

Kof York. " /

160. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of three

Acts, made in the eighth and twenty-seventh Years of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine

0/Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the

County of York.

161. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the

County of Aberdeen,

162. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the thir-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening the Roads leading from Baftngftone,

near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlefham,

in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham,

in the same County, and from thence through Bentley, Hol-

lyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop’s Sutton, New

Alresford, and Mattinglcy otherwise Matterley Lane, to

the City tf/TVinchester, in the County 0/* Southampton.

163. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of Icveral Acts, passed in the thir-

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the First, the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, and the fifteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads

from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Weftwood Gate,

in the said County ; and from Luton, to Saint Alban’s, in

the County of Hertford,

164. An Act for continuing the Term, and repealing the

Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield,

in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage,

Hope, and Caftieton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of

Derby-; and from the Guide Post near Barber’s Fields Ou-

' pola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidef-

welL, H.irdg ate -wall, and Fairfield, to a House knertun by

the Sign of V he Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Der-

by ; and for granting further and other Powers for that

Purpose.

165. An Act for continuing the 'Term, and enlarging the

Powers of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

The Royal Oak, on Wrotbam Heath, to the Town of

Wrothara, in the County of Kent, and from thence to

Foot’s

J

