A.D. 1.798. Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g 11 III. C. 63,64,65.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of the several Articles in this Act mentioned

from Great Britain, and on the Importation of the fame respectively into the JJle of Man, pursuant to this

Act, all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, according to the Laws now, or

which hereafter may be in force relating to such Goods respectively so imported or exported, and to the

Payment, Recovery, and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, shall be,

and the fame are hereby declared to extend to this Act, the fame as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions,

and Authorities relating thereto, so far as the fame respectively apply, were particularly repeated and re-

enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. And whereas it may be expedient, under certain special Circumstances, to permit, fora limited

4 Time, the Importation into the J/le of Man of a larger Quantity of the several Articles allowed to be

4 imported into the said IHand, by Licence under the Authority of this Act \ be it therefore enacted. That,

during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord H:gh Treasurer, or the Com*

missioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue their Orders to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Custo.ns in Englafid or Scotland, to grant their Licence for the Importation into the 1 fie of Man of such

additional Quantity of the several Articles which are by this Act allowed to be imported into the said Bland

by Licence only, and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Necessity

of the Cafe being proved to iheir Satisfaction, shall in their Judgments deem fit and reasonable for the Use

and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Island. Consumpt

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the fifth Day of July one

thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

825

All Regulations,

fee. in force re-

lating to such

Goods imported

or exported, to

extend to tills

Act.

The Treasury

may ifTueOrders

to the Commis-

sioners of Cuf-

tomj to grant

Licences lor the

Importation of

additionaJQuan-

tities of the Ar-

ticles allowed to

be imported, for

ion in the island.

Continuance of

Act, July 5*

1S01.

Wm- v , - cap. lxiv.

m

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathingof the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight.—[*■ 1 ft June 1798.J

CAP. LXV.

An Act for preventing the Depafturing of Forests, Commons, and Open Fields, with

Sheep or Lambs infected with the Scab or Mange, in that Part of Great Britain called

England. — [21 ft. June 179b.]

WHEREAS there are within this Kingdom several Forests, Chafes, Woods, Moors, Marlhes,

Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands, and Open Fields, and other undivided and unindofed Lands,

4 capable of yielding great Profit, by breeding and maintaining Sheep and Lambs: And whereas

4 several Persons interested in such Lands turn out, keep, and departure thereon Sheep and Lambs

4 infected with a certain contagious Complaint or Disorder, commonly called "1 be Scab or Alange,

4 by which Means such Complaint or Disorder has gradually increased, and will, if such Practice

4 be not restrained, become general, to the great Injury not only of divers Individuals, but of the.

4 Public at large, such Complaint or Disorder rendering the Flesh of such Sheep and Lambs unwhole-

4 some, and destroying the WoolMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the ear of our Lord one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, if any Person or Persons whosoever shall turn out, keep, or departuie, in or

upon any Forest, Chale, Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, Common, Waste Land, Open Held, or other

undivided or uninclosed Land, any Sheep or Lambs infedied with such Complaint or Disorder called Scab or

Mange, or shall wilfully and knowingly turn out, keep, or departure, in or upon any such boreft. Chafe,

Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, Common, Waste Land, Open Field, or other undivided or unindofed

Land, any Sheep or Lamb which, at any 'l ime within the Space of six Calendar Months immediately pre-

vious thereto, shall have been infected as aforesaid, every such Person, on being thereof convidtedon the

Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or her Confession, bdore any one or more

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, DistiidI, or Place, wherein such Offence shall have been

committed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, fur every

such Offence, together with all reasonable Cells and Charges attending such Convidiion, such Costs and

Charges to be ascertained by the Justice or Justices before whom such Convidiion shall take place \ and lo

toties quoties as often as any such Sheep or Lamb shall be so turned out, kept, or depaflured-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day ot December one thousand

(even hundred and ninety-eight, the Owner or Owners of each and every Sheep and Lamb of he Age of

three Months, which shall be turned out, kept, or depastured, on any Forest, Chale, Wood, Moor, Marsh,

Heath, Common, Waile Land, Open Field, or other undivided or unindofed Land, shall caule such

Sheep and Lambs to be marked with the Initial Letters of his, her, or their Christian Name and Surname,

38 GEO.UL iO. w

From Dec. 25V

1798, if any

Person shall

turn out upon

any Forest, tec.

Sheep or Lambs

having the

Manger or

having been

within fix

Months infe£lcd

therewith, he

shall forte it net

inert than 10I.

nor kfs than

2CS. for each

Offence.

every aneep

Ljii.b three

Months old,

turned out on

any Forest, Jca.

{hull c a uTc thes^

