D.1795

tricesimo quinto

C. 49

95

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one

Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducing all Charges and Expences incurred in

recovering the fame, to be paid thereout or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be

entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers in respect to such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered j

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to

hear and determine any Offence against this A& which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not

exceeding twenty Pounds, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required uponany Informa-

tien exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed,

to fu nmon the Party accused, giving to each Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on

either Side, and to examine into the Matter of FadI, and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary

Confessionof the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or*W.itnefles, or other-

wile, as the Cafe may require, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and by

this A& is directed, to be divided, one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence

shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out

his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the levying the said Penalty so adjudged, on the Goods of the Of-

fender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to

the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer

the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding fix

nor less than three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if

either Party shall find himselfor themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they

shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture,

with such Costs as shall be awarded, in case such

Justices may

determine Of-

fences where

the Penalty

does not exceed

201.

Application of

Penalty.

Penalty may be

levied by Dif-

tre fs.

together

Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the

Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Divihon, Shire, Stewartry, or

Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of

which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Wit-

nefles upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Justice

shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing to pay such

Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet: Provided also, that in case the Party accused

of any Offence in using or wearing Hair Powder, without obtaining a Certificate according to this Act,

shall insist in his Excuse before the Justice of the Peace, that he has obtained a Certificate in any other

County or Place, and shall, on h»s Oath or Affirmation, allege and set forth the County or Place, and'

Time of obtaining the fame, it shall be lawful, at the Requeff of the Party accused, for the said Justice of

the Peace to adjourn the Hearing and Determination of the Complaint to a future Time or Times, to be in

the Discretion of the said Justice, in order for the Party accused to produce his Certificate, or such Entry

or Copy thereof, under the Hand of the proper Officer, as herein is directed; and if at the End of the

Time or Times so to be allowed, such Party shall not produce to such Justice of the Peace such Certificate,

or an Entry or Copy thereof as aforesaid, the said Justice shall proceed to the Hearing and Determination of

such Complaint in the Manner before directed: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Justice, where he shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit,

(reasonable Costs and Charges* f the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prose-

cuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation doth

not reduce the Penalties to less than the Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and

Charges; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or

Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall

negiebt or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Ex-

cute for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such justice of the Peace, or appea

appearing, shall refuse

to be examined on Oath and give Evidence before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then

every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in

such Manner and by such Means as is herein directed as to other Penalties.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice of the Peace before whom

any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner

and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis, (that is to say,)

4 Df it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord in the

County of A* B. of was convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty’s Justices

4 of the Peace for residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A. B.

6 on the Day of now last palt, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made

and provided, (here/late the Offence against the Act) \ and I do declare and adjudge that the said A\ B. hath

4 forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid, to be distri-

4 buted as the Law direbts. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

WVtch Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next

General or (Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place,

where such Convibtion was made, to be filed by the proper Officer there, and there to remain and be kept

among the Records of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place 5 and no such Con-

viction shall be removed by Certiorari, or other Process, into any Court whatsoever.

BflT XXX. And

Persons ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

Quarter Scf-

fions.

Costs may be

awarded.

Justice may

adjourn the

Hearing of a

Complaint,

where the Par-

ty insists that

he has obtained

a Certificate

in another

Place.

Penalties may

be mitigated.

Penalty on

Witnesses ne-

glecting to ap-

pear, or to give

Evidence.

Conviction may

be made out in

the following

Form.

Convictions to

be kept among

the County Re-

cords, and not

removable into

any other

Court.

