i!

II

i*

H

r

i

I

ni

i

i

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Gb org 11 III. C. 79, 80, 81.

863

Persons adjudg-

to be trans-

Cap. 41. of this

Session recited*

(Schedule A.)

VTIT. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person ordered or adjudged to be transported under this

Act shall be found at laige within this Realm after Sentence of Transportation pronounced, and before the (t(J and a^

Time shall be expired for which such Person was sentenced to be transported, he shall be guilty of Jbelony^ {ervvar(js found

and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy. at large, guilty of Felony without Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to holding or keeping Intelligence or Commencement

Correspondence as aforesaid, shall commence and take Effect, with respect to any Act done in this Realm, of Act.

on the first Day of duguji next; and with respect to any Act done out of this Realm and in Europe, from

and after the Expiration of three Months after the patting of this Act; and with respect to any Act done

out of Europe, from and after the Expiration of iix Months after the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXX. ;

An Act to exptain and amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An

Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs;

and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof—[28th June 1798.]

4 \X/HEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing

the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for granting to his

Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof \ the substituced Duties upon Male Servants are directed not to extend

4 to any Male Servant retained or employed solely for the Purposes of any 7'rade or Calling by which the

4 Master or Mistress of such Servant earns a Livelihood: And whereas Doubts may arise whether the

4 Matters or Miftreiles of Waiters hereinafter mentioned are thereby exempted from the said Duties:'

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament aflernbled, and by the Authority of the same, That the substituted Duties

granted by the said Act shall extend to and be payable for all Waiters in Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns,

Alehouse's, or any other Houses licer.fed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, except occasional

Waiters, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

W 01 f * «

i(i . .* except

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Duties imposed by the said recited Act on Male

4 Persons never having been married, in respect of their Servants, are to be charged in addition to any

4 other Duties to whico such Male Persons may be liable in respect of such Servants ;* be it therefore

enacted. That every Male Person never having been married, who shall retain or employ any Male Ser-

vant in any of the several Capacities referred to by the said Act, shall be charged with the respective Duties

to which any other Person or Persons may be charged, and also with the additional yearly Sum of one

Pound and ten Shillings, in the said Act mentioned, for every such Male Servant retained and employed by

such Male Person never having been married.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties to be charged by virtue of this Act shall be charged,

raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the fame Persons, and under the fame Powers, and in like Manner

in all Respects, as the fubttttuted Duties charged by virtue of the said Act are directed.to be charged, raised,

levied, coliedted, and paid.

'1 CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the better Execution of an Act: of the present Session of Parliament, intituled,.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Projection of the

War.—[28th June 1798.]

4 II /HEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to

his Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, the Commissioners for the

4 Affairs of Taxes are required to cause to be prepared, true Schedules of the respective Persons assessed to

the Duties therein mentioned in two or more Places, together with the Amount of their Assessments,

4 to be transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the said Act in their respective Divisions, in order

that the Persons assessed in two or more Places to the like Duties may be charged by virtue of the said

4 Act, upon the Aggregate of the said Assessments*: And whereas, for Want of due and sufficient Re-

4 turns of such Persons, the said Commissioners have not been able to complete such Schedules previous

4 to the Time appointed for signing and allowing the Certificates of Assessment to be made under the said

4 AftMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mon?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Commissioner*

his Majesty’s Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, from such further Returns as they shall have received of Taxes may

or shall at any Time receive, respecting the Assessments of Persons assessed in two or more Places to the from lurther

Kf , Dut* R*tun»r«spedb

The substituted

Duties thereby

granted to ex -

tend to Waiters

in Taverns, Sec.

occasional Ones.

Batchelors to

pay an addi-

tional annual

Duty of iL. ios.

for each Mai©

Servant.

Duties to be

charged, Scc. as

the substituted

Duties.

Cap. 16. of this

Session recited.

(See § 51. of

the recited uiSi.)

