260

C.8.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

Places liable to

Prosecution.

Government, or Management of any such House, Room, Field, or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and

taken to be a Person by whom the fame is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or pro-

fecuted, and punished as such, notwithstanding he or she be not, in Fadt, the real Owner or Occupier

thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Jud/ce or

Justices of the Peace, or Ch«tf Magistrate respeilively, of any County, City, Borough, or Place, who shall,

by Information upon Oath, have Reason to suspect that any House, Room, Field, or Place, or any Parts or

Part thereof, are or is opened or used for the Purpose of delivering Lectures or Discourles, or for public

Debate, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to go to such House, Room, or Place, and demand to be ad-

mitted therein ; and in case such Justice cr Justices, or other Magistrate, shall be refused Admittance to such

House, Room, Field, or Place, or any Part thereof, the fame shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place,

within the Intent and Meaning of this Awl; and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained rc-

spedting any House, Room, Field, or Place, hereinbefore declared tube a disorderly House or Place, shall

be applied to such House, Room, Field, or Place, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid,

and every Person refilling such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person who

shall sue for the same. . ’

Masistrates

who,by inform-

ation on Oath,

have Reason to

suspect that any

Place is opened

for delivering

LcdUires, &c.

lv.ay demand to

be admitted;

ami in case of

RefufaJ, the

PJice to be

deemed difor-

derly, and the

Person r.iufing Admittance to forfeit 1001.

Magill rates may

demand Ad.

mittance to any

licensed Place at

the Time of

delivering Lee-.

tures, &c. ar.dnf

jtfufed it shall

be deemed

diforderly$

and th? Person

reftifing Ad-

mittance shall forfeit icol.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice

or Justices of the Peace, or Chief Ms gill rate respectively, of any County, City, Borough, or Place, where

any such House, Room, or other Building shall be hcensed as aforesaid, to go to such House, Room, or

Building lo lice.'fed, at the Time of delivering any such Lecture or Diicourle therein as aforesaid, or at the

Time appointed for delivering any such Lecture or Dilcourse, and demand to be admitted therein ; and in

cale such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrate, shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, or

Building, the fame shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or

Place, within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained, respecting

any House, Room, Field, or Place, hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied

to such House, Room, or Building fc> licensed as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have been refuled as

aforesaid; and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any

Person who will sue for the same.

Justices may

Jiocnfe Places

for delivering

Lectures $ and

may revoke

Jbccovery of

forfeitures.

General I flue.

Treble Costs.

Ail not to ex

tend to Uni-

verfities,

por to Instruil,

ors of Youth.

^ ^ w

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enndled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for two

or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, or Place where any House, Room, or other

Building shall be, which any Person shall be desirous to open for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by Writing

under their Hands and Seals, at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Special Session to be

held for the particular Purpose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons defiling the lame, to open such

House, Room, or other Building, for the Purpose of delivering for Money any such Lectures or Discourles as

aforesaid, on any of the Subjects aforesaid, the fame being clearly expressed in such Licence, for which Li-

cence a Fee of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid, and the lame shall be in Force for the Space of one

Year, and no longer, or for any less Space of Time, therein to be specitied ; and which Licence it shall be

lawful for the Justices of the same County, City, Town, or Place, at any General Quarter Session of the

Peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in Force, by any Older of such Justices, a Copy whereof

shall be delivered to or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence so revoked shall have been granted,

or shall be left at the House, Room, or Building for which such ilicence shall have been granteJ, and there-

upon such Licence shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no Effect*.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person entitled to any of the For-

feitures aforesaid may sue by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty’s Courts Of Record at Westminster, or in

the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, when the Cause of Action shall nrile in Scotland, in which

Action it shall be fufheient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of

tbeing the Sum demanded by the said Action) being forfeited by an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the

teign of his M. jedy King George the Third, intituled, an Act for toe more effectually preventing Seditious

Meetings and AJJemblies $ and the Plaintiff, if he shall recover in any such Action, shall nave his full Cods :

Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance

and in Execution of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General liTuej and if a Verdict pal’s for the

Defendant, or the Plaintiff discontinue his or her Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment be given against the

Plaintiff, then such Defendant shall have treble Cods.

XVIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Ledturcs

or Discourses to be delivered in any of the Und erlines cf these Kingdoms, by any Member thereof, or any

Person authorized by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of such Universities re-

spectively. '

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Payment made to any Schoolmaster or other Person by

Law allowed to tend) and indiuct Youth, in respect of any Lectures or Discourses delivered by such School-

mader, or other Person, for the Indrudtion only of such Youth as shall be committed to his Instruction, shall

be deemed a Payment of Money for Admission-to such Lectures or Discourses within the Intent and Meaning

of this Act. x

' XX. Provided

