C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

twenty-one Days after the pacing of that Act, assemble together at some convenient Place in the said

County of (or Riding, or Division,) where the General (Quarter Seirions of the Peace have

heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions for the Purpose ot carrying effec-

tually into Execution the Powers given to them by the said Act, in pursuance of Notice to be given by the

Cleric of the Peace, with the Content of two Justi&s of the Peace, in any Newspaper usually circulated in

the said County of ' hve Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such

Court: Notice is hereby given that I ^ Clerk of the Peace for the County (Riding, or

Division) of by virtue of the Powers and in pursuance of the Direction contained in that

Act, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the Allent of A. B. and C. D, two of the Justices of the

Peace of the said County, (Riding, or Division,) a General Sessions, to be holden the

Day of next ensuing, at the of in the said County, (Riding, or

Division,) at the Hall there situate, at the Hour of in the Forenoon of the lame

Day, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution; and that I have in pursuance thereof directed

this Notice to be published in the Newspapers called The usually circulated in this

County, (Riding, or Division,) on the Day of next enluing, being

Days before the said Time of Meeting.

A. B. Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

FORM of Appointment of Number of Men to be raised in the everal D'flrifls

To be annexed to the Order to High Constable.

AT the General Sessions of the Peace, held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

on the Day of at We, the Justices of the

Peace in and for the County of assembled at the above Sessions of the Peace, do hereby

appoint the Number of Men to serve for the Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, Lath,

Wapentake, or District,) and also for each Parish, "Pithing, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor,

or extra-parochial Place, within the said Hundred, (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District,)

within the County of as follows j videlicet,

Name of Hundred(orCity, 1 Tow.*., Rape, Lath, Wa- I pentake, or District). Names of Parishes (or Ti- things or Places). % Number of Men for each Parish, (Tithin^ or Place).

[Hundred of (or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or Dif- Itridt, as the Cafe may be). Parish of (Tithing or Place) ' Parish of Parish of A. *) *2 Jp j: Parish of B.(H £ <3 Tithingof B. F So*5 a - - j 00 0 0 0 0

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the Day of

now next ensuing. Dated this Day of

No. 3.

FORM of Orders of the General Sessions to the Clsief Constables, Cfc,

or

M-

(or whatever their Description

( where

To A. B, Chief Constable of

To A, B. and C. D, Constables of

maybe,) or

To A* B. Constables of the Parishes of

more than one are united),

WE, A. B, C. D Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, assembled at a General Sessions,

held by virtue of, and for the Purpose of carrying into Execution, an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title

of the An,] do hereby require you to give Notice to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of

(or Tithing of or Name of Place % as it may be,) of the Number of Men appointed by us‘to

1

