A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 85—88.

c ney, not exceeding one Shilling and Sixpence a Week, as therein mentioned : And whereas such Allow-

4 alice is now insufficient for the Purpose for which it was intended Be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and

after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, 10 much of the said 1 aft recited

Act, as relates to the Amount of the several and respective Sums, not exceeding two Shillings and

Fourpence, and one Shilling and Sixpence, to be paid and allowed as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is here-

by repealed. ‘ *> g r

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every such’ Prisoner and Prison-

ers in Execution for Debt, on the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

who shall be by virtue of any Rule or Order of any Court ^entitled to receive from any Creditor or Cre-

ditors any Sum not exceeding the said Sum of two Shillings and Four-pence, to make an Application by Pe-

tition to the Court, in the Prison whereof such Prisoner or Prisoners shall remain and be charged in Custody,

praying that such weekly Allowance be ordered to be increased by virtue of this Act; and that upon due

Notice being given to such Creditor or Creditors of such Petition, it shall and may be lawful for such Court

to hear the Matter thereof, and by Rule or Order of such Court immediately to cause such Prisoner or

Prisoners to be discharged, unless such Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, doth or do insist upon such Prisoner or Prisoners being detained in Prison, and shall agree in the

Manner mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act, with respect to the Allowance not exceeding two Shillings

and Four-pence per Week, to pay and allow weekly a Sum not exceeding three Shillings and Sixpence, as

any such Court shall think fit, unto such Prisoner, to be paid at and for such Time or Times, and under and

subject to the like Regulations as in the said Act are expressed with respect to the said Allowance not exceed-

ing two Shillings and Four-pence per Week.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons, charged in Execution for

Debt at any Time or Times from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, would have been entitled to be discharged under the Provisions of the said Act last mentioned,

unless their Creditor or Creditors would agree as therein mentioned to pay and allow a weekly Sum not

exceeding two Shillings and Four-pence to such Prisoner, as any such Court as is therein mentioned should

think fit, it shall and may he lawful for such Court, by Rule or Order thereof, immediately to cause the said

Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged, upon such Prisoner or Prisoners executing such Alignment and

Conveyance of his or her Estate and Eftefts as is therein mentioned, unless the Creditor or Creditors doth

or do insist upon such Prisoner or Prisoners being detained in Prison, and shall agree, by Writing signed in

the Manner in the said last-mentioned Act, to pay and allow weekly a Sum not exceeding three Shillings

and Sixpence, as any such Court shall think fit, unto the said Prisoner or Prisoners, to be paid at such Time

and Times, and in such Manner, and upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and under the same Rules

and Regulations in every Respect, as in and by the said Act is provided with respect to the Allowance there-

by directed to be made.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where more Creditors than one shall have already charged,

or shall at any Time or Times hereafter, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, charge, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act, any Person or Persons in

Execution, and shall desire to have such Prisoner or Prisoners detained in Prison, each and every such Cre-

ditor and Creditors shall respectively pay such weekly Sum of Money only, not exceeding two Shillings, on

every Monday in every Week, to or for such Prisoner or Prisoners respectively, as the Court before whom

any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be brought up to be discharged, under the Powers, Authorities, and Di-

rections, contained in the said last recited Act, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their being remanded, on

such Note for the Payment of the weekly Sum ordered to be paid, as in the said last recited Act is required

and provided being given, direct or appoint.

> CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, intituled,

An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Ramsgate, in the County if Kent; and for

cleanfmgy amending, and preserving, the Haven a/'Sandwich, in the same County,—[19 th June 1797.J

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair, Great Tower

HiU\ and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.— [ 19th June 1797.]

I - CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more efFcftual, an Act made in the fourteenth \ car of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second f, intituled, Av. Act for the effe ft ual draining and Preservation of

Waterbeach Level, in the County ^/Cambridge, and to eflaldish an Agreement made between the Lord of the

Alanor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor; and also to raise a further

Sum of Money for the Improvement and Security of the said Level.—[19th June 179;•]

37 Geo. III.

CAP.

569

From July 5,

>797» to much

of last recited

A& (§13 and

14) as relates

to weekly Al-

lowances, re-

pealed.

Prisoners en-

titled to Allow-

alice of 2 s. 4 d.

nny apply totht

Court to have

it increased to

3 s. 6d. per

Week.

Debtors entitled

to their Dif

charge under

last recited A&#

if not paid

weekly Allow-

alice, may be

discharged, un-

less Creditor*

agree to pay

them not ex-

ceeding 3 s. 6 d,

weekly.

Where more

Creditors than

one insist on a

Debtor’s Deten-

tien, they are

each to pay him

not exceeding

as. weekly.

Cap. 74;

f Cap. 144

