250

C. 6.

thereof at

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III, A.D. 1796,

Bargains made

©11 or before

Nov. 18, for

Candles, Sec. for

Exportation

may be made

void by Notice

5

on or before Dec. J0j 1795*

Continuance of

Act.

Act maybe al-

tered or repealed

this Stfllon.

or their Intention to the Seller or Sellers of such Candles, Tallow, and Soap, on or before the tenth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five *, provided such Bargain shall have been made on or

before the eighteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

*7 C<o. m.

Cap. 12, re-

cited.

' 3I.154.41!. per

Cwt. Part of the

Duty of Cus-

toms on Starch

and Hair Pow-

der imported,

and the Draw-

hack of the Duty

of Excise on Ex-

portation of

Starch, except

to the Briiilh

•

Colonies in

America, or

Settlements in

the Hall Indies,

No Starch,

Hair Powder,

or Blue, to be

made from

Wheat, or other

__ _ . -> M _ % _ * V ^ w 4

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed

by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue*

from Wheat, and other Articles of Food; and for lowering the Duties on £he Import-

ation of Starch, and of other Articles made thereof.—[ill December 1795.]

V ^ f t . ; 'r’^ 1 '•* t ’

4 \ X 7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

4 VV repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and

4 for other Purposes, a certain Duty of Customs of five Pounds five Shillings and eight Pence is imposed for

4 every Hundred Weight of Starch imported into Great Britain; and a like Duty is also imposed for every

4 Hundred Weight of Hair Powder imported into Great Britain; and by the said Act a certain Duty of

4 Excise of three Pence Farthing is imposed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in

4 Great Britain j and a certain Drawback of the said Duty of Excise is granted on the Exportation of every

4 Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Starch to Foreign Parts : And whereas it is expedient that the making

4 of Starch, and also of Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes,1 Flour, Meal, or any

4 other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man in this Kingdom, should be prohibited for a limited

•4 Time ; and also that the Duties on Starch and Hair Powder respectively imported should be lowered, and

the said Drawback on the Exportation of Starch discontinued, except as is hereinafter excepted :* May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jefiy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre*

sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, during the Continuance of this AdL

three Pounds fifteen Shillings and four Pence per Hundred Weight of Starch, Part of the said Duty of Cuf-

toms imposed upon Starch imported into Great Britain, and the like Sum of three Pounds fifteen Shillings

and four Pence per Hundred Weight oPHair Powder, Part of the said Duty of Customs impoled upon Hair

Powder imported into Great Britain, and also the Whole of the said Drawback of the said Duty of Excise,

except on the Exportation of Starch to his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in Amfrica, or to the British

Settlements in the EaJI Indies, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby discontinued ; save and except

in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at any Time re-

main unpaid of the said respective Duties ; and also save and except all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relat-

ing thereto respectively, which shall respectively remain in full Force as well with respedi to such Arrears of

Duty as aforesaid as with respedi to the Duties which shall remain due and payable after the passing of this

Act.

j," V . f ’< ' ft I . "1 f gm'

to be discontinued. s .

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, nfc

Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour,

Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice,

Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man.

used for Food.

Fcnalry for III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, during the Continuance of this Act,

irnakin^ starch, any Maker or Makers of Starch, or other Person or Persons whatever, shall make, or begin to make,

crTiue°Trom Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other

Wheat,’ice. ^ Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour,

Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the b ood of Man, or shall put or lay, or cause or pro-

cure to be put or laid, in any Fat, Trough, or other Utensil or Vessel, any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes,

Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Bar-

ley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, for the Purpose

of making Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, then, and in each and every such Cafe, such Maker or Makers of

Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, or other Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons in whole

Custody or Pcffession any Fat, Trough, or other Utensil or Vessel, which shall be made use of contrary to

the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall, severally and respectively, (over and above all other Penalties

r 'I T.'

all

'll

