C. 4. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

levied, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of IValcs, and the Town of Bgr~

wick upon Tweed, in the several Counties and Places hereinafter mentioned, such able-bodied Men to serve

his Majesty in the Army or Navy of Great Britain, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein di-

re&ed; and that the Number of Men to be levied for the said respective Services, by virtue of this Act,

shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

For the County of Bedford, eighty-seven, for the Army. . v '

For the County of Berks, one hundred and forty, for the Army.

T or the County of Bucks> one hundred and fifty-two, for the Army.

For the County of Cambridge, one hundred and sixty-three, for the Army.

for the City of CljcJlcr, with the City and County of the City of Chester, three hundred and nineteen, for

the Army. j. ’ > J f v, . « f

For the County of Cornwall, two hundred and fifty-two, for the Navy.

For the County of Cumberland, two hundred and thirty-eight, for the Navy.

For the County of Derby, two hundred and fifty-two, for the Army.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, five hundred and nine, for

the Navy.

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, one hundred and eighty-

four, for the Navy. '

For the County of Durham, two hundred and twenty-four, for the Navy.

P'or the County of EjTex, three hundred and sixteen, for the Navy. , -

P'or the County of Giottcester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and

County of the City of Bristol, two hundred and sixty-one, for the Navy.

P'or the County of Hereford, one hundred and thirty-three, for the Army.

For the County of Hertford, one hundred and forty-eight, for the Army.

For the County of Huntingdon, fifty-eight, for the Army.

P'or the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and such of the Cinque

Ports as are situate within the said County of Kent, five hundred and seventy, for the Navy.

For the County of Lancaster, seven hundred and sixty-three, for the Navy.

For the County of Leicester, two hundred and thirty-seven, for the Army.

For the Division of Lindjey, in the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln,

two hundred and forty-eight, for the Navy; for the Division of Kejleven, in the said County of Lincoln,

one hundred and twenty-one, for the Army; and for the Division of Holland, in the said County of Lin

coin, seventy-five, for the Navy.

For the City and County of the City of London, two hundred and fifty-seven, for the Army.

P'or the County of Middlesex, inclusive of the Division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the

Liberty of the Tower, five hundred and eighty-four, for the Army.

For the County of Monmouth, seventy-five, for the Army.

p'or the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, three hundred and thirty

seven, for the Navy.

For the County of Northampton, one hundred and seventy-eight, for the Army.

P'or the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and

the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the Navy.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, two hundred and

nine, for the Army. \ v* ft

For the County of Oxford, one hundred and sixty-five, for the Army.

P'or the County of Rutland, thirty, for the Army.

P'or the County of Salop ftwo hundred and twenty-eight, for the Army.

P'or the County of Somerset, four hundred and fifty-five, for the Navy.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, three hundred

v and fix, for the Navy.

P'or the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, three hundred and seven-

teen, for the Army.

For the County of Suffolk, three hundred and forty-one, for the Navy.

For the County of Surrey, four hundred and nineteen, for the Army.

For the County of Sussex, with such of the Cinque Ports as are situate within the said County, two hundred

and twenty-three, for the Navy. ,

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, two hundred and fifty, for

the Army. l , ,

For the County of Weflmorland, ninety, for the Army. ffl / v

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, one hundred and fifty-

fix, for the Army.

For the County of Wilts, two hundred and seven, for the Army.

For the East Riding of the County of York, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon

Hull, two hundred and twenty-seven, for the Navy; for the Weft Riding of the said County, leven hun-

r dred and eighty-nine, for the Army; and for the North Riding of the said County, with the City and

County of the City of York, three hundred and eighty-five, for the Navy.

8 j

436

Men to be levied

in the Propor-

tiens following.

f Total for 1 be

Army 6525;

viz. 5764 in

England, and

761 in Wales.

For the Natty j

6142, all in Eng-

land. Total of

Men to be raijed,

12,667.]

For

