I

A,D, 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 127.

«(

4<

<4

(4

44

securing the Payment of 750 /• and Interest: charged upon the Paving Rates in Butcher Rowy &c. ^ Sew*

<c ers and Drains to be arched over or filled up> Drains or Sewers to be made, f. Common Council

44 empowered to build on, flop up, or inclose Parts of Streets, and also Courts, Alleys, tsfr.; and to pur-

M chafe Houses, Land, fcV. for the Purposes aforesaid. Vestry Rooms, &c. may be built at the Weft

41 End of the Church Yard. No Person compellable to fell Part of his Premises if willing to fell the Whole,

44 Power of purchasing limited to seven Years. Bodies Politic, &c, Trustees, and other Persons, empowered

to sell and convey Lands, When Parties refuse to treat, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen to

iliac a Precept for impanelling a Jury; who are to be drawn as the Act 3 Geo. II. directs. Jury may be

challenged. Jury to assess the-Value on Oath. Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final. Previous Notice

to be given to Parties interested. Expences of Juries provided for. Upon Payment of the Value assessed

the Premises to be conveyed to the City. When a good Title cannot be made, or legal Conveyances

executed ; or the Parties are not to be found, tsfe. Court to order the Purchase Money to be paid into

the Bank, tff.j subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition. Verdicts and

[Judgments to be entered among the Records. Immediately after Verdicts and Payments, fs'e. Premises

44 to veil in the City. Court of Mayor and Aldermen on Petition, may invest the Money in the Public

44 Funds. Purchase Money of Premises held in Trust to be invested in other Purchafcs to the same Uses.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries. Persons having any Right, &c. to enter

44 their Claims within a limited Time, or be barred. But may recover the Purchase Money, &c. from

u Persons receiving the fame. Tenants at Will, £sV. to deliver Possession on six Months Notice. Mort-

gagees, on Tender of Principal and Interest, to convey. On Refusal, Interest to cease. Upon Pay-

44 ment of Principal and Interest into the Bank, Premises to vest in the City. Monies to be paid or tendered

44 before any Use made of the Premises. Court of Aldermen may fine Sheriffs, Jurors, or Witnesses, for

44 not attending, iffc. Common Council empowered to let, fell, tsV. any Ground not necessary for the

44 Purposes of this Act, and to use or fell old Materials ; and to grant Licences for building on Part of the

44 Streets, Monies arising by Sales or Licences to be appropriated to the Purposes of the Act. Clause

44 for securing the Tithes, of Premises taken down. Power of Recovery of Annual Sums in lieu of

44 Tithes, Annual Sums in lieu of Tithes how to be paid. Compensation for Loss of Faxes and

44 Rates. Compensation to Rector of St. Clement Dunes and other Officers of the said Church. Clause

for apportioning the Land Tax between the WestminJier and Duchy Liberties; and for preserving the

Marks of the Boundary Line of the Duchy Liberty. Common Council empowered to appoint Com-

mittees. Persons interested not eligible on such Committees. Persons not free of the City may be em-

ployed by Committees. Directions for giving Notice of Contradls. Recital of an Act 3 and 6 William

and Mary, for raising the Orphans Fund. The Annual Sum of 2000/. raised on Perlonal Estates of

44 the Inhabitants of London to cease. Common Council empowered to raise a further Sum upon the Cre-

dit of the Orphans Fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable Annuities. Common Council to

give Bonds for such Annuities, assignable by indorsement. The Orphans Fund charged with such An-

nuities. Surplusses of the said Fund how to be applied. Upon Notice of Redemption and Tender of

the Money, Annuities to cease ; but the Principal to beftill payable. Deficiencies to be paid out of the

44 Chamber of London. The Money borrowed to be applied only for the Purposes of this Act; and if any

Surplus, to be applied to increase the Fund. Securities to be entered in Bocks. Chamberlain to keep

44 Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements. Common Council empowered to appoint Officers, and allow

44 them Salaries. Officers concerned in the Receipt of Money to give Security. Officers misapplying

any of the said Monies, to forfeit Treble the Sum with Costs. City answerable in case ofomy Mifap-

plication. Disbursements to be included in the Chamberlain’s Annual Accounts. This Aclnot to aftcdl

any of the City’s present Creditors. Improvements to be carried into Effect within ten Years. Ex-

pences of this Act how to be paid. Penalties and F orfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Dif-

44 tress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Act of 24. Geo. II. for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office extcndeU

io this Act- Limitation of Actions. General IlTue. Treble Costs. Public Act.’'

4<

<4

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

225

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limked

Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned.—[27th June 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \X7 HEREAS in Consideration of the heavy Losses which have been sustained in the Ifhnds of Grenada

4 VV and Saint lrincentsy in consequence of the late Insurrections, it is expedient that your Majesty be

4 enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be

iftucd toCommissioners tobe by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictigms, for the Assist-

4 alice and Accommodation of such Persons connected with or trading to the said Blands, as shall be desirous

1 ot receiving the fame, on due Security being given for the Re-payment of the Sums so advanced within a

4 Time to be limited:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral. and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it

mail and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his

Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for

‘IS&lq.UL . Gg the

His MajcAy

may empower

the Treasury to

direct Exchr-

