The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

xxix

Hill; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and I

Annoyances within the lame. I

88. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an

Ad made irr the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach

Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an

Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Water-

beach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said

Manor; and also to raile a further Sum of Money

for the Improvement and Security of the said Level.

89. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of His late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Ati for draining and

preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle

of Ely and Counties 0/SufFolk and Norfolk, between Mil-

denhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon River

North, bounded on the Weft by the River Ouse, and on the

East by Winter Load, Earfewell Brook, and the Hard

LtfWjV'Mildenhall ; and for empowering the Governor,

Bailiff*, a .d Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of

the Gr,at Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Le-

vel, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits afore-

said, commonly called Inverted Lands, so far as relates to

the several Pen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the first

District ddcribed in the said Act; and also, to amend and

render more effectual an Act, passed in the thirteenth

Year of the Reign ot His present Majesty, for amend-

ing and rendering mote effectual the said first: recited

AZb

90. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp

Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for

better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out

by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain

Courts ot Jurtice in Great Britain.

91. An Act to continue, for a limited l ime, an Act, made

in this present Scrtion of Parliament, intituled, An Afifor

confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Restric-

tien contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty -fix th

Day of February one thousand [even hundred and ninety-

seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, under certain Re-

gulations and Restrictions.

92. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made

in the thirty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations resetting

Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in cer-

tain Cafes. ,

93* An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

obtain their Certificates of Enrolment, Admission, or Re-

giftry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom.

94. An Act to continue an Act, made in the thirty-first

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Afl for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by al-

lowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and

exported. «. x '

95. An Act to amend two Acts, made in the fourth Year

of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the firrt Year of the

Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation of

Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers within the Counties

of Southampton and IVilis.

96- An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Ad, passed in the thirteenth Year of His late Majesty

King George the First, intituled, An Act for the effectual

draining and Preservation of Haddenham Level in the J fie

of Elyj and for more cfFcdually draining and prclerving

the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said

Level.

97. An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of

Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between

His Majesty and the United States of America.

98. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the

due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize

thereof and to punish Persons who firnll adulterate Meal,

Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the Assize

and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London,

and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Ex-

change.

99. An Act to revive and continue the Bounties granted

by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries car-

ried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great

Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe ; to

continue so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the

Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships, into and from the

Port of Saint 'John's in the Island of Antigua; and so much

of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George

Bishop, and Argles Bifloop,.to carry on the Manufacture of

Maidflonc Geneva ; and also so much of an Act, made in

the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to conti-

nue for a limited Time.

100. An Act for extending the Momnouthshire Canal Navi-

gation ; and for explaining and amending an Act, parted

in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty, for making the said Canal.

101. An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of

Aberdeen, for building new Quays, Wharfs, and Docks,

and for making new Roads and Passages, and widening

others leading to and from the said Harbour.

102. An Act for granting to His iYIajesty additional Duties

on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of

Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited Pime ;

and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the re-

spective Districts in Scotland.

103. An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in

that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scot-

land.

io*. An Act for regulating the dripping and carrying of

Slaves in British Vessels from the Court of Africa.

io{. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional

Duties on inhabited Houses.

106. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

on certain Horses, before charged* with a Duty of two

Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of His present

Majesty's Reign, and on Mules.

107. An AdP for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

on Male Servants.

108. An Act for granting to His'Majesty certain Duties on

Clocks and Watches.

100. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better

and mere effetluxily manning His Majesty's Navy j and for

making further Provision lor chose Purport*.

no. An

