t

434

C. 3.

_ ft

Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

No Part of the

Militia raised

under this A&9

shall he ordered

out of Great Britain.

or Indcpcncant Companies, shall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and

until they shall be returned again, by his Majesty’s Orders, to their respective Parishes or Places of Abode,

remain under the Command of such General Officers ; and during such Time as aforesaid, all the Provi-

iions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in Force with respeiTc to the said Mi-

litia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the

said Militia, in all Cafes whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole or any Part of the Mi-

litia directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, Hull, on any Account, be carried or ordered to go

out of Great Britain* fee / A £ Av *.

When riie Sup-

plementary Mi-

litia is called

cut, his MajcAy

may issue a Pro-

c’amation for

the Meeting of

Parliament in

34 Days;

Andwhen so or-

dered out, the

County Lieute-

nants are to issue

Orders to the

Chief ConAa-

bles, to be for-

warded to the

Conflablfcs, who

/hall cause No-

tice to be given

to the Militia

Men to attend.

Men not attend-

ing, may be ap-

prehended as

Deserters; and

Persons harbour-

ing them to for-

feit 5I.

V^hen called

out, the Re-

ceiver General

of the Land

Tax to pay one

Guinea for the

tffe of each

Man.

Captains to ac-

count with the

Men for the

Mon$y.

Militia when

embodied to be

entitled to the

fame Pay as the

other Forets,

and Non-com-

miAioned Offi-

cers and Privates

Ey Jan. 5,1797*

a Certificate to

be transmitted

40 the Clerk of

• # I

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall cause the said Supplementary

Militia, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be

fe pa rated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, his Majesty may

and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within fourteen Days, and the Parliament

shall accordingly meet and lit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to

fit and act in like Adanner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the

fame Day. ' ‘

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall think fit to order the said Supplemen-

tary Alilitia, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, the Lieutenant of every

County, Riding, and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from

his County, Riding, or Place) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants to whom any such Order as aforesaid

from his Majesty shall be directed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of

the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Rid-

ings, and Places, with Directions to forward the fame immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head-

boroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings, and Places within their respective Hundred?,

Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and Divisions, and such Constables, Tythingtncn, Headboroughs, *or other

Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to

the several Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings,

or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned irr such Order; and if any Militia Man so ordered to

be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity, incapacitating him to serve as a

Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable

to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in

Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

and if any Person shall harbour or conceal any Militia Man when ordered out into actual Service, knowing

him to be a Militia Alan, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum oi five

Pounds. ' ... . 1

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Supplementary Militia of any County, Rid-

ing, or Place, shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the LanJ Tax

for such County, Riding, or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captains or Com-

manding Officers of Companies of Militia respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for the Use of every Pri-

vate Militia Man who shall be so called out; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain

or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid, the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit as

early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, when out in actual Service as aforesaid,

(all which Money so paid by the said Receiver General, shall be allowed’him in his Account) ; and the

Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as Inch Captain or

Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous

for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, before any Militia Man

of his Company receives his Discharge, account to such Adilitia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea

hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Alania

Man.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of his Majesty’s Warrant for drawing,the

said Alilitia out into actual Service, the Officers and Private Alen of the said Alilitia shall be entitled to the

fame Pay as the Officers and Private Alen of his Majesty’s other Regiments of Foo: receive, and no other;

and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man of the said Alilitia, shall be maimed or wounded in

actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chejfea Hospital, with any Nou-comrmilioned

Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his Majesty’s other Forces.

to Chelsea Hospital.

XXXVIII. And whereas it may happen through Neglect, or otherwise, that in fbme County, Ridlnp,

or Place, the Militia may not be raised according to the Directions of this Act, and it is just anJ reasonabTe

that ail his Majesty’s Subjects shall contribute equally toward the Expence of railing and supporting a Mi-

litia

