I4-I

V

I

A' f V

■I - rf

• •)

/ '

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georg 11 Ilf. C. 80.

* neccfiary for securing the said Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, for the Benefit of the Proprie-

4 tors thereof, and for the Security of the Revenue, until further Provisions should be made by Parliament re-

1 spe<£ling the fame : And whereas Ships and Vessels have come or may hereafter come into the Ports of this

4 Kingdom, to take the Jrenefit of the said recited Act, or of the said Orders in Council, with Goods,

4 Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, which are now or may hereafter be secured in Warehouses as before

1 mentioned ; and it is expedient that Provision should be made to enable the Propiietors of such Ships or

4 Vessels, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, to fell, re export, or otherwise dispose of the Erne:’

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerQbled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful for every such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Proprietors of

Importers, or their respective Agent or Agents, to enter all such Ships and Vessels, and also to enter all such Ships orGooda

Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, so imported and warehoused, and to take the fame out of such bought into the

Warehouse in order either to re-export the fame, or to fell or make use thereof, upon Payment of the fe- conn^ f

veral and respective Duties, and subject to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Reltridtions, herein- recited Act, &c-

after mentioned. ' may enter them, and dispose of the Goods:

■ * - * A# ^ «• •

II. And be it further enacted, That upon all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Effects, imported or Duties to be

brought into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of the said recited Act, or of the said Orders in Council, GoodUforHoine

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Mo- consumption.

ney, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, upon taking the fame out of Warehouse for Home

Consumption, the several Duties herein-after mentioned, and that the fame shall be in lieu of any Duties

now payable by Law thereupon ; that is to say. For all Naval and Military Stores^ Timber, and Iron, so

imported or brought into this Kingdom, there shall be paid respectively the lowest Custom Duty that is now

by Law payable on Naval and Military Stores, Timber and Iron respectively, when imported from the

Northern Countries of Europe; for all Tobacco unmanufactured there fha.ll be paid the fame Duties of

Customs and Excite as are payable for Tobacco duly and regularly imported from the British Plantations, or

from the United States of America f provided, that if the Tobacco shall not be of the Growth of the British

Plantations, or of the United States of America, the fame shall, if taken out of the Warehouse for Home

Consumption, be chargeable and charged with the fame Duties as such. I obacco would be liable to on Im-

portation from other Countries, agreeable to an ACt, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeating the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffy and for granting new Duties

in lieu thereof: And, in order to prevent Frauds in the Exportation of Tobacco so warehoused, no Tobac- Tobacco warr-

co shall be shipped for Exportation except in Packages containing four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight

Nett in each Package. * cept in Packages of 4501b*

HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vefiel, laden wholly or Ships arriving

in Part with Tobacco, shall have arrived or shall arive at any Port of this Kingdom, not being, according to

Law, a Port enumerated for the Importation of Tobacco, such Ship or \ ellei shall proceed to one of the enumerated for

enumerated Ports where such 1 obacco may be legally imported and warehou.. importation, to proceed to one.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all manufactured Tobacco, except

Snuff, shall pay a further Custom Duty of six Pence per Pound.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Snuff, if taken out of the Warehouse

for Home Consumption, shall be chargeable and charged with the fame Duties of Customs and Excile as

on a legal Importation; but that no Duty shall be required on Snuff, if the fame be exported from the

Warehouse within the Space of six Months from the Time the fame shall be lodged therein.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Materials for Manufactures, so

imported or brought into this Kingdom, there shall be paid the lowest Duties that are now by Law payable

on the Importation of such Materials for Manufactures respectively in Britiff)-built Ships.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for all Sugar, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, so imported or brought,

there shall be paid the like Duties as on Foreign Sugar, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts respectively.

VIII- And be it further enacted. That for all Wines and Spirits so imported or brought into this King-

dom, there shall be paid respectively the like Duties of Customs and Excise to which the fame may be liable

by Law on a legal Importation. _ , , ,

IX. And be it further enacted. That, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported or brought

into this Kingdom, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufadhire of India or China> or other Parts

within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, there shall be paid the like respective Duties that are now payable for Goods, Wares, and Mer-

chandize, of the like Sorts imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company ; and that on the Ex-

portation thereof respectively the fame Duties shall be paid, and the fame Drawbacks of Duties and Allow-

ances shall be made, as the like Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are subject or would be en-

titled to respectively on the Exportation thereof, if the fame had been imported by the said United Company;

any Thing in this A& contained to the contrary notwithstanding. . ‘ .

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Goods and Merchandizes

imported or brought into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of the said recited Act or Orders in Council,

on Delivery out of any Warehouse under the Authority of this present Act, either for Consumption in

r this

Duty on manu-

factured To-

bacco,

on Snuff,

on Materials for

Manufacturer,

f1*?

on Sugar, Cof-

fee, and Cocoa

Nuts,

and on Wines

and Spirits.

For Goods, Sec.

of the Limits of

the Trade of the

£art lndiaCom-

pany, the like

Duties as paid

by the Com-

pany, and the

like Drawbacks

to be allowed.

Goods delivered

out of Ware-

houses to be en-

tered, and lubUt

