A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 15,16.

271

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to charge with the said Duties, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire for travelling

Port by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or let to Hire for a Day or less Period of Time, by any Post-

master. Innkeeper, or other Person licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the

Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, 'That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, under the Height of thirteen Hands, of four Inches to

each Hand, nor to any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall not at any Time whatever, preceding the

Tune of*making the Aflclfment for that Year, have been ridden, or used as a Draught Horse, or for the

Purpose of carrying any iiurthen, and of which Horses, Mares, or Geldings, an Account shall be given as

herein is mentioned, at the Time of the Delivery of Lifts of Horses liable to the said Duties; any Thing

hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, notwithstanding any Claim of Ex-

emption from the said Duty by virtue of this Act, shall be enumerated and included in the Lifts of the Num-

ber of Horses kept by any Person, and required to be made and returned annually, as herein is mentioned,

under the T itle of Hoifes exempted fiom Duty; and that the Owner or Owners thereof shall, upon De-

mand made, produce, or cause to be produced, such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, to the Assessor or A fie (Tors,

Surveyor or Surveyors, Infpcdlor or Inspedtors, of the said Duty, or at any Meeting of the Commissioners

for putting the several Acts relative to the several Duties on Horses, or any of them, in Execution, to be ad-

measured or otherwise examined, as the Cafe may require, respecting all or any of the Particulars before men-

tioned; and if the said Owner or Owneis shall neglect or refuse, on Demand being made, to produce such

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for which such Exemption as aforesaid shall be claimed to the Afielior or Aflefi*-

ors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectprs, of the said Rate or Duty, or to the said Commissioners

as aforesaid, to be admeasured or otherwise examined as the Cafe may require, or if upon such Admeasure-

ment or Examination, such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not be found to be within the particular Ex-

emption claimed as aforesaid, every such Owner or Owners shall be liable to and shall be surcharged with

double the said Rate or Duty by this Act imposed on every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept as aforesaid, and

shall not be relieved from such Surcharge, or any Part thereof, unless it shall be made appear to the said Com-

missioners, by Examination on Oath, on Appeal before them, that such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for which

such Exemption is claimed, was duly inserted in the Lift delivered of Horses kept by such Owner or Owners,

according to the Directions of this Act, and that such Owner or Owners ought not to have been rated or af-

sessed for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat all Monies arising by the Lid Rates and

Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from T ime to Time

be paid into the Receipt or his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confo-

lidated Fund.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising, or to arise, of the said Duties,

or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of

defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts passed, or

to be passed, in this Section of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years

next ensuing,be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Reve-

nue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Recipt, during the

said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and paid into

the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this

Section of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and

apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his xMajesty, his Heirs or Succefl'ors, upon any Account

whatever.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Horses kept for the

Purpose of Riding, or drawing certain Carriages, therein mentioned.

Dccetnber 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Britain in Parliament af-

s Public Expences, and

making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

cafioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session

of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Du-

4 ties hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly bcfcech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, there shall be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Adajesty,

his Heirs and Succefl'ors, the several Duties following; (that is to lay),

36 Geo. III. Nn That

A A not to ex-

tend to Horse*

Jet for Hire by

hccnftd Perfoi

r.or to Horses

'-9 "

under 13 Hands,

or not having

been ridden, or

used for

Draught.

Horses for

whom Exemp-

tien is claimed

to be included

in Life, and on

Demand to be

produced for

Examination,

and if not pro-

duced, or if

found not to be

exempted, the

Owner to be

surcharged dou-

ble the Duty.

Duties to be car-

ried to the Con-

folidated Fund.

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increas-

Charge occa-

fioned by any

Loan of this

Section, and for

ten Years, with

other Duties

granted for the

fame Purpose,

kept separate

from other

Monies.

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great

(enabled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’

