vn

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 Got. III.

•/South Town, otherwiseLittle Yarmouth, to Gorlefton,

in the County of Suffolk. '.

133. An Act to amend and render effectual To much of

an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty,

as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of

Worcester from the London and Upton Roads.

134.. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers,

of two Acts made in the seventh and thirty-first Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High*

waysfrom that Part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the

Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading

through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the

Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines j and to Cranford

Bridge, in the /aid County, in the Road to Colnbrook j

and for repairings turnings or altering the Highway lead-

ing [from the said Roads or near the &nd of Sien Lane,

to the Town of Isleworth, in the said Countys and from

thence, to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field ;

and also the Highway leading out of the /aid great Road

near Smallbcrry Green Turnpikes to a House known by the

Sign of The George, in the Town /"Ifleworth aforesaid j

and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways.

135. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of certain Acts for repairing several

Roads in the Weft Riding of the County of Yorks so far

as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford.

136. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Horsely Upright Gate, leading from Bowden Hill in the

County of IriltSs to the Top of Kingsdown Hills in the

Parish of Boxy in the said County, and several other Roads

near or adjoining thereto.

137. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road

from Mumps Brooks within Oldhams in the County Pala-

tine of Lancaster, to Rippondens in the Weft Riding of

the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near

DenjhaWs to or near to Brcwnhills and another Branch

therefrom, at or near Grains, toDtlpb, all within Saddle-

worths in the said Riding.

138. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

PTeflon Candover to Bajingflokes in the County of South-

amptons and from thence to Aitons in the said County.

139. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, en-

larging, and consolidating the Powers of two Acts of Par-

liament, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to

Wtjl Jueklands in the County of Durhamy and several

edict Roads in the same County, therein mentioned.

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

Acts, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King

George the First, and the fifteenth and thirty-first Years

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint Johns

Bridges in the County of Gloucesters and certain other

Roads therein mentioned.

141. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two fevc-

ral Acts, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

the Road from Cirencester, in the County of G loucester, to

Birdlip Hill, in the said County.

*42. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Hyde Park Corner to Counter s Bridges and certain other

Roads in the County of Afiddlefe:r, and for other Purpofts

therein mentioned.

145. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty,

S” am widening^ and keeping in Repair, the

Roads leading from Ludlowfatch, in the County of Car-

marthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thencey

through the Town of Llangadock, to the River Amman,

and several other Roads communicating therewith.

144.. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

In Act for a me ridings widening, turnings varying y alter

ings and keeping in Repairs the Road from a certain Dwel-

ling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of Wil-

liam Walker Gentlemans to Haslingden, and from thence

to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn ; and also

the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the East End of

Cockftiut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley ; and also the

Road from Haslingden aforesaids through Newchurch and

Bacup, to Todmorden; and for making a Road from the

said Road between Bury and Haslingden, in the Township

of Walmerfley,. to the River Irwell, and for building a

Bridge over the said Rivers all in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, as relates to the first District of Road therein

mentioned.

14$. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act of the nineteenth Year of

his present Majesty, for more effectually repairings widen-

ings and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster.

146. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County

Palatine of Lancafters to the Turnpike Road leading

from Bury to Haflingdens at or near Edenfield Chapel, in

the Township of fottington Higher End, in the fame

County.

147. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of Highgate, in

the County of MiddleftXs through a certain Lane called

Maiden Laney in the Parish of Saint Marys Jjlingtoris to a

certain Place called Battle Bridges in the lame County,

and the several other Highways and Foot Paths in the said

Parish of Saint Mary Iftingtons (which are not included

in any Turnpike Acts,) and to enable the Inhabitants of

the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

148. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the

Road leading from The Way PoJly at the North-east

• End of the T own of Bedfords in the County of Bedfords

to the North-east End of a Lane, in the Parish of Kim-

boltons in the County of Huntingdon, called the Park

Lane. jjjttjt S

149. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving,

and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Turn-

pike Road between Jfylefbury and lVendovei\ through

Princes Rifborough to hr eft JVycombcs 111 the County of

Buckingham.

150. An Act to continue, extend, and enlarge the Term

and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for makings amend-

'ings widemngs and keeping in Repair the Roads from the

New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of

the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate,

to Baillicfton, in the County of Lancrk, and certain Branches

of Road from the said Line of Roads and for the other

Purposes mentioned in the Lid Ad.

151. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, passed in

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from KfjgViley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County

