546

Convention be-

-tween h»s Ma-

jesty and the

JEmperor of

Cermany, re-

cited.

C.57,58,59. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgi 1 J1I. A.D. 1797.

on the said Reduced Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, and on the said Annuity after the

Rate of four Pounds per Centum* on the tenth Day ot Qfioker one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven ;

and on the said Annuity of fix-Shillings and Sixpence-L\toje& to such Deduction as afurdaid) on the said

tenth Day oF Ofiober one thousand seven .hundred and ninety seven; but shall not be payable until the re-

I’pective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Succefl’ors, or Ailigns, shall have completed the

Whole of the Sums by them subscribed for the Purchase of the said Annuities.

44 Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein specitied, to be entitled to Annuities from

cC certain Periods^ Annuities payable at the Hank. The Dank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant Ge-

44 neral, and the Trealtlry to order Money to be issued to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without

44 Delay, and the Accountant General to inspect his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subfciiptions,

4< which may be assigned before Nov. 16,1797. Cashier to give Security. Cashier to pay Money and

44 Exchequer Bills, within five Days after received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Ac-

44 countant General’s Office for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate of which to be transmtted to

cc the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, entitled to their Annuities

41 Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are com-

4C pleted they may be transferred. Annuities to be deenhed Personal Elf ate. Treasury may apply the

44 Money paid into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for registering Transfers; in

44 whose Office, Wills devising Stock must be entered. Transfers not liable to Stamp Duty. Treasury to

44 pay incidental Expences out of Contributions, and to allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant Ge-

<c neral. The 3 /. per Cents. Confols under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of 3 / per Cent. Confols;

44 and the 3 I. per Cent. Reduced, to the Joint Stock of 3 /. per Cents. Reduced ; and the 4/. per Cents. to the

44 Joint Stock of the 4 /. per Cents. Annuities of 6 s. 6 d. to be added to the Annuities for 99 and 98 Vears.

44 Annuities granted by this A&, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Persons counterfeiting Receipts

44 for Contributions, to fufter Death. The Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby

44 granted cease. No Fee to be taken for receiving Subscriptions, or paying or transferring Annuities, oil

44 Penalty of 20 /. General Blue. Treble Costs. Act may be altered this Session.”

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the

County of Salop) and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.—[11th May 1797.J

-: ' CAP. LIX.

An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of one million fix

hundred and twenty thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Re-

demption of the Capital to be created thereby *, for enabling the Governor and Com-

pany of the Bank of England to retain the Sums granted for repaying Advances made4

by them for the Public Service; and for repaying to the Contributors ro the Loans of

fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and one million six hundred and

twenty thousand Pounds, the Excess of their Deposits beyond the proportional Deposits

to the said Loans.—[25th May 1797.] , f

- 4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 XX/HEREAS, by a Convention, signed on the Part of your Majesty and the Emperor of Germany,

4 VV bearing Date the sixteenth Day of Alay one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTeven, it was agreed,

4 that your Majesty having advanced the Sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds for

4 the Service of his Imperial Majesty, the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand Pounds

4 should be raised by Loan on Account of his Imperial Majesty, on the Terms and Conditions hereinafter

4 mentioned; and that your Majesty had engaged to propose to your Parliament to guarantee the regular

4 Payment of the Half-yearly Dividends on the said Sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand

4 Pounds, and also to provide for guaranteeing the Payment of a Sum equal to one Pound per Centum per

* Annum of the Capital to be created by such Loan, to be applied to the Reduction thereof: And whereas,

4 we, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament ailembled, have resolved that Provision be made for

4 guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on such Loan, and of the said Sum »o be applied to the Re-

* dudlion of the Capital created thereby, conformably to the said Convention : May it*therefore please your

4 Majesty that it may be enabled,* &V. '

44 Contributors to the Loan by virtue of 37 Geo. 3. c. 57. may subscribe to a Loan to the Emperor,

44 and for every 100/. shall be entitled to a Principal in the 3 I. per Cents, of 226/. ioj. from Jan. 31,1797.

44 1 epofits to a further Loan of 3,c;oc,oooo/. by Contributors to the Loan under 37 G,o 3. c 57. to

44 be deemed Deposits towards the Loan under this Adh; and the Remainder of Subscriptions thereto may

44 be paid by fnftalments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Discount to be allowed on Payment of

44 the Whole of Subscriptions before Nov. 17, 1797* Discount to be allowed on Payment of instalmems in

14 44 advance.

