ving Annoying tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

A.D. 1798.

C. 89.

877

Preparations, Citterns, Receivers, Reservoirs, Pans, Barrows, Baskets, Troughs, and other Vessels, Im-

plements, and Utensils, used or employed in the procuring or making Salt, or which shall be found in any

such private or unentered Workhouse, Shed, Room, Lott, Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, and

the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers

of Excise, from Time to Time and at all Times, by Day or Night, upon his or their Requett, to enter

into all and every the Salt Mines, Salt Pits, Salt Refineries, or Salt Works, and also into all and every

the Workhouses, Sheds, Warehouses, Storehouses, Stoves, Lofts, or other Places entered or made use of

by any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any

Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, for the Purpose of taking, raising, making, refining, drying, ttoring,

laying, or keeping Salt or Rock Salt, and by weighing, gauging, tale, or otherwise, as to such Officer or

Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the Quantity, Kinds, and Species, of all Salt and Rock

Salt which shall be taken, making, or refining, or which shall have been taken, made, or refined, at such

Salt Mines, Salt Pits, Salt Refineries, or Salt Works as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Proprietor and Proprietors of any Salt Mine or

Salt Pit shall provide, support, and maintain a proper and secure Warehouse or Storehouse, with good

and sufficient Faftenings thereto, inclosing or adjoining to the Entrance, Mouth, or Shaft, of every Salt

Mine or Salt Pit belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, into which Warehouse or Storehouse all

Rock Salt shall be put and (lowed away* by and at the Expence of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and no

such Warehouse or Storehouse shall have more than three Doors or Entrances into the fame, and every

such Warehouse or Storehouse shall be locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excise under whole

Survey the fame shall from Time to Time be, except at such Time or Times only as the fame (lull be

opened by the proper Officer of Excise for the Purpose of depositing Rock Salt therein, or when the proper

Officer shall be attending for the Purpose of taking Account of, or weighing or delivering the fame out

of such Warehouse or Storehouse * and if any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse to pro-

vide, support, or maintain such Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid, or shall not cause such Rock Salt to

be removed to and (lowed away in such Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Proprietor and Proprietors of every Salt Mine

or Salt Pit, shall, at lead: twelve Hours before he, (he, or they shall at any Time begin to raise or take

away Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, give Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise

under- whose Survey such Salt Mine or Salt Pit shall be, of the particular Day and Hour of the Day on which

he, (he, or they intends or intend to begin raising or taking any Rock Salt from or out of any such Mine

or Pit; and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not begin to raise or take such Rock Salt from or

out of his, her, or their Mine or Pit, within the Space of one Hour after the particular Time and Hour

mentioned in such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice shall be null and void, and such Proprietor

or Proprietors shall give a fresh and like Notice before he, (he, or they shall begin to raise or take any Rock

Salt from or out of such Mine or Pit; and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall neglect or refuse

to give such Notice, or having given a Notice which (hill become void as aforesaid, shall neglect to give a

fresh and like Notice, every such Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXL And be it further ena£led, That no Rock Salt shall be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or

conveyed, from or out of any Warehouse or Storehouse entered according to the Drrcdlions of this Act,

except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey the fame shall be, nor shall any

such Rock Salt be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed away, from or out of any such Ware-

house or Storehouse as aforesaid, in any less Quantity than four Bushels at one Time, nor shall any Rock

Salt be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed, from or out of any such Warehouse or Store-

house, except between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening, from the twenty-fourth

Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, and between the Hours of seven in the Morning and

Day

each Year; and all such Rock Salt so delivered, or removed or removing, contrary to the Directions in

five in the Evening, from the twenty-eighth Day of September to the twenty-eighth Day of March, in

this Act, together with the Packages containing the fame, and the Flats, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels,

Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, and also the Horses and Cattle used or employed in removing the

fame respectively, shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of Excise, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Warehouse or Storehouse

shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Rock Salt so delivered, removed or

removing, contrary to the Directions of this ACt, or the Sum of fifty Pounds, at the Election of his Ma-

9s Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

Excise Officers

may at all

^ imes, on Re-

quest, enter Salt

Alims, tec. to

take an Ac-

count.

XU. And be it further enacted. That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners

of Rock Sale, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work respectively, shall provide, support, and

maintain a proper and secure Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, or Warehouses, Storehouses, or Lotts, with

good and sufficient Faftenings thereto, into which Warehouse or Warehouses, or Storehouse or Store-

5 ' houses,

Proprietors of

Salt Mines to

provide a Ware-

house, into

which a'l Rock

Salt Aiall lie

•

Aowcd, and

locked up by

the Excise Of-

1 &c.

Penalty of 1001*

for not pro-

viding Ware-

houses, Sec.

Proprietors of

Salt Mines to

give previous

Notice of In-

tention of raking

out Rock Salt,

&c. on Penalty

of aol.

Rock Salt not to

be taktn from

any Warehouse

but in the Pre-

fence of the

Officer, nor in a

less Quantity

than four Rush-

els, and only

bciw.'en certain

Hours, on Pe-

nalty of its For-

feiture, with the

Flats, See.

Makys of Salt*

Refiners of

Rock Salt, ar.d

Proprietors of

Sait Works, to

