A.D. 1796.

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

C. 14.

483

* Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for such Spirits respectively to be delivered after the said seventh Day of

* December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six be it therefore ena£led. That such Importers or

Dealers, and such Distillers and Makers, respectively delivering such Spirits after the said seventh Day of

December' one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be avowed to

add so much Money, as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Spirits

respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the fame

accordingly. j 5

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and

set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), as the Duties of Excise; and the Drawbacks

of the Duties of Excise (et forth in the said Schedule marked (B), upon the several Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandizes, or Commodities inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered,

paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or

either of the general Means, Ways, or Methods by which the former Duties of Excite respectively, and

Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, or by any or either of the special Means, Ways, or Methods

retpedively by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise

respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respec-

tively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and

allowed; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities so by this Act respectively made

liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Du-

ties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed,

shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules,

Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities in general,

and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respec-

tively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively were subject and liable, by

any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the

Duties of Excise: and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever,

as well Pains of Death, as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any* Ad or

Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue

of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions

therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied,

practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties

of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever,

as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or For-

feitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where Duties are imposed, or Drawbacks allowed by

this Act, on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the fame shall in every Cafe be

understood and deemed and taken to apply in the fame Proportion, and after the fame Rate, to any greater

or less Quantity than such specific Quantity. ^ proportionally to greater

VL And be it further enacted. That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the

necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVeJlnunfler; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt

of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated h und.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all the Monies arising, or to arise, by the said

Kates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of

defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue

of any Act or Acts passed, or to be passed, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall,

during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at

Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues ; and that there shall be

provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period often Years, a

Book or Books* in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said

Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties, granted in this Session

of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and

apart from aH other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account

whatever. * " , r *- :

made before

December 7, ’

1796, for De-

livery of Spirit*

after that Day^

the Duty may "

added to the

Price.

Duties and

Drawbacks to

be levied and

allowed accord-

ing to, and the

Goods, Ccc. to

be subjert to the

Laws of Excise;

and all Pains

and Penalties

of former Acts

extended to

Duties imposed

by this Art.

Duties and

Drawbacks on

specific Quan-

tities to apply

or less Quantities.

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carried to Con-

folidated Fund,

and deemed an

Addition to the

Revenue for de-

fraying the in-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan 01

Sc ft on.

SC HE-

