l8 2

This Act not to

alter the Power

of Justices to

pass or punish

Vagrants by

17 Gco.Jl Cap.

5, except as to

Suspension

No Person to

gain a Settle-

ment by Dt li-

very and Publi-

cation of a written Notice:

C. 102. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

I

Right ought to have been directed to be paid, such Court may and is hereby directed to strike out the Sum

contained in the said Order, and insert the Sum which in the Judgment of such Court ought to be paid;

and in every such Cafe the said Court of Quarter Sections shall direct that the said Order so amended shall be

carried into Execution by the said Justices by whom the Order was originally made, or either of them, or

in case of the Death of either of them, by such other Justice or Justices as the said Court shall direct: Pro-

vided that nothing in this Adl contained shall extend to alter or abridge the Power of Justices of the Peace to

pass or punish Vagrants in the Manner and under the Circumstances set forth in an Act, passed in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An At 1 to amend and

make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to

Houses of Correction (except so far as regards the Power of suspending the Vagrant Pass, in the Manner and

for the causesbefore mentioned).

111. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person coming into any Parish, Town*

ship, or Place, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be enabled to gain any Settlement therein by

Delivery and Publication of any Notice in Writing. '

nor by paying

Taxes for a Te-

nement of less

than 101. yearly

Value.

M

4

Rogues, &c. to

be confldcred as

chargcable, and

nay be rtmov-

.

Unmarried

Women with

Child to be

deemed charge-

able.

Bastards to be

deemed of the

Mothers Parish.

Former Acts

touching Eaf-

tards, &c. to

remain in force.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

parting of this A<St, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall come into any Parish, Township, or Place,

shall gain a Settlement in such Parish, Township, or Place, by being charged with and paying his, her, or

their Share, towards the Public Taxes or Levies of the said Parish, Township, or Place, for and on Ac-

count, or in respect of any T enement or Tenements, not being of the yearly Value of ten Pounds.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been convicted of Lar-

ceny, or any other Felony, or who by the Laws how in being shall be deemed a Rogue, Vagabond, idle

or disorderly Person, or who shall appear to any two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division wherein

such Person shall reside, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to be a Person of

evil Fame, or a reputed T hief, such Person not being able to give a satisfactory Account of himselfor her-

fclf, or of his or her Way of living, shall be considered as a Person actually chargeable within the true Intent

and Meaning of this Act, to the Parish in which such Person shall reiide, and shall be liable to be removed

to the Parish of his or her last legal Settlement by the Order of the said Justices of the Peace, whereof one

to be of the Quorum, of the Division where any such Person shall reside.

VI. Provided also, and be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat every unmarried Woman

with Child shall be deemed and taken to be a Person actually chargeable, within the true Intent and Meaning

of this Act, to the Parish, Township,or Phfe, in which (he shall inhabit, and may be removed as such to the

Place of her lait legal Settlement; and in case any Order of Removal obtained for such Purposefhali befuf-

pendpd for any of the Reasons before mentioned, and during such Suspension the said Woman shall be de-

livered of any Child, which by the Laws of this Kingdom shall be a Bastard, every such Bastard Child shall

be deemed and taken to be settled in the same Parish, Township, or Place, in whiph was the legal Settle-

ment of the Mother at the Time of her Delivery: Provided nevertheless, that all Act or Acts heretofore

made touching Bastard Children, or concerning the Mothers or reputed Fathers of such Children, shall be,

and remain in full Force and Effect after the parting of this Act, as well in Cafes where by this Act the

Place of Settlement of such Bastard Children is directed to he the fame as that of the Mothers of such

Children, as in Cafes where the Place of Settlement of such Bastard Children remains the fame as it did be-

fore the parting of this Act. '

.CAP. CII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Ule of defective Weights, and of false

and unequal Balances.*—[2id June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

First, it was, among other Things, enacted, That from thenceforth there should be but one

-4 Weight, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, throughout all the Realm, as well in Places pri-

4 vileged as without, any Ufageor Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas the said recited

4 AdI, and the several other Laws now in force for the due Regulation of Weights, have been found inef-

4 fedlual for that Purpose; and divers Frauds are committed by Persons ultng deficient Weights, and false

4 or unequal Balances, by which the Poor in particular are much injured: And whereas it would tend

4 greatly to prevent such pernicious and fraudulent Practices, if the Justices of the Peace throughout the

4 several Counties of England and Wales, at their respective Quarter Sections, were empowered to appoint

4 nroper Persons to examine the Weights and Balances throughout the said Counties, and^to punish such

4 Persons as should be found offending in the Premises Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

q ir *n this pretent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing

to appoint Per- of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at every Quarter Sections of the Peace to be

fons to cximine held for any County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, in England or Wales, and they are hereby required

Weights and to appoint one or more Person or Persons to examine the Weights and Balances within their respective

Balances. Counties, Ridings, Liberties, and Divisions, such Person or Persons so to be appointed to be the High

Constable of a Hundred, who shall have the Power of examining within his Hundred, or the Constable

and Parish Officers of a Parish, who shall have the like Power within his and their Parish, or Uch other fit

1 *7 F and

, I

