656

% %

C. 118,119. Anno tricesinlo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

I

CAP. CXVIII.

35 Geo 3. c. 90.

No Vessel to

clear outwards

for carrying

Slaves unless

the Space al-

lotted for the

Slaves be four

Fecf one Inch

between the

Decks.

One decked

Vessel to have a

false Deck in

the Hold.

No Vessel to be

cleared out till

admealured,

and certified by

the Officer of

the Customs,

for which he

shall receive

10s. and which

Certificate mu ft

be produced to

the Officer at

the Port cf Ar*

An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of Vessels entered outwards for the

Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa.—[19th July 1797.]

\T / HEREAS by an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regu-

la ting the Shippings and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coajl of Africa, it was enacted

that the whole Space between Decks in such Vessels should be allotted for the Reception of Slaves, in order

‘ to their greater Comfort, and better Accommodation: And whereas it hath been found, that sufficient

« Provision was not made by the said Act, for the Comfort and Accommodation of the Slaves in their

4 Apartments between the Decks of Ships lo employed for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s

nioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 7‘hal, from and after

the paflinsr of this Act, no British.b Ship or Vessel shall clear outwards from any Port in his Majesty’s Do-

minions for the Purpose of shipping or carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, in which the Space between

the Decks allotted for the Reception of Slaves, under the Provisions of‘any former Act, shall not be, in

every Part throughout the whole Length and Breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular Height

of four Feet one Inch at least, measuring from the upper Surface of the Lower Deck to the under Surface

of the Upper Deck. . ,

II. And whereas Ships and Vessels having only one Deck are sometimes used for shipping and carrying

4 Slave* from the Coast of Africa,* be it further enacted, That in all such Vessels a Floor or False Deck shall

be fixed in the Hold, for the Reception of the Slaves, which shall be taken and considered as her Lower

Deck, for the Purposes of this Abt.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to clear out from any Port in

Great Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast oi Africa, until the proper

Officer of the Customs at such Port shall have examined and admeasured such Ship or Vessel, and {hall

have found her to agree in Admeasurement, and to be in every other Particular conformable to the Regu-

lations and Restrictions required and directed by this Act, and shall have certified the fame in Writing to

the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs at such Port; for doing which he shall be entitled to demand and

receive the Sum of ten Shillings from the Master or Owner of the said Vessel, and the said Certificate shall be

annexed to the Clearance of the said Vessel, and shall be produced therewith to the Collector or Comp-

troller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, at every Port in the West Indies or America, belonging to

his Majesty, at which the said Vessel shall arrive, before any Slave or Slaves shall be permitted to be landed

out of the said Vessel, at any such Port.* f HI

rival in the West Indies, Sec. \

False Deck not

to he removed

till the Slaves

are Landed, on

Penalty of 200I.

Where Penalty

may be sued for,

which may be

within three

Years after the

Offence, double'^|

Costs to each Party.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the Surveying Officer shall have examined and measured any

Ship or Vessel as hereinbefore directed, it shall not be lawful for the Master or Owner thereof to remove, or

cause or suffer to be removed, any Floor or False Deck which shall have been fixed in the Hold for the

Reception of Slaves, as hereinbefore directed, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading his said Veil'd

on the outward bound Voyage, or other unavoidable Neccfliiy, or to do, or cause or suffer to be done, any

other Matter or Thing whereby the Height of the Places or Apartments allotted for the Reception of

Slaves shall be diminished, until alUhe Slaves which shall have been taken on board such Ship or Vessel shall

have been discharged or landed therefrom, under the Penalty of two hundred Pounds for every such

V. And be it further enacted, Tflat the Penalty inflicted by this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, and

recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; and in every such Action or Suit the Party against

whom Judgement shall be given, (whether Plaintiff or Defendant,) shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and

every such Action shall and may be brought at any -Time within three Years after the Offence committed,

and not afterwards, and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay. , , ' ’,

CAP. CXIX.

5 Geo. 2. c. 7,

recited.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in

IJis Majesty s Plantations and Colonies in America, as makes Negroes Chattels for the

Payment of Debts.—[iyth July 1797-]

c \ I 7 HEREAS by an Act, which was passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

‘ VV George the Second, intituled, An A:1 for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Planta-

4 tiens and Colonies in America, it was enadleJ and declared, that, from and alter the twenty-ninth Day of

4 September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, the Houses, Lands, Negroes, and other hereditary

and Real Estates, fitustte or being within any of the said Plantations, belonging to any Person indebted,

4 should be liable to, and chargeable with, all just Debts, Duties, and Demands, of what Nature or Kind

;■ 4 (bever.

