886

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo odfiivo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

cd immediately

to the Port of

Exportation,

&c.

ported, and shall be there put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame is intended to be exported to

Parts beyond the Seas, and shall no: be landed, or put or deposited in any YVarchouse, Storehcufe, or other

Place in Great Britain, except in case of unavoidable Necessity, after the fame shall have been so delivered

for Pixportation as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting all the Rock Salt so landed or put into any Warehouse,

Storehouse, or other Place, contrary to the true intent and Meaning of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt shall be delivered free of Duty, save and except such

Rock Salt only as shall be removed from and out of the Warehouse or Storehouse belonging and adjoining

to the Salt Mine or Salt Pit from whence the fame was raised or taken, for the Purpose of being carried or

conveyed, under, subjeiSi, and according to the Rules and Regulations hereinafter in that Behalf provided,

to some known and entered Refinery of Rock Salt, and such Rock Salt, so delivered free of Duty for the

Purpose aforesaid, shall be carried and conveyed direitly from the Warehouse or Siorehouse, from whence

the lame shall be removed as aforesaid, to the.Salt Refinery at which the fame is intended to be melted and

ID - refined.,

entere.i Rctm-

.cry, where it shall be conveyed directly. ,

LX. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or

continued to extend to prevent any such Maker or Makers of Mineral Alkali, or Flux fur Glass, as is herein-

N® Rock Salt

shall be deliver-

Duty free,

except from the

'Warehouse.ad-

joining the

Mine whence

taken, to be

carried to nn

Rock Salt may

he t ken out of

Wareheufes

Duty free, for

making Mineral

Alkali, or Flux

forGJafl), on Bond.

Makers of Salt,

&c. to give pre-

vious Notice to

the Officer of

Intention to de-

liver Salt for

Expoitation,

curing Fish, or

ro be sent to an

entered Export

Warehouse,

Specifying cer-

tain Particulars.

after mentioned, from taking any Rock Salt from or out of any such Warehouse, free of Duty, for the Pur-

pose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, on giving such Bond or Security as is hereinafter in that

Behalf prescribed.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or

Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall have Occasion to deliver any

Salt from his, her, or their entered Warehouse or Warehouses, or Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or

Lofts, either for immediate Exportation, or to be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish, or to be

font and conveyed to some entered Export Warehouse, provided under and according to the Dire£iions of

this Act, for keeping Salt for Exportation, at the Port of Liverpool or Bristol, he, she, or they shall give

previous Notice in VVrrting to the proper Officer of Excise, under, whole Survey such Warehouse or Ware-

houses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, shall be, by the Space of two Hours, of his or their

Intention so to deliver Salt as aforesaid, and shall specify in such Notice the Day and (-lour of the Day when

he, (lie, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such Salt, the Quantity he, she, or they intends or

intend to deliver; and if it be Salt intended for immediate Exportation, he, (he^ or they shall specify at

what Port or Place such Salt is intended to be shipped, and by vjiat Conveyance the fame is to be carried ro

such Port or Place; and if such Salt is intended to be removed to any such Export Warehouse, to what

particular Export Warehouse the fame is intended to be removed, and what is the Name of the Owner or

Proprietor of such Export Warehouse, and by what Conveyance the fame is intended to be removed to such

Export Warehouse; or if the Salt so to be delivered as aforesaid shall be intended for the Purpose of curing

orpreserving Fish, then such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid,

shall specify in such Notice the Name of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom, and the Place to which

the Salt is to be conveyed or sent, and by what Conveyance the fame is to be removed.

LXII. Provided always nevertheless, That if the Flat* Boat, or Vessel, in or by which the Salt specified

in any such Notice is intended to be removed or conveyed, shall be found incapable, either from the Want

of YVateror other unavoidable Circumstance, to receive, take, or convey the whole Quantity of Salt so

specified in any such Notice, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such Maker, Re-

finer, or Proprietor as aforesaid, to discontinue any such Weighing or Delivery, upon giving to the proper

Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifying the real Cause of the Discontinuance, and the true

Quantity of Salt which shall have actually been weighed and delivered in pursuance of any such Notice as

aforesaid. ff

Delivery may bediscontinued, on giving a Declaration to the Officer of the Cause, See.

Eciore Sait shall LXIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Salt shall be delivered free of Duty for immedi-

ate Exportation, or before any Rock Salt shall be delivered for Exportation upon the low Duty to which

Rock Salt is subject and liable upon Exportation, the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners thereof, or

Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, from whence the fame shall be so deli-

vered, (hill givesufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Per-

son or Persons who shall be appointed or employed determined by them for that Purpose, in treble the Amount of the

Duty by this Act imposed for or in respeclof Salt, or Rock Salt, for Home Trade or Consumption, for all

the Salt and Rock Salt so to be delivered for immediate Exportation, that all such Salt and Rock Salt so to

be delivered for Exportation, and every Part thereof, shall* the Danger of Enemies only excepted, be duly

shipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame is intended to be exported beyond the Seas,

and that no Part of such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall, before the 'hipping thereof in such Ship or Vessel,

be fold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great

Britain. ^ |1 S* I

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Bond or Security as aforesaid shall be cancelled and dif-

charged upon the Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of die Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt

5 Work

If the Flat, kc.

in which Sait

specified in any

Notice is in-

tended to be re-

moved, be in-

capable to re-

ceive the whole

Quantity, the

Weighing or

be delivered

Duty free, or

Rock Salt on the

low Duty, for

Exportation,

Bond to be given

that it shall be

duly shipped

and not chn-

dcftincly dif-

posed of in

Great Eritain.

How such Bond

shall be dif.

cha ged.

