A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

C. 104.

615.

'CAP. CIV.

An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the

Coast: of Africa.—[19th July 1797.]

4 T T 7 HERE AS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the

4 W Coast of Africa, for a limited Timebe it therefore enacted, be.

44 No Vessel clearing out from Great Britain, to carry Slaves from Africa in greater Numbers than herein

44 specified. Vessels to be deemed of the Tonnage set forth in their Certificates of Registry. Mailers of

44 Vessels to forfeit 30/. for every Slave exceeding the limited Number. If more than Two-fifths of the

41 Slaves be Children, five of the Surplus to be deemed equal to four Slaves, be. Mailers of Vessels, before

44 they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to give in a written Declaration to the Officer of the Customs of-

4< the Burthen of the Vessel, be.; and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500/. Officers of the

4‘ Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on Board such Vessels, be. on Penalty of 500/. Where there

44 is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Declaration of the Master, be. Penalty on

4< making false Declaration. No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out,

44 nor unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage Journal is to be

44 delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first BritiJ)) Port of Arrival, be. Officer to deliver to the

44 Master a Copy of his Declaration, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to

44 the Commissioners of the Customs. Mailers or Surgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit 100/. If

44 Penalty on Mailers be not paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. On Arrival

45 of Vessels in America or the West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties. Vessels

“ not to be admitted to Entry till Bond is given. Suits to be commenced within one Month. Penalties

44 may be sued for in any Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or the IVtfl Indies, where the Offence shall

44 have been committed, or Cargo disposed of, or in Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Ex-

u chequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the

44 Slaves. If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he, and also

44 the Owner, shall forfeit 500/. 1'ormer Acts recited, and nothing therein to make void Insurances made

44 in the fame general Terms as other Insurances; but under them no Damages shall be recoverable in

44 certain Cafes. No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has passed his Examination, be.

44 If the Officer at the Port of Discharge fhkll be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than

«< two Slaves in the hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon; and on Production

44 thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Mailer too/, and the Surgeon 50/.

44 Like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the hundred, which

44 are toentitle the Mallei to 50/. and the Surgeon U) 25/. Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the Mailer,

44 Officers, and Manners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the forms annexed to the Act; and no other

44 Form to be used on Penalty of 50/. Muller Roil to be regularly kept and delivered on Penalty of loo/.

44 and six Months Imprisonment. No Officer, be. to be turned over or discharged, but under the Cir-

14 cumflances herein mentioned. No Slops, be. to be i'upplied beyond One-fourth of the Monthly

44 Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers, (Ac. behaving in a riotous, (editions, or mutinous Manner.

44 Malter to cause a printed Abitraft of this Act, be. to be hung up in the moll public Place in his Vessel,

44 on Penalty of 20/. If mutinous Officers, be. be taken into Custody, in Africa or the West Indies, a

44 Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the Governor, be. and if the Witnesses do not appear at the

44 Trial, they shall incur a Penalty. Officers, be. to continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards.

44 Wage’s of Rjjn Men to go to Greenwich HospitaL &c. Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties

44 sued for. Limitation of Actions. Delivery of Writs on Board Vessels to be deemed legal Service.

44 Persons taking false Oaths to incur the Pains of Perjury, be. This Act to continue in force till

44 August 1, 1798.” -

XXV. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 and which was afterwards continued by several subsequent Acts passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth,

4 and thirty-fifth Years of his said present Majesty’s Reign, it was enacted, That from and after the first

4 Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful, for-any Person to be-

4 come a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall

4 dear out from any Port of Great Britain for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa,.

« unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall

4 have made’Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port

4 where such Ship or Vtfl'd shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners, that

4 be has already served irx such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon

4 during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing

4 and carrying Slaves from the Coail of Africa, under Pain that fitch Master or other Person taking or having

4 the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vciiel, and atlo the Owner or Owners who shall hire or em- -

4 p'oy such Person, shall, for every such Offence, rftpedhvely forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred ;

4 Pounds; And whereas Doubts have ariten respecting the Construction of the abovementioned Clause*.

4 whether the Certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the

4 Customs should be attested by the respective Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel wherein the Person

[See Stats.

29 Geo. 3.C. 66.

3oCeo. 3 c. 33.

31 Geo. 3. c. 54,

31 Geo. 3. c. 52.

350*0.3. c. 90.J J

Clause in for-

mer Acts re-

spedling the

Certificates of

Qualification

required to be ».

given by Maf*

tcis, recited.*

Doubts ^ri/inar

by whom Cciti-

ficatas te be a I-1:

teftcU.

