The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

xxxm

called Hongerhill, in the same Parish, all in the County of

Salcft.

173. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from Bolton in the Moon to Blackburn,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

174. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from or from near EdenfieldChapel^ in

the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of

Bury, to the Township of Little Bolton, in the Parish of

Belton in le Moors \ and also for making and maintaining

a Road from the said Road, at or near a Place called Booth

Pits, in the Township of Tottington Lmver End, to or

near Bury Bridge^ in the Township of Elton, in the said

Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

175. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty, and the twelfth Year of the Reign oFHis present

Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads lead-

ing to, through, and from the '1 own of Frome in the

County of Somerset; and for paving the f ootways and

lighting the Streets within the said Town.

176. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

Acts, for amending and keeping in Repair several Roads

therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster,

in the County of Hereford.

177. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads bc-

tween the House commonly called The Florjejhoe House,

in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buck-

ingham, and the Town of Northampton', and from the

North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of

Buckingham, to the said Horsepoe House.

178. An Act for extending the Term, and amending and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for making and repairing several Roads round the City

tf Bristol; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road

from the Turnpike Gate, at the Sign of The Blackbirds,

on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield Common Road, into the

Bitton and Toghill Common Road.

17/9. An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Cam-

bridge into the old North Road, near Arrington Bridge,

all in the County of Cambridge.

180. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

_ J #__ ik* Hie IV^3jesty*S

repairing the

Road from Newmiln Bridge. H foodie's Mill. Inver-

passed in the thirtieth Year of His present Majesty’s

so

.^oad from Newmiln Bridge, ty rooaic s

keithing, Abcrdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, W Cameron

Bndge, to Craill, and other Roads in the County of Fife ;

and

County

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 37 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Gaetano Tejlolini.

Ax * An Act for naturalizing George Ajlor.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn.

4. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Opie Esquire,

with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Failures, and for exchanging, allotting, and im-

proving, the Open and Commonable Arabic Lands,

37 Geo. III.

I

within the Parish of Alter, in the County of Somer-

fit*

6. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Commons

and Wade Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

South Normanton, in the County of Derby.

7. An Act for naturalizing Charles Gruneifen.

8. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli.

9. An Act for naturalizing Abram Henry Borel\ Henry Bo-

rel, Louis Borel, and Stephen Azemar.

to. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and

Charles Blaurock.

ir. An Act for naturalizing George Choumert

12. An Act for naturalizing IVynand Adriaen de Gruyter

Vink.

13. An Act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinricbs.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of

High-ham, in the County of Somerset; and also a certain

Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying

partly within the said Parish of High-ham and partly

within die Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the same County.

m

Zoyland, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain

Parcel or Trad of Commonable Ground, formerly Part

of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street, in the

County of Somerset; and also for dividing and allotting a

certain Parcel or T rad of Waste Land, called Turf Moor,

in the Parish of Street aforesaid.

17. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright*

with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.; > '

19. An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King

James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey a

Messuage, Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, in Fulftow Marsh, Chappel, and Tetney, in

the County of Lincoln; and for laying out the Money

arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and

Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said

Hospital.

20. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty

Quceii Anne, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number

of Canons Refideniiary in the Cathedral Church oj' Lich-

field, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the

said Cathedral, and to make further Provision for the Ca-

nons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an

Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the feve-

ral Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of

Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the fe-

veral Manors of Cutcombe Mohun and Cut combe Rawleigh,

in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County.

22. An Act to relieve Jf'illiam Marquis of Lanfdown from

certain liabilities in consequence of his having fat and

voted ?n the House of Peers without being duly qualified,

by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration pre-

ferred by Law, and subscribing the fame respectively.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures* and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dunton, in the

County of Bedford.

f 24. An

