766

If Aliens be

sourd out of

the Distrifc al-

lowed by Li-

cences, Sec they

shall be for-

feited

If Licences, Scc.

be loft, Sec. frclh

ones may be

granted.

33 Geo. 3. c. 4.

to extend to

Alien Mer-

chants, and to

Aliens in the

Kingdom on or

before Jan. 1,

1792 j Provi-

sions in that Act

to the contrary

10,Stc. there-

c f) repealed.

No Alien to

leave the King-

dom Without a

Faflpoit, which

shall be pro-

duced to the

Officer of the

Customs for his

Allowance, r.nd

to the MaftcY of

the Vessel, be-

fore Embarka-

tien.

Penalty on

Muftei s permit-

ting Aliens to

embark without

Paftpjrts, Sec.

500I. awl on

Aliens so em-

barking, Impri-

so intent, or

Transportation.

Mariners em-

ployed in navi-

gating Vessels

may embark

without Pair-

ports.

Aliens having

quitted their

Countries on

Account of the

Troubles in

France, Ac. not

liable to be ar-

riftid for Debts

contracted be-

yond the Seas

wut of nis Ma-

C. 50. • ving Annoying tricesimo oClavo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1798.

9 +

same Manner as if such Licence had been obtained : Provided nevertheless, that he or she fb2.ll, during such

Time, rekde in such Place, or within such District, as shall be expressed for that Purpose in such VVriting

allowing further 'Time as aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Alien having such Licence as aforesaid, or such Allowance of

further Time to obtain a Licence as aforesaid, shall, at any 'Time alter, be at large in Great Britain, in

any Place not being the Ptece or District within which such Alien shall be allowed to reside as aforesaid, or

shall be found not to have complied with the Restrictions or Conditions (if any) under which such Licence or

Allowance shall have been granted, such Licence or Allowance shall be forfeited and determined, and such

Alien shall be liable to all such Penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no such Licence or Allow-

alice had been granted. . . *

VI. And be'it further enacted, That if any such Licence, or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Li-

cence, shall he loll, mislaid, or destroyed, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized to grant

such Licence or Allowance of further Time as aforesaid, upon Proof on Oath, to his or their Satisfaction,

that such Licence or Allowance of further Time has been so loft, mislaid, ordestroyed, to grant a fresh

Licence, or Allowance of further Time to obtain a Licence, stating the former Licence or Allowance, and

the Reason of granting such fresh Licence or Allowance; which fresh Licence or Allowance shall be of like

Force as the Instrument so loft, mislaid, or destroyed. • - '■/.- jHErl

VII. 14 And whereas, in the said Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, certain Pro-

c visions are contained with respect to Alien Merchants, who arc thereby in a great Degree exempted from

4 the Provisions in the said Act respecting other Aliens; and such Act does not, in many Cafes, extend to

4 Aliens who arrived in this Kingdom on or before the first Day of January one thousand (even hundred and

4 ninety-two j* be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s

Reign, as relates to Alien Merchants, and tends to exempt them from any of the Provisions in the said Act

respecting other Aliens, shall be, and the fame is hereby, from and after the parting of this Act, repealed;

and the said Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign shall extend, and be construed, deemed,

#and taken to extend, in all Cafes, to Alien Merchants, and also to all Aliens who arrived or were in this

Kingdom at any Time on or bdfore the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two,

in such and the same Manner as if such Aliens had not been Alien Merchants, or had arrived in this King-

dom after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the parting of this Act, it shall not be lawful for

any Alien to leave this Kingdom, without a Pafiport for that Purpose first obtained from one of his Majesty’s

Principal Secretaries of State, or from some Person authorized by his ^Majesty to grant such Pailport;

which Pafiport shall be produced to the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, at the Port or Place where

such Alien shall embark for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom ; which Officer, being satisfied that the

Person producing such Partport is the Person to whom the fame was granted, and who was intended to be

named and described therein, shall allow such Pafiport, and shall certify such Allowance by marking the

fame on such Pafiport, and signing the fame with the Date of such Allowance; and such Pafiport, with such

Allowance thereon, shall be produced to the Master or Person having the Charge or Care of the Ship or

Vessel in which such Alien shall propose to embark, before such Alien shall be permitted to embark on

board any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom ; and if any Alien shall embark onboard

any Ship or Vessel, in order to leave this Kingdom, with the Knowledge, Privity,or Consent of the Master,

or of the Person having at the Time the Command, Charge, or Care of such Vessel, not having obtained

such Pafiport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, flgned by the proper Officer of the Customs as afore-

said, every such Master or Person having the Command, Charge, or Care of such Ship or Vessel, shall for-

feit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other

Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place at which such Alien shall embark as aforesaid ; and every such

Alien who shall embark on board any Ship or Vessel, with Intent to leave this Kingdom, not having pre-

viourty obtained such Partport as aforesaid, and such Allowance thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the

Customs as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, at the Discretion of the Court before whom

such Alien shall be so convicted, be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding one Year,

or to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding seven Years: Provided always never-

thelcfs, that it shall not be necessary for any Mariner adhially engaged* and employed in the Navigation of

any Ship or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall be actually so engaged or employed, to obtain

any such Pafiport as aforesaid ; but such Mariner shall and may be permitted to embark on board such Ship

or Vert'd for the Purpose of leaving this Kingdom, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been

made. , - • 2 T«

IX. And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, having quitted their respective

Countries by rearon of any Resolution or Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of

F, a nee, shall not be liable to be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forth-

coming, or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or

by reason of any Debt or other Cause of Action,contracted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than

the Dominions’of his Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the said Dominions of his Majesty; and in

case any such Alien shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned, or held to Bail, or taken in Execution

og a judgment, or by any Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Alien shall be discharged

6 ? * therefrom

