A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricesimo sept

C. 140

142

671

Certificate in Writing under his Hand, (not taking for the fame more than two Shillings and Sixpence,)

containing an Account of the Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, of the Place

where the Court was held, beforewhom he was convicted, and of the Perms and Conditions on which his

Majesty’s Pardon was extended to him, which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and

Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Pardon was granted to him, in any Court,

and in any Proceeding whtrein it may be necessary to esquire into the fame.

\T A I 1 • ^ /• A l _ A 1 rt~M * • /I 11 t 1 1 r \ r • • h * • n r > rr*

v-/ruer ui 1 raniponauon Dy virtue or mis act, or in confinement unaer sentence or any L,ourt iviarti nN to

such Place, in such Manner, and with such Restrictions, as he is empowered to do with respect to Offenders

under Sentence of Death, but reprieved during his Majesty's Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of

Transportation by the said Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

for the effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in

certain Ca/es; and/or other Purfojet therein Specified. .removert by 2+ Gc0

YI. And be it further enacted. That if any Offender under Sentence of Death by a Naval Court Martial

as aforesaid, shall be allowed the Benefit of such conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now

in force touching the Escape of Felons under Sentence of Death shall apply to such Offender, and to all

Persons aiding, abetting, or assisting, in any Escape, or intended Escape, of any such Offender, or contriv-

1 Escape, from the Time when such Order shall be made by such Just ice or Baron as aforesaid,

ill the several Proceedings which shall be had for the PurDofes aforesaid.

ing any iu<

and during

cate of the

Name, Offence,

Piace of Con-

viction, and

Terms of Par-

don, which

shall he Proof.

His Majesty

may remove

Oftendit a under

Sentence ‘of

Death by a Na-

val Court, but

reprieved, Arc.

as OfF-nders so

reprieved, £re

3. ft. 2. c. 56.

Laws touching

Escape of Felons

under Sentence

of Dtath to ap-

ply to OiFenders

under like Sen-

tence by a Naval

Court, if allowed the Bene fit of a conditional Pardon.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to enable the Deputy of the Clerk of the Mouse of Commons, for the Time being, to fend and

receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.—[20th July 1797-]

and Bombay; and for

the Native Princes in

CAP. CXL1I. -

An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta^ Madras,

preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to

India.—[20th July 1797.]

WHEREAS by an A&, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the

East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for his Ma-

jesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to crcdl and establish a Supreme Court

of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to consist of a Chief Justice and three other Jurtices, being Bar-

rifters of Enghnd or Ireland, of not less than five Years (landing, to be named from Time to T ime by his

iViaiefty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs: And whereas by the said Act, and by divers other Acts of Parliament,

• , ;T . r 1. r, . * % 1 a 1 • • . _ • _ /• • 1 f ' . . I \r j • • \ m

13 Geo. 3. c. €3,

enacieu uy UlC rVlilg, > mull CALUHUU ivjajvuy^ v «MVi Willi uiiu 'Wv/iuv.iit. vri mu UfJilliUJI

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That immediately after the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of any of the Puisne Judges of the said Su-

preme Court, that the Office of one of the said Puisne Judges thall be and the fame is hereby supprtffed;

and from and immediately after such Death, Resignation, or Removal, the said Supreme Court shall consist

of a Chief Justice, and two other Judges only; and all Powers, Jurisdictrons, and Authorities whatsoever

shall, from and after such Period as aforesaid, be enjoyed and exercised by the said Chief Justice and other

Judf ;cs, in as full and ample a Manner as the fame might have been held, enjoyed, and exercised, by the

Lid Supreme Court under the Authority of the said hereinbefore rtcited Act, or any other Act or Acts

of Parliament, or under the Charter of Justice, granted by his Majesty under the Authority of the

fame. • ' . - ,

II. 4 And whereas his Majesty has by Law no Power to diredT the Application of any Part of the Reve-

‘ nues of the Territorial Acquisitions in India, as a Provision for a Cftief Justice, or other Judge, of the

4 said Supreme Court, who, from Infirmity, or other causes approved of by his Majesty, may return to

4 Europe: And whereas it is expedient that such Power, to a limited Extent, be vested in his Majesty, his

4 Heirs and Succeftbrs ;* be it therefore enadfird by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Death,

Resignation, or Removal, of one of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, and the Suppression of the said

Office in the Manner hereinbefore directed, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and

Succeftbrs, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and diredi the Payment of a competent

Yearly Sum, out of the Revenues arising from the Territorial Acquisitions in India, to be applied for the Use

J . n I r r __ /"»_ r T n • ...1 T. .1 ...U , S A T 1... ’ /' L ___

On the Death,

&c. of any of

the Puisne

ju<j£e<> of the

Supreme Court

of Judicature in

Bengal, it shall

consist of a

Chief Justice

and two other

Judges.

FI is Majesty

may dirtft the

Payment of a

yearly Sum out

of the Ten ito.

rial Revenues,

to any Chief

Justice or other

Judge returning

to Europe.

my

Mi

III. Provided

