804

G. 60.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

A.D. 1798.

to be void, un-

Icfs the Survey-

ors General

/hall respective-

ly order the

Certificate to be

enrolled nunc

pro tunc.

Money paid

Into the Bank

under this A&

on Account of

the Duchy,

frail be and re-

main inverted

in 3 per Cents,

in the Name of

the Duke of

Cornwall, and

the Dividends

frail be paid

into the Hands

of the Receiver

of the Duchy

as Pkrt of the

Revenues

to be sold as aforesaid, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the Certificate of the respe#ive Surveyor Ge-

neral of his, her, or their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank of England the Consideration

Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to enrol such Certificate, and the Cashier’s Receipt for the

said Money, according to the Directions of this A#, for the Space of forty Days, to be computed from the

Day on which such Contract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and void, and the Con-

sideratiom Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the respe#ive Surveyor General shall, for

any reasonable Cause to him shewn for the Omission of such Enrolment, order the said Certificate to be en-

rolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, he is hereby authorized to order accord-

ingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be paid into

the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this A#, on Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall, from

Time to Time, be laid out, by Order of the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of his said Royal

Highness for the Time being, in the Purchase of Three Pounds/)^r Centum Bank Annuities, in the Name

of the Duke of Cornwall, in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby

authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds, or Stocks so to be pur-

chafed, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall, or his De-

puty, for and in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, is here-

by requirodjto accept the fame accordingly; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be purchased and

accepted shall remain inverted in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and shall not be transferred or trans-

ferrable to any Person or Persons whatsoever, except in the Manner hereinafter described and that all the

Dividends shall, from Time to Time, be paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of the

said Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall for the Time being, or his Deputy, and shall, by force

and virtue of this A#, be deemed and taken by Law tt> be Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy of Corn-

wall, and shall be from TimetoTime answered, accounted for,#applied, and appropriated, to such and the

fame Uses and Purposes as the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter have been li-

able to, and been applied and appropriated in case this A# had not been made.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Council or Commis-

fionersof the Revenues of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, or any three or more of them, by

Warrant or Power of Attorney under their Hands and Seal of Office, from l ime to Time to transfer to

the Commissioqers for the Redu#ion of the National Debt so much of the Capital Stock verted in the

Name of the Duke of Cornwall, arising from any Sales made in pursuance of this A#, as may be nccefiary

for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Mertuages, Lands, Tenements, or

other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall. . . '14,i2t

• § 61.

The Prince’*

Council, See.,

may transfer to

the Commission-

ers for reducing

the National

Pebt so much ’

of the said Stock

be ne-

ceflary for the Redemption of his Land Tax;

The Lands of

the Duchy to be

thereupon ex-

onerated from

the Land Tax,

which frail be

considered as

Relit where

payable by the

Tenants.

Governors of

Queen Anne's

Bounty may

layout Money

in redeeming

Land Tax on

Livings.

Governors of

Hospitals may

apply Legacies

In Redemption

of Land Tax*

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Redemption, by the Transfer of Stock in the Manner

hereinbefore mentioned, of any Land Fax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and upon the Regirtry thereof in

the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or any other Revenues belong-

ing to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, upon which such Land Tax shall have been charged, shall

thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax

charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thence-

forth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be considered as Relit, and be recovered and recoverable as

such by his said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, his Heirs and Successors,

against any Lefieeor Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, and by such Leffiee or Leifees, or Tenant or Tenants,

against his, her, or their Under LefiTees or Under Tenants respe#ively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen

Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to lay out from Time to Time any.

Sum or Sums of Money which now are or hereafter shall be applicable by them towards the Augmentation

of any Living or Livings, tinder and by virtue of any A# or Acts, Law or Laws, now in force, or of the

Charter granted in the Reign of Queen Anne for that Purpose, in the Purchase of so much cf Three Pounds

per Centum Bank Annuities before-mentioned, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax

charged, or hereafter to be charged, in pursuance of the said A# of the present Session, upon the Lands,

Tythes, or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings being within the Meaning of the said Charter,

or any A# or A#s now in force, dire#ing the Application of such Bounty, and which Land Tax shall

have been contra# for within the 'l ime before limited by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living

or Livings, with the Consent of the said Governors, and from Time to Time to transfer to the Commis-

sioners for the Redu#ion of the National Debt such Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, according

to such Contra#s ; and such Transfer of Stock shall, from the Quarter Day preceding the making thereof,

wholly exonerate and discharge the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits of such Living or Livings* from the

Payment of the Land Tax so redeemed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Dire#ors of Hospitals

and other charitable Institutions, to apply any Legacies or voluntary Donations bequeathed or given to or

for the Benefit of such Hospitals and charitable Inrtitutions1and which shall not have been directed by the Prr-

l fan

