95

tricesimo quinto

C. io

4 Wines but such as shall be delivered into the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of his Majesty’s

4 Customs at certain Ports therein enumerated : And whereas it is expedient that the Drawback should be

4 allowed, pursuant to the said recited A61, upon any Wines which may be delivered into the Charge of the

4 Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Dartmouth also, in the same Manner

c as at any of the Ports particularly mentioned in the said A&:* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority

aforeGid, That every Clause, Matter, and Thing, in.the said recited Act relating to the Allowance of the

Drawback on Wines in any of the Ports therein enumerated, shall be, and the fame is hereby extended to the

Port of Dartmouth; and all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures of the said recited

Act shall, and the fame are hereby declared to apply accordingly, the fame as if all the Clauses, Powers,

Directions, and Authorities were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Drawback of the

whole Duties on Foreign Wine imposed by this Act shall be allowed on any Sort of such Foreign Wine

intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other commissioned Officers, employed in his Majesty’s Ser-

vice, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall respectively serve in,

in like Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, and Restrictions, as a Drawback of the former

Duties paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed by an Act, passed in

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Deities

tf Customs and Excise upon iVines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other commissioned Officers^ on board

Ships cf IVar in actual Service ; and to allow such Ships to befupplied with Tobacco Duty-free.

VII. 4 And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of Wine before the first ndtual Survey

4 taken by the Officer of Fxcise after the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety nvc, or Wines may have been fold subsequent to such Survey;’ be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Wine whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed

shall be charged, shall have been or shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contradts or Sales, it shall be lawful

for the Dealer or Dealers in such Foreign Wine, delivering the fame, to charge so much Money as shall

be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Wine;

and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the fame ac-

cordingly. ' ,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wine taken and condemned as

Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the fame shall

have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to

the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional

Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of Wine imported ; and such additional Duty shall be paid and

payable by such Perions, and in such Manner as the former Duties by the said Act of the thirty-third Year

aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law.

IX. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

arifuig by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid

into the Receipt cf his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVejhninJler, and the said Money so paid in as aforesaid shall

be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so

much thereof as shall be Efficient, ftuli be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of

defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of

any Act or Acts to be passed in this Ssffion of Parliament, and that the said Monies, during the Space of

ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly

and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue ;\and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which

all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together

with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of

defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation of any Foreign

W;^ for or in respect whereof the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been duly paid, there shall be

paid or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters a Drawback of the said Duties of Excise, upon the fame

Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Pro-

vihons, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or citabiished, in and by an Act,

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain

Duties now payable on IVines imported, and for granting new Dutils in lieu thereof to be collected under the

Management of the Comtmjftoners of Excise \ and the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the fame respectively arc hereby directed to be used, applied, prac-

ticed, and put in execution, on the Exportation of Wine, for the Purpose of obtaining a Drawback of the

Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regula-

tioas Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been exprelsly repeated and re-enacted

in this Act. t

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every die Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clause9, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the

iwt.nh ^ear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of IVards

8 ~ ' and

31

Drawback of the

whole Duties to

be allowed on

Foreign Wine,

for the Con-

fumption of Of-

ficers on board

the Navy agree-

able to 33 Geo,

III. Cap. 4S.

For Wine con-

traded to be

fold, the addi-

tional Duty may

be added to the

Price.

For Prize Wine

taken out of

Warehouse for

Home Con-

fumption, the

additional Duty

to be paid.

Duties to he

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increased'

Charge occa-

fioned by any

Loan of this

Session, and foo

io Years to be

kept separate

from other

Monies.

Drawback to be

allowed on Ex-

portation of Fo-

reign Wines

agreeable to 26

Geo- 111. Cap.

59> &c*

Powers of 12

Car. !]. Cap; 24,

Arc to extend

to this Act.

