A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 102.

and proper Person or Persons as the said Justices shall in their Discretion think fit, who shall have a Power

or examining within such District as such Justices shall appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Person and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, (having first been sworn

duly and faithfully to execute the Office in him or them reposed, by virtue of such Appointment, and of this

Ail, which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) once in every Month

st the least, in the Day-time, to enter into the Shop, House, Outhouses, and other Premises near to such

Shop or House, and into the Stall or Standing Place of every Person or Persons who shall fell or retail by

Weight any Wares, Provisions, Goods, or Chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and

examine, all Weights and Balances in such Shop, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing Place,

and to seize any Weight or Weights not being according to the Standard in the Exchequer, or any false

or unequal Balance or Balances, which shall upon such Search be found, and forthwith to break and destroy

the fame ; and the Person or Persons in whose Shop, House, Outhouses, Premises, Stall, or Standing

Place, any such Weight or Weights, Balance or Balances, shall be found, shall, upon Conviction thereof

before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the

said Offence shall be committed, upon View or Confession, or upon the Oath of one or, more credible

Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than

five Shillings, as the Justice before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted shall in his Discretion

order and adjudge, such Forfeiture to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, and to be paid to the

Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, where the said Offence (frail be committed, to be by him

applied towards the Expences o( carrying this Act into Execution, and the Residue (if any) in Aid of the

General County Rate.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, resist, or in anywise

oppose, any of the Persons hereby authorized and empowered to view and examine such Weights and Ba-

lances in the Execution of his Office, or if any Person felling or retailing by Weight (hallrefule to produce

his or her Weights and Balances in order to be viewed and examined, he or (lie who shall so oft*end, shall,

for every such Offence, on being duly convidjed on Oath before any one or more Justices of the Peace,

forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as the Tuftice or Justices

before whom any such Offender shall be convicted shall adjudge.; and such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be le-

vied 2nd applied as herein-before directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Justices at their said Quarter Sessions to allow to such Person or Persons, who shall be appointed to examine

Weights and Balances under this Act, a reasonable Recompence or Satisfaction for their Trouble in the

Execution of the said Office, such Recompence or Satisfaction to be paid to fuqn Person or Persons out of the

General County Rate.

V'. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That any Person or Persons convicted of an Offence un-

der this Act, and who shall suffer for the fame under this Act, shall not be otherwise punished for such Of-

fence by virtue of any other Law or Statute of this Realm.

VL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

extend, or be construed to extend, to leften or prevent the Authority which any Person or Persons, Bodies

Politic or Corporate, or any Person appointed at any Court Leer for any Hundred or Manor, may have or

possess for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking, or destroying, any Weights or Balances within

their respective Jurisdictions, but that he, (he, and they, shall and may have and poftefs the fame Power and

Authority therein as if this Act had not been made.

VII. And, for the moreeft'edtually carrying this Act into Execution, be it further enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, and they are hereby empowered

and required, as (bon after the passing of this Act as may be convenient, to pui chafe, or cause to be pur-

chafed, for the Use of their respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, out of the General County Ra(e,

proper Weights, according to the Standard in the Exchequer; which shall be deposited for the Inspection of

a!! persons, either with the reipedtive Clerks of the Peace, or with some proper Person, in such fate and con-

venient Place or Places, within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, as the said Justices shall

direct; and shall be produced by the Person or Persons in whole (Justody the fame shall be lodged (upon

reasonable Notice) at such Time and Place as any Person or Persons shall, by Writing under their reipeef*

ive Hands, require and appoint; the Person or persons so requiring the Production of tine said Weights

plying the reasonable (Jolts and Changes of producing the fame.

VIII- Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any Of-

fence against this Act, unless Information thereof, upon Oath, shall have been given to some Justice of the

1Jcacc within one Month after the Offence committed* be given

4 ^ * Jr- -1 fc ” * a - — . 4 '#• wj 1

IX. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and be ju-

Cjcu’ily taken notice of as such, by all JuJges, Justices, or other Persons, without the fame being specially

fleaded or set forth. -

183

Persons so ap-

pointed , tovifit

Shops, &c. and

seize false

Weights, &c.

Penalty for

having false

Weights, Sec,

Penalty for ob-

flrufting ln-

speftors, or rc-

fufsng to pro-

duce Weights,

See.

Qwarter Sef-

fions to allow a

Recompence to

the Inspectprs

out of the

County Rate.

Persons punish-

under this

Act not tofu ft cr

by any other.

Act not to lef-

fen the Autho-

rity of Persons

appointed at

Court Lccts.

Justices to

cause Standard

Weights to be

purcliafcd out

ol the County

Rate, which

shall be pro-

duced to Persons

paying the Costs

of Production.

No Person to be

prosecuted, un-

lcfs Information,

within a Month.

Public Act.

