459

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo leptimo Georgii III. C. 4, 5.

No. 23.

FOR M of BILL for the Payment of the

Remainder of Bounty.

Day of 179 ,

SIR, £. s. d.

PAY to of on producing and

delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

being on account of the Bounty of

a Volunteer for the County of

belonging to his Alajefly’s Ship if it

shall be demanded before you have paid over

the fame to the Receiver General, otherwise

you are to return 1 his Bill to the Commis-

lioners of the Navy, at their Office in

London.

To the Treasurer of the

County of

Commissioner of the Navy.

Clerk to the Treasurer of the

Navy.

By virtue of the Act of the thirty of George

the Third, Chap.

A. B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name

and Character of any Person entitled to receive

the Wages of any inferior Officer or Seaman,

Non-com mi limned Officer of Marines, or Ma-

rine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in

order to receive Wages due to such Officer or

Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines,

or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of

Clergy, by the thirty-second of George the

Third, Chap. 34.

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addressed, is

directed by At\ 32 George III. Chap. 34. to examine

the Duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into

the Truth by the Oath of the Person presenting the

fame; and being satisfied, he is to tellify to that Pur-

pole upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount

without Fee or Reward.

No. 23.

FORM of B I L L for the Payment of the

Remainder of Bounty.

Day 179

SIR, s. d-

PAY to of on producing and

delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

being on account of the Bounty of

a Volunteer for the County of

belonging to his Majesty’s Ship if it

shall be demanded before you have paid over

the fame to the Receiver General, otherwise

you are to return this Bill to the Commis-

aoners of the Navy, at their Office in

London. , f

To the Treasurer of the 7

County of J

| Commissioner of the Navy.

' 7 Clerk to the Treasurer of the

J Navy.

By virttle of the Act of the thirty of George

the Third, Chap.

N. B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name

and Character of any Person entitled to receive

• the Wages of any inferior Officer or Seaman,

Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Ma-

rine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in

order to receive Wages due to such Officer or

Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines,

or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of

Clergy, by the ihirty-second of George the

Third, Chap. 34.

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addressed, is

dircdlcd by Act 32 George III. Chap. 34. to examine

the Duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into

the Truth by the Oath of the Person presenting the

fame; and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Pur-

pose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount

without Fee or Reward.

CAP. V.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal

Burghs, and Towns, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of

His Majesty’s Army and Navy.—[nth November 1796.]

* 1 \ ^HL^tAS it is expedient for the Public Service that the most effectual Means should be, adopted

4 VV fof providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his A'lajesty’s Army or Navy :* Alay it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament aliembied, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be levied within that Part of Great Men to be levied

Britain called Scotla'id, in the several Counties or Stewartries, and Royal Burghs and Towns, and other in the following

Places herun-aKer mentioned, such able-bodied Men to lerve his Majesty as aforesaid, at such Times and Proportions

in such Manner as herein-after is dircdlcd, and that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act [Tor*?*109.]

it Lin oe as ; (that is to say,)

f or the County of Aberdeen, one hundred and fifty-four.

P'or the City of Aberdeen, indudingthe Parish oi Old Afacbar, thirty-two*

P ur me Burgh of Kintore, one.

P or the Burgn of Inverury, one.

3 O 2

For

