112

C. 59. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. *795*

n't on Persons

retailing Spirits

in Scotland

witlrout Li-

cence.

33 Oeo. III.

Cap. 6i> and

31 Geo. III.

Cap. x, recited,

and

the additional

Duties imposed

by the latter on

Spirits made in

Scotland and

imported into

England, declared

of his present Majesty, or either of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

Vii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley,

Beer, Bigg, or other BritiJ,1) Materials, and which Spirits are commonly called and known by the Name

of Aqua f'ita, in that Paitof Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out an Excise Licence

authorizing such Person or Persons to retail such Spirits, in the Manner required and directed by an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties

on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coajhvife into Scotland, and for granting other Duties on

Licences to fell certain di/lilled Spirituous Liquors in lieu thereof and renewing the fame Yearly, so long as

such Person or Persons shall continue to retail such Spirits, he, she, or they, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Aflfor the Regulation of Diflilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirit*

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,y^r a limited "time, it was enacted, that the fe-

4 veral Rates and Duties granted and imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force upon Low

4 Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption, or upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, used in Scotland

in the Distillation of Spirits, and upon any Licence required to be taken by any Difiiller or Maker of

4 Spirits, from Corn, Malt, or other Materials, or by any Reftifier or Compounder of Spirits in Scotland,

4 (save only and except any Arrears then due in respect of such Rates or Duties,) should be discontinued

4 from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety three: And whereas Doubts

4 have arisen whether by the said recited Act the additional Duties imposed for a limited l ime by another

4 Act, maJe in the thirty-first Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other Things for granting to his Majesty

4 additional Duties upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, for Spirits made or manufac-

4 tured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of

4 Great Britain called England, and payable by the Importer before trie landing thereof, and which were con-

4 tinued and made perpetual by another Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, are not

4 repealed Now to obviate all such Doubts, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That the said additional Duties for Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, are not repealed

by the said recited Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled, An Atlfor the Regulation of

Dislilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of Briti fh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from

Scotland to England, for a limited Time. ' '

not repealed by the former Act.

33 Geo.III.

Cap. 61, re-

cited ;

and Duties

thereby imposed

on Licences to

Distillers in

England to ex-

port Spirits to

Scotland, made

perpetual.

Recovery and

Application of

Fines.

Duties to be

raised, See. ac-

cording to the

Laws now in

force.

IX. And whereas by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, certain Excise

4 Duties were imposed for a limited Time therein mentioned, on Licences to be taken out by Distillers of

4 Spirits in Scotland, for Exportation, from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England; and ccr-

4 tain other Excise Duties were also thereby imposed on Licences to be taken out by Distillers in England,

4 for Exportation, from thence to Scotland: And whereas the said Licence Duties first above-mentioned

4 were, by an Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid, continued and made perpetual;

and it is expedient in like Manner to continue and make perpetual the Licence Duties last above men-

4 tioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties of Excise imposed by the said

Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign aforesaid, for or in respect of Licences by the said Act:

directed to be taken out by Distillers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exporta-

tien from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, and the fame are hereby continued

and made perpetual, and that the fame shall be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times, and in

such Manner, and subject and liable to such Repayments, Allowances, and Abatements, and under and

subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were payable by the said Act, or any other Act

or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act; and the fame shall continue

to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, (the Charges of raising and account-

ing for the fame excepted,) and be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures*

by this Act created and imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means,

and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated,

by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Aftiou of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Ma-

jesty’s Courts of Record at JVtflminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one

Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, (not otherwise directed by the said recited Act of the

thirty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,) shall he to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the

other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties

by this Act imposed shall, from Time to l ime, be raised, received, recovered, secured, and paid, by

such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such

Management, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of ad-

judging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such other

Powers, and subject to the like Allowances, Repayments, Abatements, Rules, and Directions, and by

such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, (except whefe otherwise expressly directed by this Act,)

*3 as

