560

Cambrics and

French Lawns

lei zed, to be

fold for Export-

ation ft.dy.

Comm tfTi oners

of Curtorns may

cause Lawns,

seized at other

Poits, to be sold

in London.

No Cambrics cr

French Lawns

to be exported

but from Lon-

don, and in

Vessels of ico Tons or upwards.

C. 72, 73. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Vf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cambrics and French Lawns which

have been or shall be seized and condemned, shall be fold and diCposed of for Exportation only, under and

subject to the several and respective Rules, Regulations, Reftri<5lions, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the Laws

in Force on and immediately before the passing of the said recited Act in the twenty-seventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty. ^ Jj. y

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, to cause all Cambrics and Lawns which have been or may here-

after be seized and condemned at any other Port than the Port of London, to be brought to and publicly fold

in the said Port of London.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cambrics or French Lawns, whether

the fame shall have been imported and warehoused for Exportation, or shall have been seized and condemned

for any Cause of Forfeiture, shall be exported from, or entered for Exportation at any other Port than the

Port of London, or in any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burden of one hundred Tons or upwards.

Recovery and

Application of

Fints.

Limitation of

Adiions.

General I flue.

T reblc Cods.

Act not to ex-

tend to Cam

brics or French

Lawns imported

and warehoused

by Licence of

the Customs,

before Sept. 1, 1797

No such Licence

to be granted

but on Proof

that the Cam-

brics and Fiench

Lawns were

ordered before

May 1, 1797.

Continuance of

Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures im-

posed by this Act, shall and may be sued for, levied, and recovered by such Ways. Means, or Methods as

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Customs, or by any Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture shall be

to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform,

sue for, or discover the fame.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at

any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or T hing in this Act contained, such Action or Prosecution

shall be commenced within the Space of three Months after the Offence shall be committed; and such Per-

son or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence

for his and their Defence, and that the fame was dqpe in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and

if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the

Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants have appeared, or if

Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants

shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as the Defendant or Defendants

hath or have in other Cafes by Law. - sj /

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder or prevent, or be con-

strued to extend to hinder or prevent, the Entry for Home Consumption of any Cambrics or French Lawns

which have been imported and warehoused, or may be imported by Licence from the Commissioners of the

Customs to b'* warehoused, on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, and such Cambrics and French Lawns shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations*

Rcftridtions, Penalties, and Forfeitures of this Act.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no Cambrics or French Lawns which shall

be imported (under Licence) after the passing of this Act shall be admitted to Entry for Home Consumption,

unless Proof be first made, to the Satisfaction of the CommiiTtoners of the Customs, that the Importer or

Proprietor of such Cambrics and French Lawns was actually and bond fide under Contract for such Cam-

brics and French Lawns, or had given Orders and Directions for the Supply thereof before the first Day of

May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force

until thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXIII. y ^ v

An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from British Merchant Ships trading to

His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies.—[6th June 1797 ]

WHEREAS Seamen and Mariners, after entering into Articles to serve on Board British Merchant

Ships, during the Voyages from Great Britain to his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in the

West Indies, and back to Great Britain, do frequently desert from such Ships on their Arrival at or in such

Colonies and Plantations, on account of the exorbitant Wages given by Mailers and Commanders of

other British Merchant Ships, by the Run or Gross, to Seamen and Mariners, when in such Colonies or

Plantations, to induce them to enter on Board their Ships: And whereas such Seamen and Mariners,

upon entering into Articles for such Voyages from Great Britain, usually receive large Sums of Money

in Advance, for the Purpose of theif Outfit; and Monthly Allowances are frequently paid to their Fami-

lies, towards their Support and Maintenance, during the Absence of such Seamen and Mariners: And

. 1 whereas

