A.D. 1796.

462 C. 5* Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

For the County of Renfrav, twenty-six. . . . r , t .»

For the Burgh of Renfrew, one.

For the Town of Parjley, and the Villages of Newtoun* Williamfburgh, Smith ills, Carriogehilh,

Maxwelltoun, and Millerjloun, eighteen.

For the Town of Port Glasgow, two.

For the Town of Greenock and Carfdike, sixteen.

For the County of Ross, forty-nine.

For the Burgh of Tain, two. Jr JjBr i j 1 r*‘

P'or the Burgh of Dingwall, two.

For the Burgh of Fortrofe, two.

For the Town of Stornoway, one*

For the County of Roxburgh, forty-five.

For the Town of Kelso, three. > ' ,

For the Burgh of Jedburgh, five.

For the Town of Hawick, three.

For the Town of Melroje, two.

For the County of Selkirk, two.

For the Burgh of Selkirk, three.

For the Town of G allowjhi elds, one.

For the County of Stirling, forty-eight.

For the Burgh of Stirling, seven.

For the Town of Falkirk, four.

For the Town of Kilfyth, one.

For the County of Sutherland, thirty-one.

For the Burgh of Dornock, three.

For the County of IVi^toun, eighteen.

For the Burgh of iPigtoun, one.

For the Burgh of JVhitehorn, one.

For the Town of Newton, two.

P'or the Burgh of Stranraer, two.

His Majesty

may appoint

Officers to re-

gulate the

Admission of

Men.

Clerks of the

Peace to sum-

ynon a General

Session of the

Justices;

who shall afeer-

tain the Relit of

Parishes, and

thence appor-

tien the Number

of Men to be

raised for each

County.

m

The Justices’

Cler* to trans-

mit to Paiifh

Ministers an

Intimation to be

read irom the

Pulpit, icquir-

ing Heritors to

meet for j rocur-

ing Men, Arc.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to constitute and appoint

so many Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this Act, for his

Majesty’s Service,as his Majesty shall deem necessary, who being so respectively appointed, Hull establish

within their respective Districts a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous in each such District, for the

Reception of such Men; and every such Man, so to be levied, shall, before his Enrolment, he examined

by one such Regulating Officer at the least, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty; and every such Officer

shall have the full Power of approving or of rejeding any Man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject

nevertheless to such Control and Superintendance as by this Act is particularly directed

III And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace of the said several Counties and Stewartries

in Scotland (excepting the Counties of InVerneJs, Rojs, Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, and the Stewartry

of Orkney and Zetland) shall, within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, and the Clerks of the Peace

of the said Counties of lnverness, Rojs, Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, and of the said Stewartry of

Orkney and Zetland, shall, within fifty Days after the passing of this Act, or sooner if it can bedone,cause

an Advertisement to be published in some one Newspaper published, or usually circulated within the

County, summoning the Justices of the Peace of the said different Counties and Stewartries to meet in

General Session upon a Day to be mentioned in such Advertisement, and at the ulual Place where the

Justices of each County severally are accustomed to meet; and the Justices, when assembled at such

Meeting, shall proceed to distinguish and ascertain the valued Relit of the different Parishes within the

County or Stewartry, and apportion the Number of Men to be raised for each County or Stewartry upon

the several Parishes, according to the Proportion which the Valuation of such Parish bears to t.?e total

Valuation of the County; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn till the Duty incumbent on

them by this Act is fully discharged, lo as such Adjournment shall only be from Day to Day, Sundays

excepted. •

IV And be it further enacted, That immediately after making such Apportionment in each Shire or

Stewartry, the Justices of the Peace in and for the lame shall cause their Clerk to transmit to the Minift rs

of the several Parishes within the Shire or Stewartry, other than Parishes comprehended within the Royal

Burghs and Towns herein-before mentioned, an Intimation to be read from the Pulpit the first Day or*

Divine Service after receiving the fame, requiring the Heritors of the Parish to meet, by rhcmfeives or

Agents, within ten Days from the Time of the Intimation being lb made at the Parish Church or Manse

of the said Parish; and the Heritors, or their said Agents, shall meet accordingly, and ax liich Meeting

shall direct such Measures to be taken as to them shall seem most expedient to procure the Number t f .vlcn

apportioned on the Parish, by the Payment of Bounty Money, and to have the Men procured delivered

over to the Regulating Officer appointed to pass and receive them, within fifteen Days after the Meeting ;

10 11 and

