266

tioral Draw-

backs to be

allowed:

For Short Cat,

4 d. per lb.

Shag, 3d. sq.

Roll, 4d. and

Carrot, 3d. 2q.

Powers of ia

Car. 11. Cap. 04,

&c. to extend

to this Act.

C. 13.

• • /

Anno tricesimo sexto GEORGII III.

A.D. 1795.

ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or in or by any other Law or Laws relating to the Exportation

of Tobacco, in force immediately before the passing of this Adfc, there shall be paid and allowed the fever^l

additional Drawbacks hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For every Pound Weight of such Short Cut Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of

four Pence: . -

For every Pound Weight of such Shag Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of three Pence

Halfpenny: ,

For every Pound Weight of such Roll Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of four Pence

And for every Pound Weight of such Carrot Tobacco so exported, an additional Excise Drawback of*

three Pence Halfpenny. %

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, sin At1for taking away the Court of I lards and Li -

Duties to br car*

Tied to the Con-

foLd.ited Fund,

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increas-

*d Charge occa-

fontd by any

Loan of this

Session, and for-

ten Years to be

kept with other

Duties granted

for the fame

Purpose separate.

from other

Monies.

American To-

bacco imported

and warehoused

may be removed ‘

Duty free to

certain Poits for.

the Use of Land

Forces on board

Ship.

No Tobacco so

fhipt to be re-

landed, without

Leave, in Great

Britain, nor in

Ireland,

Quantity which

may be fhipc.

ing, or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall he practised, used, and put in Execu-

tien, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the Excrfe

Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detedting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties*

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Adh

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That all the Monies from l ime to Time aris-

ing by the Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the

fame excepted,) shall from l ime to l ime be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at ll'ejhmn-

fer; and the find Money so paid as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies to arise

fiom the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Re-

venue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of

any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament j and that the said Monies, during the Space of

ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly

and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period often Years, a Book or Books in which ail

the Monies arising from the said Duties, paid into the Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall, together with the

Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying

such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered fe pa rate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

^ 1% ^ ♦ m *

IX. c And whereas by the Laws now in force, none but Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plant*-

c‘ tiers, which shall have paid Duty, and which shall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be le-

4 tally uled or confirmed on board of any of the 7'ranfports employed in carrying his Majesty’s Land

4 Forces in any Part of Europe: And whereas it is expedient that Tobacco of the Growth or Production

4 of the British Plantations in America, or the United States of America, regularly imported into Great Bu-

4 tain9 should be supplred to the Ships or Transports employed to carry his Majesty’s Land P'orces, for the

4 Use of Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, without Payment of any Duty whatever under certain

4 Conditions Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Commanding Officer of the Forces on board any such Ship or Transport in actual Service, on purchasing any

such Tobacco for the Purpose aforesaid, which shall have been legally deposited in any Warehouse now or

hereafter to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for the Reception of the fame on Importa-

tien thereof, to remove the fame, without Payment of any Duty whatever, by Permission of the said Cum-

in iflioners of the Customs, upon such Conditions, and under such Regulations and Rcftridtions, as they may

deem necessary for the Security of the Revenue, to the Ports of Rochestery Portj,'mouth, or Plymouth, there to

be deposited in the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of such Ports respectively, who are hereby

authorized and required, on such Tobacco being duly entered Outwards, to permit the lame to be shipped

and put on board any Ship or Transport in actual Service, within the Limits of their respective Ports, un-

der the Cure and Inflection of the proper Officers.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tobacco so about

to be shipped, shall be really and truly meant and intended for the Use and Consumption of such Land

Forces, and that no Part thereof shall be by such Commanding Officer, or with his Privity, Consent, or

Knowledge, relanded in any Part of Great Britain, without (pedal Leave first had and obtained from the

proper Olficer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs for that Purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the Islands of

Guervfes, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man*-

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity of such Tobacco shall be al-

lowed to any such Ship or Transport, than two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois by the Lunar Month, for eadi

Non-commissioned Odicer or Soldier, nor shall any greater Quantity be permitted to be shipped at one and

the fame Time, than will be sufficient to serve such Forces for any Time not exceeding the Space of fix.

Months', at the Rate aforesaid.. f

