A.D. 1796* ving Annoying tricesimo ieptimo Georgii III. C. 24, 25.

tested by the Person then taking the Command of such Ship, in Token of his having received such Volunteer

into the said Service.

XI V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of

the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner

as if the fame Provisions were specially enabled in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said

Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like Manner as if the

fame Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Provisions of thlt

Act and Cap. 4.

may be applied

in the Execu-

tien of cithcfl.

A A may be al-

tered or repeal-

this Sc0ion.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of ATTESTATION.

Ido make Oath, That I am by Trade a

and to the bast of my Knowledge and Belief was born in the Parish of in the County

of and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits ; and that I am no

Ways disabled by Lameness, or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; that 1 am not an Ap-

prentice, nor belonging to the Militia, nor to any other Regiment, nor to his Majesty’s Navy, or Marines;

and that I voluntarily enlisted myself at , in the County of the

Day of to serve his Majesty King George the Third, as a Private Soldier, in the

* ' • Regiment, commanded by ^ , . or in such other Regiment wherein I

shall be required to serve during the Continuance of the present War, and for the Space of one Calendar

Month after the End of the YVar, if the Regiment in which I shall be serving shall be in Great Britain, or

otherwise for the Space of one Calendar Month next after its Arrival in Great Britain.

As Witness my Hand, at - this Day of

Witness present

N.B. The Justices Certificate, (according to the Form No. 8, annexed to the Act of the present

Session, in this Act mentioned,) to be subjoined to the Attestation.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in

the County of Middlesex.—[30th December 1796.]

* \X/HEREAS ^is expedient to vary the Mode ofYaifing the Militia within and for the Liberty or District

4 V V of the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of the Tower

‘ HamletsBe it therefore enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fentofthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Constable of the Tower, and

Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets for the Time being, and in the Absence of the said Constable or Lieu-

tenant out of the Kingdom, or in case of Vacancy of the Office of Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants of

the said Hamlets, authorized by his Majesty, or any three or more of them for the Time being, or the major

Part of them, assembled at any Public Meeting or Court of Lieutenancy to be called for that Purpose and

they are hereby respectively empowered and required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained

and exercised such Persons within and for the said Tower Hamlets, in such Manner as in and by an Act

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and re-

ducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part <?/Great Britain called Eng-

land, is directed with respect to the several Counties, Cities, and Places, in the said Act named ; and that

from and after the passing of this Act, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Act of

the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, or by any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia Forces

of this Kingdom, and also all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties Al-

lowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any such Act or Acts, shall be applied, practised’ and

put in Execution, with respect to the Militia to be raised within and for the said Hamlets, in as full and ample

a Manner as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties

Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly enacted in and by this Act, save and except

all such Matters and Things as are herein-after otherwise declared and provided; and that, from and after

the passing of this Act, the several Powers and Authorities given, granted, and contained, in’an Act nailed in

the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering

the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, so far as the same are repugnant to this Act, shall aolonec°r

be applied or put in Execution with jefpedt to the said Tower HamUts. - 8

I

Constable of the

Tower, and

Lieutenant of

the Tower

Hamlets, Sec,

may arm and

exercise the Mi-

litia of the

Hamlets ac-

cording to 26

Geo. HI.Cap. ,

107. the Provi-

fions of which

shall extend to

them. )

13 and 14 Car.

if Cap. 3. so

far as repugnant

to this Alt, not

to be applied to

the Tower

Hamlets.

II. And

