2

/

Superannuated

Sea-officers,

Pensions of

Widows of

Sea-officers,

&c. not to pay,

nor Poor

Knighti of

Wiudfor.

31 Geo. III.

Cap. 30, and

33 Gto. III.

Cap. 65, re-

gited.

t

A

His Majesty in

Council may

prohibit the

Expottation

from Great

Eritain, of any

Wheat, Sec.

ard permit the

Importation of

any i oreign

Corn, Sec,

Duty-free, as

also the taking

out Foreign

Com from

Warehouses

for Home Coo-

fu.vqt.on,

C. 3, 4. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795-

Offices paying one Moiety or Half Part of the clear Monies received on the said Half of the Amount of the

Pension Lift, to be rated, charged, and affected, by the said Offices to the Land I ax, to the Parishes of

Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, ll'ejhninjler, and to no other Divition or Place, in cadi

Year. * \

XCVIIL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any of the

several Clauses therein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions ol any superannuated Commission

or Warrant Sea-officers, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea-officers (lain in the Service of the Crown, or

the Pensions of Officers for their Services or Sufferings in his Majesty’s Navy, or of the Pensions of the

Widows or Children of Officers of his Majesty’s Navy, granted to them for the Merits of their Hufbanda

or Parents respectively; or the Revenue of the most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the

Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; but that the fame shall not extend to leilen-

the Sum provided by this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majjly fioall Jufpeft are conspiring against his

Person and Government,—[5th February 1795*]

<c 34 Geo, III. Cap. 54. recited. Persons imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained till July 1,

44 1795, Ad in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to

“ Treason, &c. suspended till July 1, 1795, &c. Privileges of Parliament not invalidated. Ad may be

44 altered or repealed this Session.”

c a p. iv. . . ;

An Act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importa-

tien, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a

limited Time, without Payment of Duty.—[13th February 1795.]

WHEREAS it appears from the general Average Prices of certain Sorts of Corn in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, That his Majesty is not now authorised to prohibit the Exportation

4 of such Sorts of British Corn from Scotland, nor to permit the Importation of such Sorts of Foreign Cora

4 into Scotland, pursuant to the Powers in him vested by two Acts, one passed in the thirty-first Year of

4 his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation cf Corn, and

4 the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported ; the other,

4 passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an At7, made

4 in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for regulating the Importation and Ex-

4 portation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British

* Corn exportedAnd whereas it is expedient, under the present Circuinstances, that his Majesty, his

4 Heirs and Successors, should be authorised, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, for a

4 limited Time, to prohibit generally the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, and of other Articles mentioned

4 in the said 'Acts, from any Part of this Kingdom, and to permit generally the Importation of the fame

4 into any Part of this Kingdom, whatever may be the general Average Price of any such Sort of Com

4 or of Oatmeal, and further to permit the fame to be imported in British Ships, or in Ships belonging

c to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever,

4 and to permit the fame to be taken out of Warehouse, without Payment of any Duty whateverMay it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of

this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are

hereby authorised, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, whatever may be the general Average

Price of any of the said Sorts of Corn or of Oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively, from Time to

Time, when and as often as the fame shall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the

Exportation, from England and Scotland respectively, of any British or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley,

Beer, or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or

any Indian Cgrn or Maize, or Meal or Flour made thereof, and to permit generally the Importation, into

England or Scotland respectively, of any Foreign Com or other Ai tides as aforesaid, in any British Ship or

Veilel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his

Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also the

taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, of any such Foreign Corn or other Articles as aforesaid,

without Payment of any Duty whatsoever ; and also the entering of any such Foreign Corn or other Articles

as aforesaid, which shall have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the lirft Day of December one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and shall remain on Shipboard unentered, without Payment of any

Duty whatsoever; and in like Manner to recall such Prohibition or Permission, either in Part or in the

Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; any Thing in the said before-mentioned Acts, or

in any other Act, or Part of any Ad, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person shall exporr,

HHHH * 1HH Mr# b K > or

