D. 1798. ving Annoying tricelimoo&avo

C

• •

XXX111.

92s

; . . Cap. xxv’u : .

An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing of the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and

Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham; and for removing the Mar-

ket for Butchers Meat in the said Town ; and for regulating the said Market ; and for repealing an Act,

made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Afte

for the Pavinge g/'Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie ^Nottingham.—[10th May 1798.]

[The Ail of Elizabeth is hereby repealed.]

^ Cap. xxviu

An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

c<f Parliament, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from

Harnham Hilly near the City of New Strum, in the County of IVilts, to an Intrenchment on Asherwell

Hill, in the County of Dorset; and from the Index Pqft on the Side of Harnham Hillaforesaid, to a House

called Majlcr Baker's Farm House, in the County of IVilts.—[10th May 1798.]

Cap. xxviii. ! V *\

An Act for continuing for twenty -one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road from the City of Cirlijle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the

said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

fioth May 1798.]

Cap; xxix. •

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and

out of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grejley Baronet, near the Town

of Newcastle-under-Lymey and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out

of the said last-mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County

of Staffords—[26th May 1798.1

Cap. xxx. “ ,

An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for making the said Canal.—[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxi. • y * • . / "

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty +, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near

toy the Town ^Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to

the City of Worcester.—[26th May 1798.J ' ; ' ’•*

*' Cap. xxxii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton

under Lyne and Oldham, tonnish and complete the lame, and the several Cuts and other Works author-

ized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts pasted for that Purpose T, and for amending the

said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers.-—[26th May 1798.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into

between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood Esquire, Sir 'John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur

Stanhope Esquire, Sir John Morjhead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thistlethwayte

Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.—[26th Mqy 1798.]

T After Recital of Cap. 83. of the Private Acts 35 Geo. 3. enabling the Bilhop of London to grant Building

Leases of Lands in Paddington to the said T. fvoody Sir J. Frederick, and A. Stanhope, their Executors or

Trustees; the Provision in the said Act for allowing the Bishop and his Leflces to treat with the Company

for leafing Lands to them, in order to extend a Branch from the Canal in the Precind of Norwood in Mid-

dlefexy to the Edgware Road, Paddington> in pursuance of Stat. 35 Geo. 3. c. 43.; Articles*of Agreement,

dated Feb. 22,1798, between the Bishop, and the gther Parties named inthc Title of the Ad 3 (which Ar-

' . W * 9 tides.

c. 85*

t c. 59

% 31 Geo. 3.

C« S4.

33GeOt 3-c.ai

