\

xxu

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Geo

55. An A dl for veiling certain Manors, Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within

Weardley, Eccup. and Hareivood, in the Weft Riding ot

the County of York (Part of the settled Estates of Sir

.John Sheffield Baronet), in Edward Lafcellts the Elder,

Esquire, for his Life, with certain Remainders over, dif-

charged of and from the several Uses, Entail, and I rusts,

to which the fame now stand limited, and for settling the

Manor or reputed Manor of Eccup, and divers Mel-

fuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle,

Cooke ridge, East Brean, and Weft Breary, in the fa id

County of York, and also divers Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, respectively,

belonging to the said Edward Lafcellts the Elder and

Edward Lafcellts the Younger, of much greater Value,

in lieu thereof, and by way of Exchange, to the like

Uses, Entail, and Trusts.

56. An Act for effectuating a Partition of the Estates of

Thomas Lcarcroft Esquire, and John Learcroft Gentle-

man, in the Lordship or Liberty of Litchurch, in the

County of Derby.

57. An Act to enable Evelyn Philip Medows Esquire, and

others after his Death, to grant Building Leases of cer-

tain Estates in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of

Middlesex.

58. An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of Cam-

bridge, deviled by John Swale Esquire, in Trustees, to

be sold at the fame Time with certain Estates of John

Swale Esquire, the Son, and for applying Part of the

Monies to arise from the Sale of the first mentioned

Estates in discharging Legacies, and for laying out the

Residue in jhe Purchase of Estates to be settled to the

fame Uses.

A

59. An Act for vesting the Redlory of Lyth in Trustees, for

the Purpose of completing the Sale thereof.

to. An Act for setting out Lands in lieu of, and Com-

>enfation for, the Rights of Common in or upon the

oodlands, and other Lands and Grounds, in the

Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffer in the Forest of

Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for ex-

tinguilning such Common Rights.

61. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and IVafte

Grounds, within the Pariftiof Barrington, in the County

of Cambridge. >

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Walle

Lands, within the Parish of Ridgemont, in the County

t>f Bedford. ,

63. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and

Open Fields, Com.uon Meadows, Commons, and Walle

Lands, within the Parish of Houghton Regis, in the

County of Befford. % ‘

64. An Act for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the

Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, in the Parish

of Cart me I, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands,

Commons and Walle Grounds, within the Parish of

Mauldcn, in the County of Bedford.

(,6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Lanis, Commons, and Com-

monable Places, in the Parish of Sherington, in the

jCounty of Buckingham.

per

Wi

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open

Fields and Commonable Places of Walcott, in the Paiifti

of Miflerton, in the County of Leicester. #

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving

the Open Fieltis, Common and Walle Grounds, within

the several Townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and IVtl-

lerby, in the County of the T own of Kingston uponi Hull,

and withio that Part of W'ulerby which lies in the County

of York. \

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Walle Lands, within the

Parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise

Great IVorlingham, IVorlingham Saint Peter, otherwise

Little IVorlingham, and North Cove, in the County of

Suffolk. , ' >N

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds*

within the Parish of Mirfield, in the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the

' Parish of Marflon Moretaine, in the County of Bedford.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed

Lands and Walle Grounds, within the several Parishes

of Barnwood, Alaifon, Saint Alary de Lode9 Saint Ca-

therine, and Saint Michael, and within the South Hamlet

and the Vill of JVotton, all in the County of Gloucester.

73. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Arable Fields, and extinguishing the Right of Paf-

turage upon a Piece of Land called Haync's Close, within

the Parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny

Hanley, in the County of Dorset.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Half-Year’s Lanth Commons, and Walle

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scrcdington, in

the County of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Waites, and Common Ground, in the Parish,

Liberties, and Precincts of Whitfield, in the County of

Northampton. , . '

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and

Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hatnbleton, in

the Parish of Brayton,in the Weft Riding of the County

of York.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lancelot Shadwell

Esquire, Barrister at Law, with Elizabeth Sophia IPbit-

more his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernefl Baron

de Feilitzfch.

79. An Act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven.

80. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled

Estates of Walter Fawkes Esquire, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale there-

of in the Purchase of Manors, or other Hereditaments,

lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with,

the lVlaniion House at Farnley Hall, and the Bulk of the

settled Estates, to the like Uses as such detached Parts

stand limited. Jj

81. An Act to enable the Vicar*of the Parish of Blackburn

in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leales,

with Powers of Renewal, of Part of the Glebe Lands

belonging to the said Vicarage. ’

82. An Act to enable Trustees to convey Part of the settled

Estates of John Newnham Esquire, ceceased, in the

County

P

