A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo o£tavo Georgii III. C. lix, lx, lxi.

' Cap. lix.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public

Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of IVilts, and the Avenues

leading into the fame; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions

. therein.--[2ift June 1798.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Sewer, upon Little Tower Hill, within the

County of Middlesex.—[21ft June 1798.]

4 \H/fJEREAS there has been from Time immemorial a common and public Sewer, Drain, and

4 V V Watercourse, under Little Tower Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London, and within

4 the Toiuer Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, called Tower Hill Stiver, which receives the Waters

4 from the City Sewer, at the Extent of the Liberties of the City, near George lard, and conveys them

4 across George Yard and Tower /////aforesaid, and discharges them into the River Thames, near Iron Gate

4 Stairs : And whereas by the great Increase of the Number of Inhabitants, and of the Buildings and Ma-

4 ntficlories in the Neighbourhood, a much greater Quantity of Water has been thrown into the said

4 Sewer than was formerly, and the fame has lately beenblown up, and upon a Survey such Sewer appears

4 not to be sufficiently capacious to carry off the Waters, and a new Sewer of gicater Dimensions is abfo-

4 lutely necessary to be made ; but the Commissioners of Sewers acting for the Tower Hamlets, (ex-

4 c'uding Saint Catharine's and Blackwall Marsh,) within whose Jurisdiction such Sewer runs, have not,

4 under the General Law of Sewers, sufficient Power to make such new SewerMay it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted, lAc.

C4

44

C(

c i

4c

ci

u

41

Cl

44

41

C4

Cl

cc

Cl

cc

Commissioners of Sewers to cause a new Sewer to be made, and kept in Repair. § 1. Justices and Com-

missioners may cause any Part or Parts of the present Sewer to be repaired. § 2. Commissioners may

borrow Money not exceeding 6000/. for the Purposes of the Act by Affigpment of the Rates. $ 3. Or

may borrow the Money by Annuities. § 4. . Securities to be entered in Books. § 5. Purchasers of

Annuities to be secured therein. § 6. Securities may be assigned. $ 7. Monies borrowed, and Annui-

ties granted, to be charged on the Rates. § 8. Justices and Commissioners may assess Sewer Rates on

Three-fourths of the Rack Rents; to be levied 3S under the General Law relating to Sewers. §9. Tenants

to pay Rates. § 10. Owners of Premises let to different 7'enants, to pay the Rates. § 11. Dead Walls,

Meeting Houses, &c- to be afiefled. $ 12. Agreements between Landlord and Tenant not affected. § 13.

Commissioners of Sewers may compound for Rates. § 14. and may alter Rates. § 15. Salaries to

Officers. $ 16. Sewers and Materials uled in and about the fame, vested in Commissioners, by the

Name of The Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of St. Catherine's and Black-

wall MajJh. § 17. Courts of Sewers, when neccirary, to be summoned by the Clerk to the Commis-

sioners. § 18. Proceedings not to be quaihed for Want of Form. $ 19. Proceedings of the Com-

missioners to be deemed Originals. § 20. General Laws of Sewers to remain in full Force within the

Tower Hamlets. § 21. Five Commissioners to be a Quorum, S 22. Limitation of Aftious ; four

Months. Notice. Tender of Amends. Double Costs. §23. Monies raised to be applied in paying the

Expence of the Act and the Principal and Interest of Money borrowed. § 24. Public Act. § 25.”

Cap. lxi. ,

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, intituled, An Act for widening and im- 1

proving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for waking a more com*

modious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's

Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes.—[21ft June 1798.]

\\J HERE AS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 Vy An del for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for 35

4 making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan's c*

4 Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes \ the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City or Lon-

4 don, in Common Council assembled, were empowered (among other Things) to make a convenient

• Street, Way, or Pattage, from Temple Bar aforesaid, to the East Ends of IVych-Street and Holywell

4 Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, by erecting Dwelling Houses or

4 other Buildings, so as to form a straight Line from the North End of Temple Bar to the North East Cor-

4 ner of IVych Street aforesaid, and by faking down all the Houses and Buildings between such straight Line

4 and the South Side of the Street called The Strand, and leaving the Ground then covered therewith open,

’ 38 Geo. III. 6 E <4for

