A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 14.

IV. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of Chocolate there

shall be paid and allowed the following additional Drawbacks ; that is to say,

37

The following

Drawbacks to

be allowed on

the Exportation of Chocolate made in Great Britain t

apart

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts

of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain,

(for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid,) and exported as Merchandize

to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of five Pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts

of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, (for which the Duties hereby

imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid,) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, a Drawback

ot on$ Shilling and four Pence:

Which said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and under, subject,

and according to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as

are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the

Time of parting this Act, and relating to the Exportation of Chocolate ; and the said Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby

directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution, upon such Exportation of any such

Chocolate.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

~ ofed as aforesaid, (the necessary

, from Time to 'I ime, be paid

Money so paid in as aforesaid,

shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so

much thereof as shall be fuftkient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of

by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by virtue of any

Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten

Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and

5 provided and kept in the Office

of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the

Monies arising from the said Duties, paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this A&, shall, together with

the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying

such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to

h;$ Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP.. XIV. ' •

§

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by way of Annuities.

[16th March 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, being desirous to raifc.the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your

Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of eighteen Millions be raised by

Annuities, in Manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that

it may be enacted

li Every Contributor of 100/. to be entitled to an Annuity of 3/. from January 5, 1795; a Principal of

33/.6J.&/. of 4/. per Cents, from OSlober 10, 1794; and an Annuity of 8x. bd% for sixty-five Years and

iniee Months from the said October 10; and, in a certain Cafe, to such further Annuity as shall be fixed.

Annuities to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund Half-yearly. Contributors who have made

Ocpofits at the Bank may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions by InstaJments. Guardians may

subscribe for Infants. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. An-

nuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole

of ti.cir Subscriptions by the Times herein specified, to be entitled to the Annuities at certain-Periods.

Annuities payable at the Bank. The Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the

-fury to order Money to be paid to the Cashier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay,'"and the

Accountant General to inspetft his Accounts. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be

afiigped before December 10, 1795- Cashier to give Security, and to pay Money within five Days after

received, into the Exchequer. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Con-

tributors Names, a Duplicate of which shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contri-

butors duly paying their Subscriptions to be entitled to their Annuities free from Taxes. Subscriptions

paid in Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be

transferred at the Bank. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. Treasury may apply the Money paid

into the Exchequer. Accountant General to keep Books for registering Xransiers* Stock may be

deviled by Will, which must be entered with the Accountant General* -Transfers not to be liable to

“ Scamp

c

4

4

4

4

44

44

If of Cocoa

Nuts of the

Produce of any

British Colony

in America,

5d. per lb.

If of the Pro-

duce of any

other Place,

i s. 4<1

Drawbacks to

be paid agree-

able to Acts in

lb i ce,

Duties to he

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

•

Duties- to he

applied in de-

fraying any in-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of

this Session, and

for io Years to

be kept separate

from other

Monies.

i

44

44

44

U

