% I

-% % \

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 115.

gledt, in Cafes where the fame shall beneccflary to make a Rate, for raising the Sum required to be so paid,

it shall and may be lawful for any two or more such Justices, to levy the same by Wartant under their

Hands and Seals, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or persons (o making De-

fault, and to direct the Money so raised, to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of such County,

Riding, or Division, or his Deputy, taking a Receipt for the fame, and the Overplus, (if any,) after satis-

fying all Charges and Expences attending the fame, to be paid to the Person or Persons against whom such

Warrant shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, and Di-

visions, to whom any Accounts shall have been delivered by the Treasurer or Trtafurersof such Counties,

Ridings, or Divisions respectively, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause the fame to be transmitted

to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, and shall also at the fame Time return what they the said Juf-

(ices shall have done thereupon in the Execution of this Act.

. ' . . ' , * ' ’ turn what they have

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Navy, or any three of them, to demand from the Receiver or Receivers General of any County, Riding,

or Division, such Sum and Sums of Moneyas he or they shall receive in pursuance of this Act, and direct

the same to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, for which Payments so made the said

Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorized to give a full Discharge in pursuance of this

Act, such Receiver General being hereby directed to inform the said Commissioners, from Time to Time,

of the Monies paid into his Hands, and such Monies shall be applied to the Repayment of such Sum and

Sums of Money as shall appear by the Tickets of Inrolment to be due to the Treasurer of the Navy, and

which shall, in the Course of his Majesty’s Service, have been paid to any Volunteer or Substitute raised by

virtue of the said Act, as also to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as mall appear by the Tickets of In-

rolment in the Possession of the said Commissioners to be due to any other Volunteers or Substitutes, raised

for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy by virtue of the said Act; and the Residue thereof (if any) shall be

applied for the Use of his Majesty's Naval Service, under the Direction of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Form of the Statement and Account required to be made by

the Treasurer of any County, Riding, or Division, and to be transmitted to the Justices of the Peace as afore-

said, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed, shall be made as follows j (videlicetJ

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

f *|r i *> - V 1 f § > 1 rj- M ,m r 4 w » f t; «

An Account of Parishes within the County, [Riding, or Division,] of —■ 1 — for which Volunteers or

Substitutes were raised in pursuance of the late Adtof Parliament, together with the other Particulars re-

lating thereto as required by an Act, intituled, [Jetforth the Title of the Act:]

Names of Volunteers or Substitutes. Volunteer Substitute. Parishes for which they serve. 1 Full Bounty. Paid at Inrolment. Paid since. Refiduo unpaid.

Sum. to whom.

m 1 m ([ d. $ d. P * d.

An Account of the Parishes within the County, [Riding, or Division,] of — fined for Default of

not raising by the late Act of Parliament, and the several other Particulars relating thereto, as required by

an Act, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of the Act:]

36 Geo.Ill#

Parishes fined. Amount of Fines. Transferred to Account of Substitutes. Paid for Rewards. Residue unpaid.

Names of Substitutes. Sum.

A d* jC» * d. £. i. d. (C* * d.

- 1 i

407,

# w

Payment may

he levied by

Di fli t ft.

Justices to

tnnfmit Ac-

counts received

from Treasurer#

to the Navy '

Board, and re -

done thereupon.

Navy Board

may direct Re-

ceivers General

to pay Money

received by

them to the

Treasurer of the

Navy, to be ap-

plied as herein

directed.

Accounts to be

in the foL'#w-

ing Forms.

3c

CAP.

