A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto G e o r g i i III. C. 45—49

89

CAP. XLV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an A<5L made and passed in the thirty-first Year of

_ T> *__ c M!«_____r . i\ 4 . • n • t 1 A y • • v • r f • I /• . • ,

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pavings lightings watchings cleansing, waterings

repairings and keeping in Repairs Finsbury Square, in the ParishofSaint Luke, in the ....

and Part of the Manor of h infbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with or near to the

9 9 q w f 9 7 ZJ O ^ O f

aint Luke, in the County ^/"Middlesex,

J<*id Square; and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the Jame.

t 28th April 1795.]

■BE?:;/. cap. xlvi.

An Act for laying out and making a new Street from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Streets

within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull.— [28th April 1795.J " ^3 E

■I I CAP. XLVII.

An Act for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of Hay dons in the Pari Ai of JVardens in the County

of North umber lands and lor building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry.

r-r • . [28th April 1795.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for amending two A<5ls, of the thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the thirty-second

Year of His present Majesty, so tar as relates ttf the draining and preierving certain Fen Lands and

Low Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Ille of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

. IpT[28th April 1795.J

CAP. XLIX. i

^f $$ • w * — 0

An A<£t for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder. See 35Gw.n1.

V./ [30th April 1795-J IX#*

4 Most Gracious Sovereign, . ' . r hi

4 \\7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 YV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

4 cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any A<St or Acts for that Purpose to

4 be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 Majesty the Duties herein-after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

4 ena&eci ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britains unto and

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Stamp Duty following; that is to say. That every

Person who shall u(e or wear any Powder commonly called Hair Powders of whatever Materials the fame

shall be made, shall previoudy enter his or her Name and Place of Abode, and annually take out a Certifi-

cate thereof, in the Manner herein mentioned ; and that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or

Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any such Person shall be ingrossed, written, or

primed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Pound and one Shilling.

II. And, in order to prevent the Application of other Names to any Powder which shall be used as Hair

Powder, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Duty, be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

said. That every Sort or Composition of Powder which shall he used or worn by any Person as an Article

of his or her Dress, by whatever Name the fame shall be distinguished, shall be deemed Hair Powder within

the Intent and Meaning of this Act. ,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 7’hat nothing in this Act contained (lull extend, or be

construed to extend, to any of the Royal Family, or to any of the immediate Servants of his Majesty, or

any of the Royal Family, serving in any of the Capacities enumerated or described in or by an Act, passed

in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Alajcfly a Duty

uton all Servants retained or employed in the fveral Capacities therein mentioned \ and for repealing several

Rates arui Duties upon Glasss imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majestys

and f . r granting to his Alujcjly other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting

the Duties - ' a—-*-- /•- ; »----- ^ .... ^-----

ninth Tear

tain Quantities of Silver Plate.

IV. P rovided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Exemption^,

construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby imposed any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of

an Annual Income of one hundred Pounds, or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical Preferment or

otherwise; nor any Subaltern or Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, belonging to any Regiment

in the Army, Artillery, Militia, Division of Marines, Corps of Engineers, or Feasible Corps; nor any

rr employed in his Majesty’s Navy under the Rank of Commander.

3S Geo. 111. N

Person s wearing

Hair Powder to

take out a Certi-

ficate annually,

chargpable with

a Stamp Duty

of 11. is. r

All Powder

worn as an Ar-

ticle of Dress,

to be deemed

Hair Powder.

Act not to ex-

tend to the

Royal Family,

or thiir imme-

diate Servants.

4 14 y t/ / J 1 r# si c i/ci

es upon G afs ; and for repealing the federal Rates and Duties charged by an Act made in the twenty-

ir of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporatey having cer-

V. Provided

