A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo leptimo Georgii III. C. 90. 579

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties imposed by the said last men*

tioned Ad of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, the Sum of three thousand six hundred and forty-seven Pounds and ten Shillings, being one

fourth Part of the Sum of fourteen thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds, the annual average Produce for

three Years, ending the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the Rates and

Duties imposed by the said last mentioned Act, shall, quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day

of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, during the Period of ten

Years, be let apart from the Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties; which Re-

mainder shall, during the said Period of ten Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer*

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said

Rates and Duties so paid into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an

Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to

be made by virtue of any Act or Acts to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be pro-

vided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book

or Books, in which the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties shall, together

with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose

of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from al( other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XXXIII. 4 And whereas it is Expedient that a reasonable Compensation should be made to such Proprie-

4 tors, Printers, and Publi(hers of Newspapers, who shall not advance the Price of their Papers beyond the

4 Amount of the Duty imposed thereon by this Act ;’ be it further enacted, That for every such News-

paper, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, which shall be sold at a Price not

• O ' t\ 111' 1 All 1 f c 1 i* . . 1 A _ ^ 1 1 _ 1

ay or Discount, upon the Amount of all the

Acts in Force on and immediately before

Application of

Duties under

25 Geo. 3.C. 8o.

from Oft. io,

1797-

[3,647/. ioi.‘

firing One-fourth

of 14,590/., the

present average

annual Produce

set apart,

Remain-

der applied to the

Revenue of the

present Session. J

For every News.

paper not fold

at more than

6d. there shall

be a Discount

allowed on the

Amount of all

the Duties.

respective uutits| payaDie or. iNewipapers, by any /\ct or

the passing of this Act, and also by this Act, after the Rate and in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; and that

the said Allowance shall, in all Cafes where the fame shall be made, be in lieu of all former Allowances

directed to be made by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatever.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Proprietors or Printers of any News-

paper, or any of them, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties,

or any three or more of them, or any Officer appointed by them, or any three or more of them, for such

Purpose, that any Newspaper of which such Person or Persons is or are Proprietor or Proprietors, or Printer

or Printers, hath been for the Space of three Calendar Months, or longer, before the passing of this Act,

nfually sold at a higher Price than Four-pence Halfpenny for each Newspaper, it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners to make the like Allowance as hereinafter is mentioned to such Proprietors and Printers

respectively, who shall not advance the Price of their Papers above their usual Price as aforesaid, more than MMli

the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed thereon, the Discount may be allowed if the Advance of Price be no more than the new Duty,

If the Proprie*

for or Printer

shall make it

appear that a

Newspaper has

been, for three

Months before

paflTing this Act,

fold for more

than 4d. 2q.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall bring to the Head Office of

Stamps, to be damped with the respective Duties imposed on Newspapers as aforesaid, any Paper, com-

monly called Single Demy Paper, not exceeding in each Sheet thereof twenty-eight Inches in Length and

twenty Inches in Breadth, to be damped on each Sheet thereof; or any Paper, commonly called Double

Demy Paper, to be damped on each Half Sheet thereof; shall, on present Payment at any one Time of the

Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, on Account of the said respective Duties, be entitled, on Demand, to an

Allowance, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of sixteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so

paid. < 'T

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause two Stamps to be provided,

to denote the Duties payable on Newspapers, the one of which Stamps shall also denote the Discount to be

allowed in pursuance of this Act; and all such Paper which shall be brought to the said Head Office to be

damped, on Payment of the Duties on Newspapers as aforesaid, and whereupon the Discount hereby directed

to be allowed shall be demanded and paid, shall be damped with the Stamp hereinbefore directed to be pro-

vided to denote the Discount to have been allowed; and all such Paper whereupon no Discount shall be

demanded and paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be damped with the other of the said Stamps : And if any Per-

son or Persons shall print, or cause or procure to be printed, any Newspaper, or Paper aforesaid, liable to the

said Duties, without printing, or causing to be printed thereon, the full Price at which the fame shall be fold; or

shall fell, or expose to Sale any such Newspaper or Paper aforesaid, at any greater Price than the Sum printed

thereon; or shall print, or cause or procure to be printed, on any such Newspaper, or Paper aforesaid, which

shall be damped with the Stamp hereinbefore directed to denote the Discount to have been allowed in pur-

fuance of this Act, any Price exceeding the Sum allowed by this Act, and according to the true Intent and

Meaning thereof; or mall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Newspaper, or Paper aforesaid, which shall be

damped with the said Stamp to denote the Discount to be allowed as aforesaid, at any Price exceeding the

Sum so allowed, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be condrucd

to limit the Price of any Paper whereupon the Allowance by this Act granted shall not have been demanded

and paid; nor to prevent any Person,. on present Payment of the Duties imposed by any Act or Acts in force

> 4F2

Persons paying

sol. at a Time

for Duty, to be

entitled to a

Discount of i61«

per Cent.

Commi fli oner*

to provide two

Stamps, one de-

noting the Dif-

count to be al-

lowed, and the

other not.

Penalty of 201,

for not printing

the full Price

on the News-

paper, or felling

it at a greater

Price, Jcc.

Where the Al-

lowance hereby

granted is not

demanded, Act

not to limit the

