420

Penalty of 10J.

lor affixing

/tamped Lift*

ings, after hav-

ing been used,

to other Hats.

Penalty of 101.

for receiving on

Sale (excepting

licensed Deal-

ers from one

another), or

wearing Hats,

without un-

stamped Lin-

ings.

Licensed Heal-

ers may send to

the Office not

less than a do-

zen lined Hats

to be stamped.

and may fell to

other Dealers

lined Hats for

Sale for Home

Consumption,

or to any Per-

fons for Export-

ation, without

being stamped.

Persons not li-

able to Penalty

for wearing

Hats damped

according to re-

cited AO, If

worn be.'ore

Aug. 5> J7y6«

Proof of Duty

under recited

AO having

been paid, to

lie on the Own-

er of the Hat.

Persons offend,

ing discovciing

the other Paity,

if convicted,

freed from Pe-

nalty.

StampedLin-

ings damaged,

or Stamps under

recited Act not

used, may be

cancelled by the

Commissioners.

C. 125. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Manner as to be visible and conspicuous therein, or that shall be marked or stamped with a Mark or Sump

of less Denomination or Value than by the said recited Act and this Act is directed and required, under Pain

that all andeveiy such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, far every such Offence, the Sum

of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

IX. And be it further enaCted, That if any Person shall, from and after the said fifth Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, cut or tear out, or cause to be cut and torn out, from any such Hat

as aforesaid, the Lining or Inside Covering thereof, or any Piece or Part of such Lining or inside Co-

vering, which Lining or Inside Covering, or Piece or Part thereof, shall bear the Impression of any Mark

or Stamp provided by virtue of this ACt, after the fame Lining or Inside Covering shall have been used or

worn, or disposed of with such Hat or Hats, with an Intent to affix the fame, or cause the fame to be af-

fixed, to any other Hat or Hats liable to any of the said recited Duties, or with Intent to defraud His Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall, with like Intent, affix, or cause to be affixed, any

Lining or Inside Covering, or any Piece or Part of any Lining or Inside Covering, bearing the Impression

of any such Mark or Stamp, after the fame shall have been uled or worn, or fold or disposed of therewith,

all and every the Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after

direCted. ' "

X. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the said fifth Day of August one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-six, if any Person or Persons (other than licensed Dealers) buying Hats from other licensed

Dealers as aforesaid, shall receive on Sale, or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, wear or life any Hat subject to any of the Duties by the

said recited Act imposed, wherein no Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed at the Time of such De-

livery, or if such Hat, being so uled or worn, wherein a Lining or Inside Covering shall be affixed, shall

not be marked or stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or shall not be marked or stamped with

a Mark or Stamp placed therein in a viiible and conspicuous Manner, then every such Person offending

therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as

herein after is directed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That.any Dealer in Hats duly licensed in pursuance of

this Adtj may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the said Head Office, any Number of Hats,

not less than one dozen at any one Time, whereon a Lining or Inside Covering as aforesaid shall then be

affixed, to be marked and stamped with such Marks and Stamps as aforesaid as the Person or Persons so li-

censed shall require, subject to such Account of the Number of the Hats so brought, and of the Rates and Du-

ties payable for the fame, as herein-before is directed with respect to Linings brought to be stamped; and the

said Commissioners or their Officers shall cause the Lining or Iniide Covering of every such Hat then af-

fixed therein, to be marked and stamped in some conspicuous and visible Part thereof, according to the

Directions herein-before contained, and the Person or Persons so bringing such Hats to be stamped mail pay,

or cause to be paid, the Duties payable for the fame, subject to the like Discount and Allowance as is herein

directed to be made on Payment of the said Duties; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Dealer or

Dealers in Hats so licensed, during the Continuance of such Licence, to fell to any other Dealer or Dealers

in Hats licensed in like Manner, any such Hat or Hats, lined as aforesaid, for the Purpose of felling the

fame again for Home Consumption, or to any Person or Persons whatever for Exportation, before such Time

as the Lining orlnfide Covering thereof shall have been marked or stamped in Manner before directed: Pro-

vided always, that nothing in this ACt contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to subjeclany Person

to the Penalty hereby imposed, for using or wearing any Hat which shall have been duly stamped or marked

according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and which shall have been used or worn at any Time be-

fore the fifth Day of August one thousand (even hundred and ninety-six; Provided also, that the Proof of

such Hat having been marked or stamped according to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of its hav-

ing been used or worn before the fifth Day of August one thousand (even hundred and ninety-six, shall lie on

the Person accused.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if in any ACtion, Suit, or Information, "for any Offence in using

or wearing any Hat or Hats contrary to this ACt, any Dispute shall arise whether the Duty by the said re-

cited ACt imposed hath been duly paid for such Hat or Hats, the Proof of the FaCt that the Duty has been

paidior such Hat or Hats shall lie on the Owner of such Hat or Hats, or Person accused of using or wearing

the fame contrary to this ACt.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, FThat if any Person or Persons, who shall offend against

this ACt, shall, before his, her, or their ConviCtion of or for such Offence, discover the other Person or Per-

fons offending therein, the Person or Persons so discovering shall be admitted to give Evidence against the

Party informed against or prosecuted; and in case such Person or Persons so informed against or prosecuted

be thereupon convicted, shall be freed and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or For-

feitures, by him, her, or them incurred for any Offence against this ACt previous to such Discovery.

XIV. And be it further erraCted, That if any Stamp or Mark impreUed upon any Lining or Inside

Covering by virtue of this Act, or any Lining or Inside Covering whereon any such Mark or Stamp ia

marked or stamped, shall be damaged'in affixing the fame in or to any Hat as aforesaid, or in it am ping the

fame, or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for Use, and such Lining or Inside Covering shall not have

been used or worn, or fold or disposed of, with any Hat or Hats, or if any stamped Paper Tickets, provided

under the said recited A Cl, shall, from and after the-passing of this ACt, remain in the Possession of any li-

1* - censed

