397

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesiiuo sexto Georgii III, C. 106, 107

• CAP. CVI.

#1 0 ♦ • 1 r j j * \ ^ ^ j» £ 41 *■ .* ^ !• I I

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An, JR

to amend an Art, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, 4 An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty

* on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into

c the Bahama and Bermuda I/l(inds in Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on Re-

c fined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships?—[ 18 th May 1796 ]

, r .* 1| > > ^ ^ * 4p

* % WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Art,

* \ V made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, 44 An Act for regulating

ct

«c

the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Suzar, and for permitting

the Importation of Suzar and Ccffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships \ and for re-

44 ducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships And whereas it is expedient

* to alter the Pciiods at which the Average Prices of Sugar shall he taken during the present YearBe it

therefore enactedbv the King* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That so much of the said Act as provides, that if on the twenty-third Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Average Price of Brown or Mtifcovado Sugar, taken in the

Manner directed by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall not

exceed the Price therein mentioned, that then and in such Cafe the Drawback and Bounty on the Exporta-

tien of Sugar should not be paid and allowed, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

Ceo. III.

Cap. no re-

cited.

So much of re-

cited Act as

provides, that

if, on Auf. a

17 6, the Ave-

rage Price of

Brown Sir'ar ftnll not exceed a certain Price, the Drawback and Bounty should notbe paid, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That if on the twenty-third Day of October one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-six, and on the twenty-third Day of February, twenty-third Day of August, and twenty-third

Day of October, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Average Prices of Brown or

Muscovado Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for theiix Weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-five Shillings for an Hun-

dred We'ght, exclusive of the Duty of Customs paid or payable thereon, on the Importation thereof into

Great Britain, then and in such Cafe the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar shall be paid

and allowed ; any Tiling in the said recited Act: or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall have Continuance until and upon the

thirty-first Day ot December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament.

And if the Ave-

rage Price /hall

not at the Peri-

ods herein mcn^

tior.cd exceed

65 s. per Cwt,

thi- Drawback

and Bounty t*

be paid.

Continuance of

Alt.

cap. evil.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain

coveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and

provements in Navigation and for making Experiments relating thereto.

Dif-

Im-

f 18th May 1796.}

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reien of His present Majesty, intituled, joGeo. UI.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discov cries for Cap. 14. and ’

finding the Longitude at Sea, or making stner useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for

making Experiments relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Aits for the Dif-

covery of the Longitude at Sea ; the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea were em-

powered, whenever they should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals ihat should be

made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement

in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the

Coramiliioners of the Navy ; and also in case they should adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any

Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, though not of so great L!fe as to be entitled to any of the great

Rewards specified in an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of me Reign of His present Maj^lty, intituled.

An Act for the Repeat of all former Arts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to 14 Ceo. lir.

the Anointment and Authority of the Commifioners thereby constituted, and also such Claujes as relate to the Cap. 66. n-

conjlrulttngl printing, publishing, vending, and lieenfing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other ujejul Tables ; ClU4i*

and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Perjons as Jh all difeovtr a Method

for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation ; and for the better making Exper

meats relating thereto; yet that the said Discoveiy was of considerable Use to the Public, or to have m.<de

any other Discoveiy or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, uleful to Navigation, to certify Inch

4 Ids Reward, c* Sum or Sums cf Money, as they the said Comnuilioners for the Discovery of Longitude

4 IhoaU think reasonable, to be paid to such Perlonor Persons ; and the Commissioners of the N,vy were

4 thereby authorized and required to make out BilL upon the Treafutcr of me Navy for tuch Sums so ccrti-

1 sted, who was thereby authorized to pay the fame immediately to such Person 01 Persons ; And whereas

1' ~ ‘' 4 by

