146

C. 80.

tricesimo

795

Proceeds of

Goods pur-

chafed by the

Company, or

sold at their

Sales at the

Owners Rc-

quest, to be ac-

counted for to

them $ and of

Goods sold to

them by the

Commifii oners,

or ar their Re-

quest, to be car-

ried to Account,

with 4I. per

Cent. Interest,

&c.

Commissioners

of Customs and

Excise may di-

rect the Deli-

very of Goods

out of the Com-

pany’s Ware-

holi fes for Ex-

portation to

Places without

his Majesty's

European Do-

minions.

Parts of 33 Geo.

III. Cap. 5*, to

extend to this

Act.

Goods unlaw-

fully landed

may be seized.

{hall, and they are hereby authorized and required respectively, to adjust and settle every such Account

with the proper Officer or Officers of the said Company, and the fame, being so settled and adiufted,

to allow thereof by signing or attesting the fame, and that such Allowance Ihzll be valid and enectual

in Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Net Proceeds of all such of the said Goods, Wares, and

Merchandizes, as shall be purchased by the said Company of and from the said Owners and Proprietors, or

which, on the Requisition of the said Owners and Proprietors, shall be sold at the public Sales of the said

Company, shall (after deducing the Rates and Allowances authorized by this Act) be accounted for and

paid by the said Company to the said Owners and Proprietors entitled thereto reflectively; and that the

Net Proceeds of all such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as {hall be Told to the said Company

by the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or which shall be (old at the said public Sales,

on the Requisition of the said Commissioners, shall (after deducting the Rates and Allowances authorized

by this Act as aforesaid) be carried to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said United Company,

and placed to the Credit of the said Commissioners, and shall afterwards be subject to be ill'ued, and shall be

paid by the said Company, pursuant to such Orders as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council,

may from 'l ime to Time think fit to give therein, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of

four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Payment thereof, such Interest (as to the Goods sold at the

public Sales of the said Company) to be computed from the Time when full Payment of the Pioceeds of

each respective Sale shall have been made, and in respect to such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as shall

be purchased by the said Company, from the Time to be stipulated for that Purpose by and between the said

Commissioners and the Directors of the said Company.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Customs and Excise in England for the Time being, from l ime to Time, upon

Requisition to them made by the said Owners or Proprietors, or by the Commissioners to be appointed by

virtue of this Act, severally and respectively to direct the Delivery out of the Warehouses of the said United

Company of any Goods, Wares, or Meichandize deposited therein by virtue of this Act, previous to any

Sale made thereof, in order to the Exportation of the fame to some Place or Places, not being a Part of

his Majesty’s European Dominions; and that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall accordingly be^

delivered out to be exported to such Place or Places, not being a Part of his Majesty’s European Domi-

nions, pursuant to the Direction of the said Commissioners of Customs, under such or the like Securities as

are by Law required to be given for the Exportation of Goods entitled to a Drawback, and on Payment

being first made to the said United Company of the Charges which shall have been incurred by them in

respect thereof, together with a reasonable Satisfaction for the Use of their Warehouses, and that the unrated

or ad valorem Duties chargeable on the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall in every such Cafe

be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, upon a fair Estimate to be made of

the true and real Value thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared. That the several Clauses and Enactments contained in

an Act of the thirty-third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intitulAn Att for continuing in the East India

Company for a further Term the Pofj'efjion of the Briufb Territories in India, together with their exclusive

Trade^ under certain Limitations; for ejlablt/hing further Regulations for the Government of the /aid Terri-

tories, and the better Adrnini/lration of justice within the same \ for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues

and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns

of Calcutta, Madras, and' Bombay; so far as the fame provide for exempting the said United Company

from the Claims of Individuals in respect to any Embezzlement, Waste, Loss, or Damages of Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize therein specified; or as direct that the Deeds of Covenant, Engagements, or Se-

curities given to the said United Company by their Officers and Servants, for the safe Custody of the Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize of the said Company, shall extend to the Custody and Care of Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize of Individuals; or as render any such Officers or Servants liable to Costs and Damages at

Law for Embezzlement, Waste, Lofies, or Damages, therein also specified, shall be, and are, by force

and virtue of this Act, extended, and shall be construed to extend, to all Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dize, which, by this Act, are placed in the Possession, Care, or Custody of the said United Company, or

the Directors of the said Company, their Officers or Servants respectively, for the better protecting the

fame from Spoil, Embezzlement, or Loss.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That if any Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of India or China, or other Parts within the

Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, imported or brought into this Kingdom, or

detained in the Ports thereof as aforesaid, except such Articles of Wearing Apparel, Jewels, Watches,.

Trinkets, Plate, Pictures, Prints, Drawings, China or Earthen Ware, Glass framed or unframed, Books,

Furniture, or Linen, which shall be permitted to be imported for private Use, without the Payment of

-r, # ’ / m n 1 I 11 1 % t

Persons unlaw-

fully landing

Goods,

Uabk to Penalty.

]<il U UIlllCU ^UUipaii) y VJ1115 wuv* a j v? 111 4 wtiuuuv uy v / auu iWU V.lJUri-

dize, which shall be so landed, unshipped, or taken from on board of any such Ship or Vefiel, and which shall

not be duly brought and deposited in the said Warehouses, according to the Direvtions of this Act, and the

true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be deemed to have been illicitly imported, and shall and may be

seized, and shall be forfeited; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall have so unshipped of

landed the fame, or shall have acted therein, or procured the fame to be so done, and all Persons in whose

Custody any of such Goods* Wares* or Merchandize, so unlawfully landed or unshipped, shall be found.

