XXXV11

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. III.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the

Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Soul hoe, in the County of Huntingdon.

I ox. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several

Open. Common, and Waste Lands, within the several

Manors of Hokuell and Woodbridge, and in the Parish of

Hohvell, in the County of Somerset.

104. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Com-

monable and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of

Somerton, and Compton Dundon, and certain Open or

Commonable Lands, called Southmead and Kingjmoor,

situate within the several Parishes of Somerton, Long

Sutton, Kinvfdon, Northover, and IlcheJIcr, and the Ham-

lets or Titmngs of IVidcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the

Parish of Martock, some or one of them; and also, so

much of a certain Allotment or Tract of unenclofcd

Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as apper-

tained to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll,

in the PariQi of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County

of Sonurfit.

lot. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying

and being within the Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint

Gregory, and Weft Hatch, in the County of Somerset.

106. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Towii-

£bip of CridUng Stubbs, in* the Weft Riding of the County

of York. '

IC7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish

of Lindridge, in the County of Worcester.

»c8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and

intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belong-

ing to, the Parish of Ashelworth, in the County of Glou-

cester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Cooamons or Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of

A lo reton Corbet, Shawbury, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and

Hodnet, in the County of Salop.

110. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of

S out hill, in the County of Bedford.

lit. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common

Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Kniptcn, in the County of Leicester.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds within the Parishes of Hinton Martel and Guf

/age All Saints, in the County of Dorset.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the

Common and Open Fields Meadows. Commonable

Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of

Harrold, in the County of Bedford.

II a. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and

Common Fields Common Meadows, and other Com-

monable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, in

the County of Buckingham.

115. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Waste Lands,

within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery.

116. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the

Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on

X

the Hill, in the County of ATiddlesex, and John Hunter,

of Gubbins, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm

and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South

Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and ATiddlesex, for

a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the

Hill aforesaid.

117. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of

oeflion in Scotland to fell the Superiorities of the Lands

holden Blench or in Feu of the Estate of Lovat, together

with the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vassals of

Proprietors of such Lands to the Heir of Entail of the said

Estate, and also such Parts and Portions of the entailed

Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of Invernefsr

belonging to the Honourable Lieutenant General Simon

Frafer of Lovat, now deceased, as shall be sufficient for

Payment of the Debts contrafted by him, and affecting

the said Lands and Estate, and for vesting the Remainder

in the Heirs of Entail named by the said Lieutenant

General *Simon Frafer, subject to the Limitations and

Provisions of his Deeds of Entail.

118. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the

Marriage Settlement of Edward Buckley Esquire, and

Elizabeth his Wife, in order to pay off an Incumbrance

affecting the fame, and for other rurposes therein men-

tioned.

119- An Act for the better enabling the Trustees to fell and

dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Bigot

Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Ham-

lets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Peplow, Hod-

nett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County of

Salop.

120. An Act for discharging certain Estates comprized in

the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley Esquire, from

the UTes thereby limited, and for settling other Estates in.

lieu thereof.

121. An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage

of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Cross, with Saint

Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His

Majesty, for the Advowfonsof the Churches of Rifby and

Fornham Saint Genovejfe, otherwise Saint Genoveve, in the

County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right Honourable

Thomas Noel Lord Berwick.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain

Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called

JVark Common, lying wholly or partly within the Barony

or Manor of IVark, in the Parish of Carham, in the County

of Northumberland.

123. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Com-

mon Fields, Half Year’s Meadow Land, Heath, Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Blankney

and Scppzvick, in the County of Lincoln.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain

Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste

Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington, in the East

Riding of the County of York.

125. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and

Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and

Ground, within the Parish of Oxhill, in the County of

Warwick.

126. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and

Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and

improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands,

within the Parish of Moorlince, in the County of Somerset•

127. An Act for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedcl.

128. An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soil-

Uux.

129. An

