929

A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. liv, Iv.

Cop. liv.

An Act for further continuing for thirty-eight Years the Term granted by an Act of the twenty-fifth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots

upon every Pint of Ale and Beer fold in the City ^/Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, for the Purposes therein

mentioned; and for explaining and amending the said A&.—[21ft June 1798.]

Cap. \v.

An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, c An Act for the due making of

€ Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof \ and to punish Persons who shall

« adulterate Meal, Flour,-or BreadJo far as the fame relates to the AJfvze and making

of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the

Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

* . [zift 1798.]

« WHEREAS it has been found necessary that certain additional Regulations should be made, and

* VV further Powers given for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in the Statute, made in

* the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more

c effectual an Act, made in the thirty frft Year of the Reign of' his late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

1 tulcd. u An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof and to punish Per-

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Bri-

tain. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act

a A • % I V f I • g* I • g * % J i /I # 1 1 * ^ *| "Y~\ 1 1

of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires and directs that every Baker and

other Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale within the City of London and the Liberties thereof,

or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall prepare, and leave or

cause to be left, weekly, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of every Monday, at

the Cocket Office in the Mansion House, in the said City, an Account, in Writing under his Hand, of all

such Meal and Flour, for the Purpose of making Wheaten Bread, as shall have been bought byjuch Baker

or other Person in the Course of the Week, next preceding such Monday, shall be, and is hereby repealed ;

and instead thereof, be it enacted, That every Baker and other Person making or who shall'make Bread

for Sale within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within

ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, and is hereby required to prepare and deliver, or cause to be de-

livered, weekly, on every Saturday, at the Cocket Office in the Mansion House aforesaid, with the proper

Officer there, a true and particular Account, in Writing under his Hand, of all such Meal and Flour made

of Wheat as shall have been bought by such Baker or other Person within the Term or Space of the seven

Days next preceding such Saturday, for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten Bread ; and that every

such Account so hereby required shall specify, particularly, and in Words at Length, the Street, or other

Place or Places, and Parish or Parishes, wherein such Baker by or for whom the fame shall be so delivered

shall then dwell and carry on his Business, the Names of the respective Sellers of such Meal and Flour made

of Wheat, the respective Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several and respe6live Prices at which the

fame shall have been really and truly fold; and shall be in the following Form, or to the like EfFedt \ (that

is to lay,) ;

An ACCOUNT of all the Meal and Flour bought by A. B. of in the Parish of from

Saturday to Friday both inclusive, for the Purpose of or fit for making Wheaten Bread,

Day of the Month. Sellers Names. Number of Sacks. Sorts of Meal and Flour.

| 4 / -

a • I • * 00

To what Purposes

applicable.

Prices

fxr

Sack.

Total

Amount.

£. s. d.

18 Geo. Ill

6 D

And

0

0

37 Geo.3. c*9&»

recited.

§ 6. of the said

A&, requiring

Bakers, within

certain Limits,

to leave at the

Cocket Office,

every Monday,

an Account of

Meal and Flour

bought by them,

repealed 5 and

in Head thereof,

they shall leave,

every Saturday,

an Account in

the following

Form t

Form of Weekly

Account,

