t

A.D. 1798.

9

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

C. 78.

857

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making such Affidavit or Affirmation

as in and by this A& is required to be made, shall knowingly and wilfully insert or set forth therein the Name

or Names, Addition or Additions, Place or Places of Abode, of any Person as Proprietor, Printer, or

Publisher of any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to which such Affidavit or Affirmation re-

lates, who is not a Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher thereof, or shall knowingly and wilfully omit to men-

tien in such Affidavit or Affirmation the Name or Names, Addition or Additions, and Place or Places of

Abode, of any of the Proprietors, Printers, or Publishers thereof, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act,

or shall knowingly and wilfully in any other Manner or Respect set forth in such Affidavit or Affirmation any

Matter or Thing by this Act required to be set forth otherwise than according to the Truth, or shall know-

ingly or wilfully omit to set forth therein, according to the Truth, any Matter or Thing required by this

Adtto be therein set forth, every Person so offending shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Per-

fons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IX. And be it further enacted. That all such Affidavits and Affirmations as aforesaid shall be filed and

kept in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and the fame, or Copies thereof certified to be

true Copies, as hereinafter is mentioned, shall respectively, in all Proceedings, civil and criminal, touching

any Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, which shall be mentioned in any such Affidavits or Affirm-

ations, or touching any Publication, Matter, or 'Thing contained in any such Newspaper or other Paper,

be received and admitted as conclusive Evidence of the Truth of all such Matters set forth in such Affidavits

or Affirmations as are hereby ^required to be therein set forth, against every Person who shall have signed and

(worn or affirmed such Affidavits or Affirmations, and shall also be received and admitted, in like Manner,

as sufficient Evidence of the Truth of all such Matters against all and every Person who shall not have signed

or sworn or affirmed the fame, but who shall be therein mentioned to be a Proprietor, Printer, or Publisher

of such Newspaper or other Paper, unless the contrary shall be satisfactorily proved : Provided always, That

if any such Person or Persons respectively, against whom any such Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Copy

thereof, shall be offered ip Evidence, shall prove that he, (he, or they hath or have signed, sworn, or affirmed,

and delivered to the said Commissioners, or such Officer as aforesaid, previous to the Day of the Date or

Publication of the Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to wfiich the Proceedings, civil or criminal,

shall relate, an Affidavit or Affirmation that he, she, or they hath or have ceased to be the Printer or

Printers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Publisher or Publishers of such Newspaper, or other such Paper as

aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall not be deemed, by reason of any former Affidavit or Affirmation so

delivered as aforesaid, to have been the Printer or Printers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Publisher or Pub-

lifhers, of such Paper, after the Day on which such last-mentioned Affidavit or Affirmation shall have been

delivered to the said Commissioners, or their Officer as aforesaid.

Person* making

false or imper-

sect Affidavits,

liable to the

Penalties for

Perjury.

Affidavits to be

filed, and they,

or cert fied

Copies, to be

admitted iti all

Proceedings,

civil or crimi-

nal, as Evidence

of the Truth of

their Contents,

against the

Persons swear-

ing, and all

mentioned -

therein, unless

proved to the

contrary t

But if any Per#

son shall have

delivered, pre«

vious to the

Publication of

the Paper to

which the Pro-

ceedings relate,

an Affidavit that he has ceased to be Printer, Sec. he shall not be so deemed after such Delivery.

In Newspaper*

there shall be

printed the

Names and

Abode of Print-

ers and Pub-

lifhers, on Pe-

nalty of tool. ;

and Proof, in

Manner herein

mentioned, that

the Party is the

Printer, Sec.

to the contrary.

After Produc-

tien of theAffi-

_w A

davit, or Copy,

and a Paper in-

tituled as there-

in mentioned.

See, it shall not

be neceflVy for

a Prolocutor

for Penalties

under this Act

to prove the

Purchase of the

Paper.

dc it turiner enduicu, 1 iidi in ionic rart 01 every i>cwi|Mpcr, 01 uuici iuui * upci as aiuiuaiu,

be printed the true and real Name and Names, Addition and Additions, and Place and Places of

he Printer and Printers, and Publisher and Publishers of the fame, and also a true Description of

X. And be it further enacted. That in some Part of every Newspaper, or other such_Paper as aforesaid,

there shall

Abode of the SIR , ..

the Place where the fame is printed ; and in case any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully print

or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, not con-

taining the Particulars aforesaid, and every of them, every such Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum ot one

hundred Pounds; and that Proof made in Manner herein mentioned, in any Proceeding to recover the

fame, that the Party proceeded against is a Printer or Publisher of a Newspaper or other such Paper so

printed or published as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Proof that such Party is a Person wilfully

and knowingly printing or publishing, or causing the fame to be printed or published, unless he shall latis-

fa£torily prove the contrary thereof.

* . * shall be sufficient, unless proved

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary, after any such Affidavitor Affirmation, or

a certified Copy thereof, shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid against the Persons who signed

and made such Affidavit, or are therein named, according to this Act, or any of them, and after a News-

paper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, shall be produced in Evidence, intituled in the same Manner as the

Newspaper or other Paper mentioned in such Affidavit or Copy is intituled, and wherein the Name or

Names of the Printer and Publisher, or Printers and Publishers, and the Place of printing, shall be the fame

as the Name or Names of the Printer and Publisher, or Printers and Publishers, and the Place of printing

mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation, for the Plaintiff, Informant, or Prosecutor, or Person seeking

to recover any of the Penalties given by this Act, to prove that the Newspaper, or Paper to which such Trial

relates, was purchased at any House, Shop, or Office, belonging to or occupied by the Defendant or De-

fendants, or any of them, or by his or their Servants or Workmen, or where he or they, by themselves or

their Servants or Workmen, usually carry on the Bufinefsof printing or publishing such Paper, or where the

fame is usually fold. • ^ t *

XII. And be it further enacted, That Service at the House or Place mentioned in such Affidavit or Af-

firmation as aforesaid, as the House or Place at which such Newspaper, or other such Paper as aforesaid, to

which any Proceedings, civil or criminal, shall relate, is printed or published, or intended so to be, of any

leeal Notice, Summons, Subpoena, Rule, Order, or Process, of what Nature whatsoever, or to enforce

38 Geo. III. 5 S an

Service at the

Printing House

mentioned in

Affidavit, to be

deemed iuffi-

cient Notice to

1

I

1

I

J

