49 2.

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carriec to the

C'onfolidated

Fund 4

and deemed an

Addition to the

Revenue for de-

fraying the in-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of

this SeUion*

Distiikrs in

Scotland may

deliver up their

Licences before

Jan. ao, 1797,

and receive a

proportional

Part of the Duty

paid.

Where Entry

has been made

of more Stills

than one, Li-

cence may be

vacated in Part.

A& may be al-

tered or repeal-

, this Session.

C. 17,18. Anno triedimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796,

and contained in the said Acts respectively, shall be practised and put in Execution for the railing, receiving,

levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, and for the

making any Repayment, Allowance, or Abatement, in Manner in the said Act directed, as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by

this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted,} shall from Time

to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westmitifler \ and the said Monies so paid

into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising,

or toarife, by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue,

for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be

created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said

Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Ex-

chequer at Westmipfler, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there

shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten

Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the

said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session

of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart

from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successiors, upon any Account whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed by the

Commissioners of Excise to work any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low

Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, or any Kind of Materials herein-mentioned, or for the rectifying, com-

pounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland) to deliver up his, her, or their Licence

to the said Commissioners, or to the Principal Officer of Excise within the Division, who shall, and they are

hereby respectively authorized to vacate the fame; and every such Person or’Persons delivering up such Li-

cence to be vacated before the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

shall be entitled to a Return of a Part of the Duty paid thereupon for the present Year, in proportion to the

Period of such Year then unexpired; and all and every such Person or Persons shall be and they are hereby

fully indemnified, freed* and discharged from any Payment of Duty by this Act imposed, and from any Pe-

nalty, Forfeiture, Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for or by reason of his or their having worked or working

any Still or Stills under the Authority of such Licence, between the Time appointed by this Act, for the

Commencement of the said Duties, and the 'I'ime of delivering up such Licence as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Licence shall have been granted

to any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, and any Entry or Entries shall have been

made by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, of more^Stills than one under such Li-

cence, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners and Officers of Excise respectively, on Notice be-

ing given to them respectively in Writing, bcfofe the Day herein mentioned, of the Intention of such Dif-

tiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to ccafe working one or more of such Stills, and to con-

tinue to work the other or others of such Stills, to indorse the fame on the Back of such Licence, specifying

in such Indorsement the Content of such Still or Stills respectively, and distinguishing such as are intended to

be worked from such as arc not intended to be worked after the l ime before limited, and to re-deliver such

Licence to such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, with such Indorsement thereupon ;

and which Indorsement on fych Licence shall be deemed to vacate such Licence, in such Part only as relates

to the Still or Stills which shall cease to be worked, as aforesaid, and an Abatement of Duty shall be madeoa

such last-mentioned Still or Stills only; and which shall and may be set off against any Duty to which such

Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall be liable to pay by virtue of this Act, in respectof

such Still or Stills, as he, she, or they shall continue to work after the l ime limited as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for altering certain Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters in England and

Scotland respedtivdy, and of Packets to and from Great Britain^ from and to Portugal

and the British Colonies in America respectively; and for setting apart, at the Receipt of

the Exchequer, for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Pod Office, the

Annual Sum of forty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the increased Charge occa-

fioned by any Loan raised, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts palfed in the thirty-

filth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.—[28th December 17(j6.) \: jf

^ < -

Most Gracious Sovereign,

€ \\7 HEREAS it is expedient that certain Rates of Postage established by an Act of the ninth Year of

‘ the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney and by two several Acts of the fifth and twenty-fourth

‘ Years of your Majesty's Reign, should be repealed: We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal SubjcdK

the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, as well for the Purposes aforesaid, as towards

9 . 4 railing

