590

' Acts done by

the Subjects of

the United

States or of his

Majesty, in pur-

fuance of the

said thirteenth

Article, since

the final Ratifi-

cation of the

Treaty, to be

lawful.

All Lands, &c.

held in Great

Britain or its De-

pendencies by

American Citj-

rens on OdL aS,

J795, to be 111-

joy  agreeably

to Article IX.

of the Treaty.

Act not to give

any Right, ex

cept fuclt as

may be necef-

fary for the Per-

formance ol the

Stipulations of

the said Article.

Regulations for

carrying into

Effect an Agree-

ment in the

Treaty mutually

to d< liver up

Persons charged

with Murder or

forgery.

Continuance of

At\y during the

Treaty.

C. 97*

ving Annoying triceflmo feptimo Georgi 1 III. A.D. 1797.

and Navigation, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding, and particularly notwithstanding any Provisiom

contained in an A&, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation.

XXIII. And be it fufther enacted, That all Acts done, or Engagements entered into by the Subjects of

the United States, or of his Majesty, in pursuance of the said thirteenth Article, shall be deem d and taken

to be lawfully done, provided the fame shall have been done or entered into since the final Ratification of the

said T reaty, and provided the fame might have been done and entered into agreeably to the said thirteenth

Article, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be, in all Rc-

spe&s, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been done, entered into, or had taken

place subsequent to the passing of this A<5f, any Prohibition to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Penalty,

Forfeiture, or DiLbility, of any Kind or Nature whatsoever, (hal be incurred or sued for, for or on account

of any such Acts or Engagements.

XXIV. 4 And whereas', by the ninth Article of the said Treaty, it was agreed that British Subjects, who

4 then held Lands in the Territories of the said United States, and American Citizens, who then held Lands

4 in the Dominions of his Majesty, should continue to hold them according to the Nature and Tenure of

c their respective States and Titles therein, and might grant, fell, or devise the fame to whom they should

/ please, in like Manner as if they were Natives, and that neither they nor their Heirs or Assigns should,

4 so far as might respetSfc the said Lands and the legal Remedies incident thereto, be regarded as Aliens;’ be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the

Kingdom of Great Britain, or the Territories and Dependencies thereto belonging, which on the said

twenty-eighth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five (being the Day of the Exchange

of the Ratification of the said Treaty between his Majesty and the said United States) were held by American

Citizens, shall be held and enjoyed, granted, fold, and deviled, according to the Stipulations and Agreements

contained in the said Article ; any Law, Custom,or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give

any Right, Title, or Privilege to any Person, not being a natural-born Subject of this Realm, which such

Per foil would not have been entitled to if this had not been made, other than and except such Rights,

T itles, and Privileges as shall be necessary for the true and faithful Performance of the Stipulations in the

said Article

being either a

or Privilege, to which such Person would not have been entitled if this Act had not been made.

XXVI. * And whereas by the said Treaty it is further agreed, that his Majesty and the United States,

4 on mutual Requisitions by them respectively, or by their respective Ministers or Officers authorized to

4 make the fame, will deliver up to Justice all Persons who, being charged with Murder or Forgery com-

4 mitted within the Jurisdiction of either, shall seek an Asylum within any of the Countries of the other,

4 provided that this shall only be done on such Evidence of Criminality as, according to the Laws of the

4 Place where the Fugitive or Person so charged shall be found, would justify his Apprehension and Com-

4 mitment for Trial, if the Offence had there been committed, and that the Expence of such Apprehension

4 and Delivery shall be borne and defrayed by those who make the Requisition, and receive the Fugitive;'

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Requisition shall at any Time be made, in pursuance

of and according to the said Article, for the Delivery of any Person charged with Murder or Forgery, com-

mitted within the Jurisdiction of the said United States, it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty’s Principal

Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to signify that such Requisition has been so made,

and to require all Justices of the Peace, and other Magistrates and Officers of Justice, to govern themfeh'es

accordingly, and to be aiding and assisting in apprehending the Person so charged, and committing such Per-

son, for the Purpose of being delivered up to Justice, according to the Provisions in the said Article, and

thereupon it shall be law ful for any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Power to commit for Trial

Persons charged with Offences against the Laws of this Kingdom, to examine upon Oath any Persons or

Person touching the Truth of such Charge, and upon such Evidence as, according to the Laws of this

Kingdom, would justify the Apprehension and Commitment for Trial of the Person so charged, if the Of-

fence wherewith he shall be so charged had been committed in this Kingdom, it shall be lawful Ibr such

Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Power to commit as aforesaid, to commit the Person so

charged to his Majesty’s Gaol, there to remain, until delivered pursuant to such Requisition as aforesaid,

and thereupon it shall be law'ful for one of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, to order the Person so committed to be delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the

said United States to receive the Person so committed, and convey such Person to the Dominions of the said

United States, to be tried for the Offence with which such Person shall be so charged; and if the Person lo

charged shall escape out of any Custody to which he shall be committed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to

retake such Person in the same Manner as any Person charged with any Offence against the Laws of this

, iiviiigt.? ao man ul nciiuai y iui uiu uuu auu icmmui i uiuiuiantu ui uiv uupuiauuiid ill uiw

contained, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or to give to any Person, not

a natural-born SubjedI of this Realm, or a Citizen of the said United States, any Right, Title*

Kingdom may be retaken upon an Escape, so that such Person so charged as aforesaid may be effectually de-

livered up to justice, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of the said Article of the said Treaty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Adf shall continue in Force so long as the said T reaty

between his Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in Force, and no longer.

CAP

