A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptitno Georgi/ III. C. 63, 64,

4 1

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Ship or Vessel, being regiflered, and

having a Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, and being navigated as Br/tish Ships are now, or may hereafter

be required by Law to be navigated, to import and exnort to and from any Place or Places whatsoever, such

Goods and Merchandizes respectively, and none other, as may be imported and exported by any Ship or

Vessel c,.ken and condemned as lawful Prize; such importations and Exportations to be made in like Manner,

and under and subject to the like Duties, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subjedtto the like Penal-

ties ai d forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as if the fame were made by any Ship or Vessel taken and con-

demned as lawful Prize: Provided always, that such Ships and Veflvls so put under his Majesty’s Protec-

tien, shall not be allowed to import or export any Goods whatsoever to or from any Port in Europe not in

the Poileflion of his Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of

his Privy Council, at any Time on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vtllel in any Port of Great Britain,

upon Application to him made, and upon Consideration of such Circuinstances as shall satisfy his Majesty

of the Expediency thereof, to authorize any such Ship or Vessel (without Payment of any Duty whatever

for the said Ship or \ eflel, or the Sails and other necessary Tack’e, Apparel, and Furniture thereof,) to be

reg ftered, and to have a Certificate thereof, as in the Cafe of a Prize Ship, in any Port in the Kingdom of

Great Britain; and such Ship or VeflM so registered shall, in such Cafe, be entitled to all the Privileges

and Advantages which belong, by Law, to Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize.

V. 4 And whereas, by an Act, passed in the t welfth Year of the Reign of King Char/es the Second, in-

tituled, An Act for the encouraghig and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is enacted, That no Alien,

or Person not born within the Alleg alice of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, or

natu alized or made a free Denizen, shall exercise the Trade or Occupation cf a Merchant or Factor in

any Lands, islands. Plantations, or Territories, to his Majesty belonging or in his Poileflion, or which

might thereafter belong unto or be in the Pcftefiion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia,

Africa, or America, upon pain of the Forfeiture and Loss of all his Goods and Chattels, or which are

in his Poileflion ;’ be it enacted, That every Person, although an Alien born, and neither naturalized nor

made a free Denizen, who shall reside in any Island or Place which has surrendered, or which shall hereafter

surrender, to his Majesty, and be in his Majesty’s Post'cflion, and who shall have taken the Oath of Fidelity

and Ailegi mce to his Majesty, according to the Terms of the Capitulation under which such Island or

Place shall have surrendered, (half be, and shall from the l ime of such Surrender be deemed to have been,

entitled to exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any such Island or Place, during so

. —V « . « I I . 1 l\ /M • t I l\ “1 r 1 \ 1 1 r ■

,ll wo ciuvj cld me* iviujt u y a n»un uiu may uuoiv. 10 mv* i vi i i uvw j

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That th s Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

extend, or be cooftrued to extend, to take away, abridge, vary, or alter, any of the Rights or Privileges be-

longing to, and vested in, the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by any

Charter, Act of Parliament, or otherwise whatsoever, respecting Perlonsresident in, or carrying on, or being

concerned in any Trade to, from, or in any Place or Places within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the

said United Co npany : but all Persons refuient, and <ill Tnde to be carried on within the said Limits, under

• b ^ /> 1 ^la > % f . 1 a it* / 1 _ 11 1 A1 n 1 t •.

Good

HM W %• ^ ^ ' Q ^ ~ J J ~ ~ J ~~ ~ ~ 9 ^ 9 9 9

British Subject, would be subject and liable to by Law for doing any Thing in Violation of the Rights and

Privileges of the said United Company; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwithstandirig. ; "■

VII. And be it lurther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (lull and may be lawful for the respec-

tive Governors or Lieutenant Governors, or Officers commanding in chief of the Gape of Good Hote. of

the Island of Ceylon, and of Cochin on the Coast of Malabar, or of the Island of Trinidad in the West Indies,

or of the Settlement of Demera'y on the Continent of South America, to administer the Oaths, grant the

Certificates, and do ail and every other Matters and I hings in and ab >ut the regiftenng of the said Ships,

which, under the Authority of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the RHgn of liis present Majesty,

intituled, An A I fir the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, may be done by

the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in ChLf, and principal Officer or Officers ol his

Majesty’s Revenue f Customs, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in

America, respecting the regifleting of Ships there; and the said Governors or Lieutenant Governors, or

Officers commanding in chief at such Places respectively, shall appoint such Officers under them as they

ftialk mink proper, forlurveying the Ships to be registered, and for doing all other Things relating thereto,

which, in and by the said Act, is to be done by certain Officers of the Cuitoms therein mentioned.

^ *CAP. LXIV.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the ITefl India

Blands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in foreign

Bottoms.— [25th May 1797.] . . . : 2

S51

Such Vessels

may import and

export as Prize

Vessels.

His Majestyf

may authorize

such Vessels to

be registered as

Prize Ships in

Great Britain.

12 Car. 2. c. 18.

Aliens redding

in any Place

surrendered to

his Majesty,

may act as Mer-

chants or Fac-

tors ; taking

Oath of Allegi-

alice.

Act not to

abridge the

Rights of the

Haft India Com-

pany.-

Governors of -

Cape of Good

Hope, Arc. may

administer

Oaths, gnnt

Certificates of

Registry, Sec.

agreeably to

26 Geo. 3. c. 60.

[See St at. J2

Car. 2. Cap. i8.

and the other Na»

•vigatkH Atli- J

CAP.

