94i

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. lxiv—Ixxi.

Cap. Ixiv. 1

An A&. to alter and enlarge the Powers of an A&, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of Hrs

present iYlajefly*, intituled, An A5i for building a Bridge over the River itchin, at or near Northarn,

within the Liberties of the Town end County of the Town 0/Southampton, and for making a Road from the

Jdid Town to the fetid Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Well hnu to

Botley, in the County ^ Southampton.—[21ft June 1798.]

p ‘ Cap. lxv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty ninth ^ ear

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eig' teenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leaJing from a Place called

Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top oi Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate, in the

Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the fame relate to the Oxford DifluCt of

the said Roads therein mentioned.—[21ft June 1798.] ,

Cap

Cap. Ixvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Tctbury, in the County of

Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Churchway in Lower Stanton Fields in the County of

IVilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid ; and

from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament’s Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester ;

and alfothe Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Alalmefbury, and to the 1 urnpike Road

at Alton Turville; and also from Shetstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath ; and for

making, maintaining, widening, and improving several other Roads communicating therewith.

_f [2llt JHW* 1798.]

Cap. Ixvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, and rendering more efiedlual, several Acts for repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer near

Bacfhot, *n the County of Surrey, to Hertford-Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from

thence to Bafngjloke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough Lane near Odiham aforesaid, over

Nortkwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke,

Mattinvley, and Heckfeld, to aOPIace called the Bull Inn in the Parish of Swallowfiell,on the Turnpike Road

leading from the Town of Reading^ in the County of Berks, to Basingfloke aforesaid.—[21ft June 1798* J

4

\ Cap. Ixviii.

An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth

at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.—[28th June 1798.J

Cap. lxix.

An Act for separating the two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Pbjhp and Jacob, and Tfoe

Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor and the Repairs

of the Highways of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and 'Faxes, except the Land 1 ax ;

and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George i and lor

the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes.—[28th June 1798.J

• 1 ’ ,

Cap. lxx.

An A&for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell,

Bardolph, IVimbotJham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk. —[28th June 1798.J

y ‘ Cap. Ixxi.

An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending

the Township of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Mane

Stow

the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through

\efler. in the County Palatine oi Lanca/ler.

J ’ [28th June 1798.]

Cap.

c. 94.

/

1

