A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 4.

be levied for the several Parishes, Tithings, or Places, within your District, and of the Time of raifirg the

fame, according to the Lift hereunto annexed; and you are hereby required to make a Return to the Justices

of the Peace in and for your District, at the first Petty Sections to be holden for the said District, by virtue of

the said Act, on the Day of next following, being the Day appointed for

making Returns of all Matters and Things done by you, according to the Directions therein contained.

Signed lor and by Order of the said Justices, and according to the Directions of the said ACt.

, A. B. Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

r £; No. 4.

FORM of the Notice to Churchwardens.

f To the Overseers tf the Parish of or of the several

M-----s Parishes, Tithings, or Places of in the said County, and to each

( and every of them. k -

NOTICE is hereby given to you, that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, at a General

Sections assembled under and by virtue of an ACt, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the At/,] by their

Order, bearing Date the Day of have appointed one Man, (or Men,)

to be levied and raised for the Parish of [or if two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places

are added together, name the Parishes, Tithings, or Places]; and you are hereby required, immediately

after the receiving this Notice, to call together the principal Inhabitants of the said

at a Vestry to be held within the said [if more Parishes, See. than one, here insertihe Parish9

&c. fi'Jl named in the Order of Appointment,] to take into Consideration the most speedy and effectual

Means of raising the said (Man or Men) appointed to be raised for the said in

pursuance of the said Act, of which Meeting you are to give two Days public Notice in Writing, by

affixing the fame on the Church or Chapel Door of your Parish or Place (or, if more than one) Chuych or

Chapel Doors of your respective Parishes or Places, or if there is no Church or Chapel in your rarish,

(or Place,) then on the nearest Church or Chapel Door, according to the Form annexed: And you are

hereby required to take Notice, that such Man {or Men) is {or are) to be raised on or before the

Day of next ensuing, being twenty-one Days alter the Date of the said Order; and

that as foonas you have agreed with any Person to serve, you are to produce every such Person before the

proper Officer appointed to regulate the Admission of Men into the Army (or Navy, as the Cafe may be)

for your Parish. and if he {hall approve of him, you are then to cause him to be brought before two or*more

Justices of the Peace of this County, to be examined; and in case the Regulating Officer shall reject any

Person raised by you, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate No-

tice of your Intention to appeal to the Justices at the next Petty Sections to be held in your District j and

you are to make a Return of all Matters and Things done by you and the Inhabitants aforesaid, or any of

you or them, in pursuance of the said Act, and according to the Directions herein contained, to the Justices

of the Peace adiing in and for the District of at a Petty Sections to be holden ac

on the Day of next ensuing. Dated tins

Day of . in the Year of our Loid

A. B. Chief Constable of

' No. 5. - -

FORM of Notice to the Principal Inhabitants of any Parijlo or Place, or Parishes or Places united together

To the Principal Inhabitants of \ *

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next ensuing, at a Vestry

(or Meeting) at to take into Consideration the most speedy and eftedlual Means of raising

one Man (or Men) appointed at a General Sections of the Peace holden on the

to be raised by you for the Service of the Army, (or Navy, as the Cafe may be,) in pursuance of an Act, in-

tituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the At7;] and so that such Man (or Men) be raised, approved of, and

enrolled In his Majesty’s Service, on or before the

being the Time appointed for railing such Man (or Men).

No. 6.

FO RM of Order for fixing the Time of Appeals.

To the Overseers of the several Parishes, Tithings, and Places, within the

of in the County (Riding, or Division) of and to each &nd

every of them. » . f

Jbl—— 7 AT the first Petty Sections held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the

J Afl}] for the Purpose of receiving the Returns of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes,

i JWi -v Tithings

Uay ot

A. B.

a d. } °verfcers<

now next enluing.

