CO

752 c. 41.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georg ii III,

A.D. 1798.

r*

4 7-

f.I 24,

: SCHEDULE C. . : Jj.

SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, kent

and used by any Perfoii1 or I'erfons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage

chargeable with Duty by this Act.

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

DUTIES payable

for each Horse,

Mare, or Gelding.

£■

I

x. d.

4

16

For otic such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more -

For two such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - i

For three such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - - - 2

For four such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - 2

For five such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, arid no more - - 2

For fix such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For (even, and not more than eight such Horses, Mares, or Geldings - 2

For nine such Horses, -Mares, or Geldings, and no more - 2

For ten and not more than twelve such Horses, Mares, or Geldings -

For thirteen and not more than sixteen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings - 2

For seventeen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For eighteen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - - 2

For nineteen such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more - - 2

For twenty such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or upwards . - N - 2

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping and using the said Horses, Mares,

or Geldings, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force.

; SCHEDULE D- ' / I IMbH

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, not

charged with any Duty, according to Schedule C. and also on Mules.

5

6

10

11

11

12

12

*3

l3

»4

>5

6

6

6

Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or Mules.

DUTIES payaHc

for each Horse,

Mare, or GtWing,

or Mule.

iL

For each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept by any Person, and not charged with any Duty? j x.

according to Schedule C. as aforesaid, and for each Mule , - -1 — 6

The fard Rate or Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Horses, Mares, Geldings, or

Mules, and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force, and not to be

charged for any Mule which shall not have been used, nor for any Horse, Marc, or Gelding, of any

Person duly licensed to keep a public Stage Coach or Diligence, used and employed solely by such Pert’oU

in drawing such Stage-Coach or Diligence.

schedule' e. ;

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every DOG of the several Descriptions hereinafter

mentioned, kept by or for the Use of any Person or Persons.

NUMBER of DOGS. J

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier; and

for every Dog, of whatever Description or Denomination the fame may be, where any

Person shall keep two or more Dogs - -

For any Dog (not being a Greyhound, Hound, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier) {

kept determined by or for the Use of any Person inhabiting a D welling-house, assessed to any of the

Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on Inhabited Houses, where one such Dog

and no more shall be kept by or for the Use of such Person

• ^ !.

The said Rates and Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively keeping such Dog*, or ™ WIC

the fame shall be kept; and to be subject to all the Exemptions contained in any Act or Acts in Force and

also to the Regulations contained in an Act, passed in ^he thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his prcfent\vi.i-

jelly authorizing a Composition to be made in relped to Hounds kept by any Person; on Payment yearly

of the Sum of twenty-four Pounds, inlleadof the Sum therein mentioned.

If M ' ' SC HE*

DUTIES pay.

able for each

Dog.

• ^ d.

— 6

— 4

