XX

The TITLES of the S

pair, the Road brandling out of one of the said Roads, in

the Village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate Road, and

the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Great

Bridge, all in the County of Nottingham. '

151. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for

repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close,

at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to the

Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to

Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the

Road branching out of the fame, in Kempfton Field, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of

Bedford, except so far as the fame relates to the Road

leading from the Soath End of Ridgemont Town to the

Entrance of Woburn Parky at a Place called The Red

Lodges *, and for making and maintaining a Road from

the South End of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through

Hufborn Crawley, to the North End of the Town of

Woburn, and for discontinuing the said Part of the said

Road leading from the South End of Ridgemont to the

Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the High-

way from thence, through the said Park, to where it joins

the Road leading from Woburn to Evcrjholt, all in the said

County of Bedford.

152. An Act for raising, maintaining, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from the North End of the Bridge, commonly

called The Old Trent Bridge, to the Weft End of Saint

Mary's Church Yard, by Way of Hollow Stone, in the

Pari/h of Saint Mary, in the Town of Nottingham, and for

erecting and maintaining such and so many Flood Bridges

upon the said Road as may he ncceftary to carry off the

Flood Water, and for widening and improving the En-

trance into the Town of Nottingham by Way of Hollow

Stone.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 36 Georgii III.

1. /V N Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Downs,

Common Meadow’s, Waste Lands, and other Com-

monable Places, within the several Tythings or Hamlets

of Mitchelmerjb, Braijhfiebl, and Awbridge, in the Manor

and Parish of Miichelmerfb, and within the Manor and

Parish of Timsbury, in the County of Southampton.

2. An Act to diiTolvc the Marriage of Henry IVukeman

Esquire, with Theodosia Freeman his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

3- An Act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Boue and

John Henry Charles Albrecht.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Freefe.

5. An Act for naturalizing Petrus Wilhelmus Aloyfus Pott-

gei/fer.

6. An Act for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaaurw, com-

monly called Maria Ann lUaauw.

7. An Act to exonerate the Estate of Sir Charles Rich Ba-

ronet, and Dame Mary Frances his Wife, situate in the

County of Surrey, from certain Annuities, or Annual

Sums, payable during the Life and for the Benefit of Sir

George Rich Baronet, upon the Terms therein men-

tioned.

S'. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclofir.g, the Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

Downs, and all other Commonable Lands, within the

Manor and Parish of Alvejcot, in the County of Oxford.

' - 15 ;

TATUTES, 36 Geo. III.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com,

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Past ures

Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Tyth-*

thing of Awre, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of

Gloucester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-

tain Commons and Waste Lands, and Open Fields,

within the several Parishes of Rcymerstone, Lettov, Cran-

worth, and Southberg, alias Barrow, in the County of

Norfolk.

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, and ocher Commonable

Grounds and Places, of and within the Parish, Lordship,

and Liberties of Dunton Bajfet, in the County of Lei-

cester.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Ptriih of

Great Woolstone, in the County of Buckingham.

13. An Act to obviate & Doubt touching the Validity of

certain Parts of an Award, made in pursuance of an Act

of the twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for di-

viding and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land,

called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Whole Year Lands, Half Year Lands,

Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the

Parish of Northwold, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands,

and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Nether

Wallop, in the County of Southampton.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Waste Lands, Moors, and other

Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Bafuig

and Mapplederived, in the County of Southcmipton.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Ked-

ewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the County of Mont-

gomeryc

18. An Act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbrcn.

19. An Act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan%

Spinster.

20. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Rcbenack.

21. An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Corthym.

23. An Act for naturalizing John JiJlus RunkcL

23. An Act for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer.

24. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Gren-

ville Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and

the Right Honourable Anna Eliza Brydges Spinlter, com-

monly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydgest to make Settle-

ments on the Marriage intended between them, notwith-

standing their respective Minorities.

25. An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of certain

Estates of Sir John Hollywood Baronet, which flood set-

tled 011 him as Tenant for Life, unimpeachable for

Waste, to sell the same Estates with the Timber and Un-

derwood (landing, and for allowing him to receive the

Amount of such Timber and Underwood at a fais Va-

luation, and for debarring him from falling Timber, or

committing Waile, on the Lands hereafter to be pur-

chafed

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, Common Downs, and other Commonable

and Waste Lands, lying and being in that Part of the

:■ ■; . Manor

