381

A.D. 1796.

Anno tricdimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 92.

apply to Parliament for a Difiblution of the Society. Present Million Partnership Bank difiolved ; and

their Property veiled in Trustees. The present Directors may meet for the Purposes of this Act. The

u

a

u

u

it

it

it

it

it

it

“ Stocks to be sold ; and the Produce to form a Fund for discharging Dividends due from the Bank; and

the Expences of procuring and executing this Act; and the Residue laid out in the Purchase of Bahk

Annuities. When such Stock shall be purchased, a Meeting of Directors to be held ; who shall com-

pute what Proportion of each Fund every Proprietor shall be entitled to Trurtees impowered to con-

llicutc Attornies for the Purpose of making the Transfers. Further Calculation to be made of w'hat Part

41 of the Three Cent. Confols ought to be transferred to the Accountant General of the Court of Chan-

eery ; and of what ought to be allotted to each other Proprietor not having 100/. Million Bank Stock ;

and the Remainder to be divided amon^ the other Proprietors. So much of the Three per Cent. Confols,

as shall be allotted to the Accountant General, to be transferred to him. Shares of the Funds to be al-

lotted to other Proprietors to be tiansferred into their Names. Where Shares of Stock Hand in the Name

of deceased Persons, Transfers to be made tothofc entitled thereto. Where Parties are not known, No-

44 ticeto be inserted in the Gazette. If Claims be not made within a limited Time, the Shares to be trans-

ferred to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery. Shares Handing in the Name of deceastd

44 Persons or their Representatives, on Account of Trulls, to be transferred into the Nam.s of the fame

41 Persons; Copies of Wills affecting Shares to be entered in the Books of the Bank. Funds to be trans-

ferred to be subject to the fame Trusts as the original Shares of the Million Bank Stock. Directors em-

powered to give Orders for Surrender of the Lea!e of the Society’s House, or to fell fuel) Lease. Direct-

ors to employ such Persons for carrying this Act into Execution as they think proper; and to give Gra-

tuities to their present Officers for part Services. Committees of Directors to receive 12/. 12J. Cleric

44 to attend at the Society’s House for the Purpose of paying Dividends. If all the Dividends be not paid

44 six Weeks before the Expiration of two Years, Notice to be inserted in Gazette \ and at the End of

44 two Years, the remaining Cash to be inverted in Bank Annuities. Account to be kept of the Funds to

be transferred to each Proprietor, and t^ bw open to their inspeftion. At the Expiration of two Years

from passing this Act, a Memorial to be ligned by three or more of the Directors, containing an Account

44 of the Stock then unclaimed. Expence of passing and executing me Act how to be paid. Trurtees not

44 to be answerable for any Thing done in consequence of the Orders of the Directors in Writing. An-

44 fwerable for their own Acts only : Empowered to reimburse the mfe Ives all Cods. Acts done by the

44 Order of Directors to be as valid as if done by 1'wo-thirds of the Proprietors. Public Act.”

it

u

it

it

it

CAP. XC1I.

An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament two several Acts, parted

in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the

better ordering the Militia of the City of London ; and for the further regulating of

the Trained Bands, or Militia, of the said City.—[14th A/tly 1796.]

4 T T WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 VV tituled. An Act fir amending so much of an Atl% pa fed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Yean of the

4 Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Seconds intituled, 44 An Act for ordering the Forces in theJeveral

44 Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London, andfir the better ordering the

*4 fameAnd whereas another Act w as passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said present Ma-

4 jesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual an Aid, made in the last Session

• of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for amending so much of an Act,passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth

44 Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces

44 in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London, and for the better or-

44 dering the fame :M And whereas several of the Powers and Provisions in the said Acts contained have been

4 found defective, and it is expedient that the said Adlsfhould be repealed, and further and other Powets and

4 Provisions granted inrtead thereof, for raising, training, and regulating the Trained Bands, or Militia of

4 the City of London Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the parting of this Act, the said

two recited Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

{hall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and that inrtead thereof this Act shall commence and take Fifed! :

Provided nevertheless, that the Militia now raised by virtue of the said Acts shall be subject to the Provisions

and Regulations contained in this Act, in like Manner as the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act are

subjected thereto. ' ,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the repealing of the said Acts shall not annul any

Proceedings had by his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, who are in and

by the said Acts appointed and authorized to execute the fame, or any Commissions granted by them by

v .rtue or under the Authority of the said Acts, provided the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and

C'apuins, to whom such Commissions have been granted, arc qualified a* herein-after specified ; and in or-

der to ascertain such (Qualifications, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and directed to examine

such Persons respectively on Oath, to be administered by such Commissioners; and the several Persons to

whom

34 Geo. nr.

Cap. 81. and

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 27. re-

cited.

Recited Acts

repealed; but

the Militia

raised by virtue

thereof, to be

subject to the

Provisions of

this Act.

Repeal of re-

cited Acts not

to annul Pro-

ceedings of the

CommifT;oner:>

of Lieutenancy,

or Comm;(Hons

granted by

them, if the Of-

ficers are qualL-

