A.D. 1796.

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 102

104

395

c

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft*

CAP. CII.

• ft ^ fc I 4# 1

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of

Lincoln, and County of the fame City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within

the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.—[18th May 1796-. J,

, . CAP. CIII.

An A<3 for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin Outwich, in T'hrcadnccdle Street, within the

City of London.—£i8th^7y 1796.j \ • * - - * -

CAP. CIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a pottery*.

‘ [ [8th May 1796*

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mott dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament a£-

sembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, have

freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and eighty thousand

Pounds, to be raised by a Lottery, to consist of sixty thousand Tickets, at thirteen Pounds each, in such

Manner as is herein-after directed and appointed : And whereas, pursuant to and upon the several Terms

and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of

England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred andeighty thou-

fana Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, of one Pound and ten Shillings in respect of every such Ticket, your faithful Commons do

therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,* &c* — ,

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the'Resolution of the House of Commons, are required

44 ro pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier to give Security, to the

44 Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to nay all Monies received into the Exchequer.

44 Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. coo,oooo/., the

44 Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors of

a the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prelcribed. Managers to

44 examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt

44 for the fame.- Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed 'Pickets, with an Account of Money

44 received and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the Middle Co-

44 lumns to be rolled upland fattened with Thread or Silk ; and cut offindentwife into a Box marked with the

44 Letter (vtf), and put into another Box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns,

44 on each of which 6o,ooooTickets are to be printed. Tickers in the outermost Column of the last-mentioned

44 Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box marked with the Letter (B), tsfe. Public Notice to

44 be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb, 6, 1797.* Number

44 of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjutted by the Managers.

44 Forging Tickets made F'elony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon,

44 and 50/. Reward. No Attainder for any of the Offences against this Act shall make any Corruption of

44 Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs. Managers to be fworq. Cashier may receive the Sums

44 subsenbed, before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the

Bearer to a Ticket for every 13/. paid. After June 3, 1706, the Cashier may deliver Tickets not cx-.

ceeding in Value Half of the Sum actually subscribed; ana shall give Receipts for the Residue of such

Sums, after deducting the Value of the.Ticketsfo delivered. Contributors not making good their Pay-,

ments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits, and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers,

&c. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, as they shall think fit. The

500,000/. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session;

and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on July 1, 1797. Managers to giv? No-

tice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c, and signed,*

14 &Y. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execu-

44 tionofthis Ait. No Fee.to be taken for .receiving or paying Contribution Monies, for Receipts, tfr.

on Penalty of 20/. NoPerson to takedown the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of drawing, un-

less employed as a Clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons fb licensed, to receive from the Stamp Office

14 Numerical Books, which shall beftamped on every Leaf. Commissioners to grant such Licences only

14 on Account of licensed Lottery Offices. Unlicensed Persons taking down or publishing the Numbers of

41 rickets drawn, life, to forfeit 5/. On Complaint, the Magistrates of London may grant Warrants for

41 apprehending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commission of such Offence may be apprehended by any

11 Person, and carried before a Magittrate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid. In-

« formers and Constables entitled to the Penalties. Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, to forfeit

a jo/. Form ofConviflion. Penalty may be mitigated. Convidlionsnot removeable. Commissioners

m fljall not be required to grant a Licence for dealing in Lottery Tickets, unlefe it shall appear that the Party is

«ft

<c

4ft

CC

It

44

44

tft

4ft

