02

C. 49.

tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Names of all

Persons in the

same Dwelling

may be in one

Account, but

Certificates to be

Mailers paying

the Duty for

Servants, to re-

ceive Certifi-

cates, which

shall extend to

their Successors

in the fame

Capacity.

Commissioners

to prepare

Books contain-

ing Certificates,

See.

On Payment of

Duty, Certifi-

cates to be filled

up, and deli-

vered.

Distributors to

return Books of

Certificates to

the Commis-

iioners, who

fhull transmit

Lilts annually

of the Persons

\vho have ob-

tained Certifi-

cates to the re-

spetfive Clerks

of the Peace,

&c.-.

Fee to be paid

for Copies Of

Lifts.

the fifth Day of April then next ensuing, and continue in force until and upon the fifth Day of April in

the succeeding Year.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all or any Number of

Persons residing respectively in the fame Dwelling House may be included in one Account, or the Accounts

may be several, at the Election of such Person or Persons, out that a several Certificate shall in every Cafe

be issued in respect of each Person.

issued for each. ,

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master or

Mistress of any Servant or Servants shall declare his or her Intention to pay the Duties which may be

charged or chargeable in pursuance of this Act, in respect of any such Servant or Servants using or wearing

Hair Powder, and shall deliver, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to Persons paying for them-

selves the Duties imposed by this Act, a true and faithful Account of all such Servants by him or her kept,

in respect of whom such Duties are intended to be paid, setting forth the several Capacities in which such

Servants arc respectively kept, it shall be lawful thereupon, and upon Payment of the Duties for the several

Servants specified in such Account, to ifiiie and deliver to such Mailer or Mistress a distinct Certificate in

respect of each such Servant for whom such Duty shall be so paid as aforesaid; every such Certificate to set

forth, in Words at Length, the particular Capacity in which such Servant shall be hired and shall serve;

and every such Certificate shall be deemed and construed to extend to the Servant named therein during his

or her Continuance in the fame Service, and also to every Servant who shall come into the Service of such

Master or Mistress during the Continuance of such Certificate, in the Room of such Servant so named

therein, to serve in the fame Capacity; and no Servant serving such Master or Mistress in any Capacity

mentioned in such Certificate shall, during the Continuance thereof, be required for himlclf or herself to

obtain any other Certificate in pursuance of this Act, nor shall such Servant be liable to the Payment of any

Duty whilst such Service shall continue and such Certificate shall remain in force, according to the true

Intent -and Meaning of this Act. . ^ \

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of the Stamp

Duties shall cause to be prepared Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided and distinguished into two

Columns, in each of which Columns there shall be printed an equal Number of Certificates in Blank, for

the Names, Places of Abode, and Description, of the Persons respectively to whom the fame shall be issued

to be inserted therein, all which Certificates shall be of equal Length and Breadth as near as mav be, and

the said two Columns shall be joined with some Flourish, or Device, through which the outermost Certifi-

cate may be cut off Indentwile, and that all Certificates in the Inner Column of the said Books shall be

numbered progressively as they shall be placed therein, beginning such progressive Enumeration at the End

of every Year, ending on the fifth Day of April as aforesaid, in respect of each OlHce where Cert.ficates

shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, and that also the Certificates in the Outer Column shall be num-

bered in like Manner, every succestive Certificate in the Outer Column bearing the fame Number with the

corresponding Certificate in the Inner Column of such Books, and the Certificates in the Outer Column of

such Book or Books shall severally be damped with a Stamp, to denote the Duty by this Act imposed; and

the said Commissioners (liali take care to provide the several Distributors, or other Officers to be appointed

to receive Accounts from Persons liable to the said Duty by virtue of this Act, with sufficient Numbers of

the said Books of two Columns, containing such Certificates as aforesaid, that all and every the said Persons

may be supplied with Certificates damped in pursuance of this Act, as they shall require the fame; and the

said Commissioners and Head Distributors respectively, or their Officers aforesaid, who shall receive any Ac-

count or Accounts, together with the Duties payable by virtue of this Act as ato/efaid, shall forthwith in

respect of each and every Person whole Name and Place of Abode shall be entered therein, fill uponc of the

said Certificates in the Outer Column of the said Books, in the Order they arc placed therein, with the

Name, Place of Abode, and D.escription of such Person entering such Account, and the Date of issuing the

fame; and shall in like Manner fill up the corresponding Certificate in the Inner Column o( the said Books

with the said Particulars, so that such Certificate in the said Inner Column may form a Counterpart of the

corresponding Certificate in the Outer Column; and, as the fame are severally filled up as aforesaid, shall

caule the Certificates in the Outer Columns to be carefully cut off Indentwile, and delivered to the respec-

tive Persons requiring the fame in Manner aforesaid, on Payment of the Duties hereby imposed in respect

thereof, and wfiihout Fee or other Charge.

XV. And b- it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Distributors, and Of-

ficers aforesaid, shall, whenever they shall be thereunto required by the said Commissioners of Stamp Du-

ties, return the said Books wherefrom the Certificates to be issued as aforesaid shall have been cut Indent-

wife, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office in ATidAle/ex; and the said Commissioners shall cause

one correct Lift, in alphabetical Order, to be made out annually, before the first Day of Novetnber in every

Year, of all and every the Persons who shall have obtained Certificates in pursuance of this Act, for each

County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Britain, containing the Names, Places

thereof to the

of such

^ t - ^~wrmyr> ' w — « j — 4 r m m

County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, which Lifts and Copies respectively, at the Head

Office of Stamps, and at the respective Offices of such Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, Sheriffs Depute,

and Stewart Clerks, or their respective Deputies, shall be open to the Inspection of any Person, at all (ea-

sonable Hours, on Payment of six Pence, and no more; and the said Commissioners, by their Officers,

-i_r 1 pi__i-_ _r II_ i)___ 'T'__/r’*i__i-- 01__:n________.__________«. #.u

bounty, Kiding, J^muon, omre, stewartry, or Place in ureat Britain, containing the iNames,

of Abode, and Description of such Persons respectively, -and shall transmit a correct Copy therec

Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Sheriff Depute, or Stewart Clerk, or their respective Deputies,

r-y__________.... t>:j‘ rv* rr pli o. m ...u* u T: 1 t': .. ,.1.

ep

>d%

13

Lifts,

