Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

682

C. 1. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

by Delivery of such Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be ^payable on Demand as

aforesaid, me said Court shall order all Proceedings against the said Governor and Company in such Action

or Suit to be (fayed until the Expiration of the Time hereinafter limited for the Continuance o( such Re-

{friction on Payments in Cash as aforesaid : Provided always, that if it shall appear to such Court to be ne-

ceflary, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of any Demand on the said Governor and Company, or

otherwise for the Furtherance of Justice, that any Proceedings should be had for any such Purpose, it shall be

lawful for the said Court to permit Proceedings to be had in any such Action or Suit for such necessary Pur-

pose only, or to ascertain the Amount of such Demand, in a summary Way, as the Nature of the particular

Cafe may require, and as shall be confident with the Restriction on Payments in Cash hereby impoled : Pro-

vided also, that no Cods shall be recovered against the said Governor and Company, in any Action or Suit

The Bank may

issue Cash in

Payments un-

der 20s. or to

the Army or

Navy, in pur-

fuance of Or-

ders in Council

which shall be

laid before Par.

The Bank not

to advance any

Monty for the

Public Service

during the Re-

flri£Lon,exctpt

on the Land and

Malt Tax Aits

of this Session,

The Court may

permit Pro-

ceedings to be

had, to ascertain

the Amount of

any Demand on

the Bank, or

for the Further-

alice of Justice.

No Costs to be

given unless the

Aition necef- certaming the Amount of such Debt or Demand, or the Title thereto, and in such Cafe such Court may

fcry. diredithe Payment of such Cods by the said Governor and Company in their Notes expressed to be payable

on Demand, if the Party or Parties entitled to such Cods shall be willing to accept such Notes and if such

Party or Parties shall refuse to accept such Notes, then such Court shall day all Proceedings to compel Pay-

ment of such Cods until after the Expiration of the Reftridlion on Payments by the said Governor and Com-

pany in Cadi, herein contained. % .. .. ' . ? # .t?

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to redrain

the said Governor and Company from issuing any Sum of Money less than twenty Shillings, in Cash, in Pay-

ment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to twenty Shillings, or in Payment of so much of any larger

Debtor Demand as shall be a fractional Part of twenty Shillings over and above the Residue of such Debtor

Demand ; or from ifl'uingany Sum

in pursuance of an Order of his M

shall be required, and the Necessity

Housesof Parliament within three Days after the Date of each of such Order, if Parliament shall be then

fitting, and if not, then within three Days after the Sitting of Parliament.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of the Reftridlion by this

Act impoled 011 Payments by the said Governor and Company, in Cafn, it shall not be lawful for the said

Governor and Company to issue any Sum of Money in Cash, or in Notes of the said Governor and Com-

pany, by way of Loan or Advance, (or or on Account of the Public Service, except on the Credit of any

Duties to be imppfed by any Act or Acts which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for con-

tinuing the Duties on Malt, and for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and any other Advance

which may be authorized by any other Act or Acts which may be passed during the Continuance of the said

eras otherwise Reftridlion*

authorized by future Acts of Parliament. [See c. 8. of tbit Seffijn, for raising 3,000,000/. by Exchequer Biffs.]

The Bank may JV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of the Reftridlion by this

Act impoled on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, it shall nevertheless be lawful for.

the said Governor and Company to accept, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Sum or Sums of

Money, in Cash, not being less than five hundred Pounds, in Exchange for Notes of the said Governor and

Company, of equal Amount, upon an Engagement from the said Governor and Company to pay to such

Person or Persons, during the Continuance of such Reftridlion as aforesaid, Calli in Exchange for any Note

or Notes of the said Governor and Company, payable on Demand, to such an Amount, not exceeding in

the Whole Three-fourths of the Sum of Money which shall have been fopaid by such Person or Persons to the

said Governor and Company in Cash, and in such Proportions, and at such Intervals, as shall be expressed

in such Engagement; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to pay in Calli such Sum

and Sums of Money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the 7'erms of such Engagement, to the

Amount, in the Proportions, at the Times, and in the Manner therein to be expressed $ any Thing in this

Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Com-

pany, notwithstanding the Reftridlion imposed by this Act, to advance, (or the Accommodation of the Per-

fons dealing as Bankers in 'London, Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, in Calli, any Sums of

Money, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole, to be paid to such Persons, at such

Times, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as to the said Governor and Company shall seem expedient.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enadltd. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Application being made to them, by or on the Behalf of

the Treasurer of the Bank called The Batik of Scotland, established by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland,

in one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, orby or on the Behalf of th? Caftiier of the Bank called The Royal

Bank of Scotland* incorporated by Royal Charter, dated the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and twenty-seven, to issue and pay to such 'Treasurer or Cashier respectively, or to such Person or

Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the foie Use of the said Banks, such Sum or

Sums of Money, in Gold or Silver, as may be required,not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds

for each of the said Ranks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding*

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Payments in Notes of the said Governor and Company expressed

to be payable on Demand, which have been made since the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand

(even

receive Sums,

rot under 500I.

for Notes, and

engage to repay

Three- fourths

in Calli*

ioo,ocol. In

Cash may be

advanced to the

Bankers of Lon-

don, Wcflmin-

fter, and South-

wark.

25,0001. in Cash

for each may be

advanced to the

Bank of Scot-

land and the

Royal Bank of

Scotland.

Payments in

Notes to be

deemed made in

