A.. D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

c- 73-

a

ct

u

cc

u

a

a

u

11

ct

t.

ct

u

it

ii

it

ic

ii

it

man may administer an Oath. Proceedings not valid, until confirmed at a subsequent Meeting. Entries

of Proceedings good Evidence. Actions to be in the Name of the Clerk. Clause for appointing Officers.

Officers taking any Fee or Reward besides the Salary ; or being concerned in Interest in any Bargain or

Contrail, shall be disqualified to act. Persons ailing under the late Acts to account. Vestrymen to ap-

point Churchwardens. His Grace the Duke of Portland fo~appoint a Churchwarden, (3c. ' Sidefmcn

may ail as Churchwardens. Appointment of Overseers. Overseers refusing or neglecting their Duty,

others to be chosen. And in case of such Neglect or Refusal to serve to forfeit 10/. Vestrymen tochoolc,

and justices to swear, Constables. Substitutes allowed. F'ine for not serving the Office of Constable,

or finding Substitute. Penalty on Negleil of Duty. Churchwardens, (3c. appointed by the former

Acts to have the fame Powers. Copy of all Nominations and Orders, (3 c. signed by the Veilry Clerk.

Constables to attend in Rotation, and keep Watch and Ward every Night 5 pievent Files, (3 c.; to take

up lulpedted Persons, carry them before a Justice; and go the Rounds every Night; and report the

Misbehaviour of Watchmen. None liable to be re-elected within seven Years. Clause for choosing

Watchmen and Beadles. Vestrymen to make Orders concerning Beadles and Watchmen. Watchmen's

Power and Duty, (3c. Viiluallers not to suffer Watchmen, (3c. to be in their House during the Hours

of Duty. Vestrymen may reward Watchmen ; and may build Watch Boxes. May build a Watch

44 House. All Contrails to be advertised. No Contrail to be made for more than three Years. Con-

trails to be inspeiled. Vestrymen may compound with Persons for Breach of Contrail, (3 c. Contrails

to be signed by Vestrymen. Contrails under the former Aits good. Part of Tyburn Road subjeiled to

Jurisdiction of Vestrymen. What shall be deemed a House in Oxjord Street. Road from High Street,

c3c. to Tyburn, to be under Jurisdiilion of Vestrymen. Trustees of the said Road to pay annually 500/.

to Vestrymen. On Default of Payment may take Possession of Turnpikes. Application of the said

44 500 /• The fame may be alligned for Monies borrowed. Assignments to be entered in Books; and may be

44 transferred. If the Perm of Acts 7 Geo. I. 8 and 29 Geo. Ii. and 23 Geo. III. are not enlarged, vef-

trymen may ereil a Gate near where Tyburn Turnpike stands. Property of Pavements, 13c. veiled in

Vestrymen. Penalty on damaging Works, (3c.; to be levied by Distrefsand Sale. For Want of Dif-

tress. Offender to be committed. Old Materials, (3c. veiled in Vestrymen; and maybe fold. Pay-

44 ments to be made in ten Days. Old Materials may be made use of, (3c. Lamps to befetup, (3c. Lamp

44 Irons to be affixed against Walls, (3c. Penalty on wilfully damaging Lamps, (3c. On Non-payment

44 Offender to be committed. Persons accidentally damaging Lamps, (3c. to make Satisfaction. On Non-

payment, may be levied. Vestrymen may pave, (3c. Pavement and Water Pipes, when broken, by

44 whom to be repaired. Pavement to be relayed by the Space of two Days. Proviso. Paviours of the

44 Water Companies to give Notice of their Names, (3c. Water Companies to pay to the Vestrymen the

44 Expence rf new laying the Pavement when Pipes are broken, (3c. Water Companies may repair the

Pavement by their own Workmen, within four Feet of their Plugs, (3c. Vestrymen may compound

with the Water Companies. How Water may more easily be obtained in Times of Fire. Commis-

sioners of Sewers to repair Drains, (3c. which are under their Direction. Owners of Pipes to relay or

repair them at their own Charges. Expence of cleansing Sewers, (3c. to be paid by Commissioners of

44 Sewers, (3c. Water Companies and Commissioners of Sewers to fence, (3c. when Pavements are taken

44 up. Expence of altering Pipes, (3c. to be borne by the Vestrymen. Pipes replaced at Request, Proprie-

<€ tors to pay Expence of repairing Pavements. Vestrymen may compound with said Proprietors. Inhabit-

u ants to give Notice to Surveyors when Pavements want any Repairs. If Surveyors think such Pave-

44 ments not defective, Vestrymen to view the fame. Streets to be watered, Wells funk, and Pumps

44 erected. If Vestrymen judge any new-built Street, (3c. proper to be paved, they are to require Inhabit-

44 ants to meet, and compound for the Paving. On Neglect, Composition may be levied. Owners of

44 vacant Grounds, err. how to be charged. Paviours and Carters to be appointed. Where Materials for

44 Footways may be lodged. Penalty on obstructing Surveyors. Penalty on altering the Form of Streets,

44 13c. erecting Bulks, placing out Shew Boards, tsV. Not to remove the Polls in the Place leading from

44 Oxford Street into Hanover Square. Persons digging Earth, or leaving Holes for making Vaults, (3c. to

44 inclose the fame. Trap Doors not to be left open. Projections, (3c. to be removed. Signs, (3c. to be

44 affixed on the Fronts of Houses, (3c> Clause to enforce Observance of Building Acts, foas to prevent In-

44 croachments. Bodies Politic, (3c. maycontradl for Sale. On Refusal to treat, Value to be settled by a

Jury. Juries may be impannelled, and challenged. Witnesses may be fuinmoned. Penalty on Sheriffs,

Jurymen, and Witnesses. Jury may assess the Value and proportionable Sums to be paid to every Per-

44 son interested ; which Verdict shall be binding; and recorded in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace.

44 Expences of the Jury and Witnesses, by whom to be borne. Verdict not binding, unless Money paid

44 within three Calendar Months. Money belonging to Corporations, (3c. to be re-invested. On Payment

44 of Purchase Money Premises to be conveyed ; and veiled in the Vestrymen. Mortgagees to assign on

Tender of Principal and three Months Interest ; or on six Months Notice. Tenants to quit on Notice

given. Vestrymen may purchase other Lands, with the Consent of the Owners, for widening the Streets.

-Powers for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstrudlions. Hoards how to be erected. Punish-

“ irent for erecting Hoards without Leave. No Lime to be flacked in the Streets, (3c. Penalty on driving

44 Carriages,^, on the Foot Pavements.”

XCV. 4 And whereas both Hackney Coachmen and Hackney Chairmen frequently take their Stands,

4 with their Coaches and Chairs, in such Part of a Square or Street as to occasion considerable Obstrudlions

4 bi a on the Carriage and Footways;’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

the said Vestrymen may direct and regulate such Stands as they shall in their Discretion think proper,

within

u

ic

II

(I

«C

II

M

Stands of Hack

ney Coachmen

See. to be re-

gulated.

