A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 112.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as afore-

said shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any Copyhold or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or they shall

agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the fame shall be holden,

for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender ar.d Admillion thereto, hath heretofore

been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition made, the

said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden

for the said Manor or Manors, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees, Tenant or Tenants, to such Copyhold

or Customary Estate, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which the fame shall be

holden, and for and during such Estate and Interest-as the said Debtor had therein at the Time-of his or her

being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services, payable and to

be rendered in respect of the said Copyhold or Customary Estate.

XXL Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or In-

terest, or Right whatsoever, of any Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may be expectant

upoir or subject unto the Estate or Interest of the said Debtor, hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace,

'Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right what-

soever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue, and be Caved, to them, in the same Manner

as if this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend,

or be construtd to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens, upon the Estate of such

Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, '1 enements, or Hereditaments, com-

prized in, or charged or afefted by, such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to

prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained

against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such

Debtor or Debtors > and also where any lnquffitton shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recog-

nizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer

upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as afore-

said, the Personal Estate of every such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so

much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment re-

spectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by

Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature,

against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this Act had not been made;

any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act are foiled

and poflHIed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their

natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for

4 one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon

4 Lives 5 which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such DebtorsBe it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Cale, all and every the Powers of leafing

such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as

aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such

Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every

the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some Prisons or Gaols in this Kingdom, the Office of Keeper or Gaoler is held

in Fee, for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Keepers or Gaolers themselves, or know any

4 Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Keepers or

4 Gaolers of such Prisons or Gaols be it therefore enacted, That in every such Cafe, the Person who shall

have been actually employed and acted as Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the

'Time of the delivering in of the Lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Prison or

Gaol, at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal

Keeper or Gaoler, (unless where such principal Keeper or Gaoler shall act as Keeper or Gaoler hinflelf,)

shall take the Oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by the Keeper or Gaoler of every such Prison or

Gaol. j \

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General or Quarter Session

of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, (hull,

if required by any Creditor or Creditors, of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her Dif-

charge, administer and give to the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Keeper or Gaoler, of any

fuen Prison or Gaol, at the Time of bringing up any. such Prisoner* in order to be discharged under this Act,

an Oath to the following Eftcft* (that is to lay,),

T A. B. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the

c Prison of in Custody in some other other Prison, as the Cafe may be] to the heft of my

Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven;

and that the Copy cr Copies of the Cause or Caulca of his [or herj Commitment or Detainer, now by me

brought with the Body of the said and produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy

or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me,

or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief* So help me GOD-’

v II- And

645

A (lienees to

compound with

Lords of Ma-

nors for Copy-

hold or Custo-

mary finales.

The Debtor*!

Right only to

be afte&cd by

this Att.

Mortgages, Sec.

to take place of

Claims of an

inferior Nature,

Power cf leaf-

ing Lands by

Debtors having

filiates for Life,

vested in Affia-

nce*.

The afUng

Gaoler at the

Time of deliver*

ing Lifts (and

not the Holden

of the Office in

Fee, Sec.) to

uke the Oath.

At the Session,

on Request of

Creditors,

Gaolers to be

sworn.

Oath

