466

C. 5.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Sheriff's Order

Anal.

If Men art not

procured by.ttie

Heritors or Ma

jcistrates, certain

Persons may

produceSubfti-

tutes, or Volun-

teer may offer

themselves to a

Justice, tec.

who shall settle

the Bounty, tec.

and order the

Collector of the

Cess to pay it,

Certificates or

Copies to he

transmitted

with the Persons

enrol. to the

Commanding

Officer, who

shall make out a

Ticket fer the

Bounty clue, Arc.

(ike Cap. 4; the

County Quota

jia.)

Certain Persons

disqualified to

be enrolled:

Eut noPerson if

enrolUd shall be

ciifcharged as

being an articled

Clerk, &c. un-

it fs Notice of

DifquaLfication

be given before

his entering and

the Bounty

paid#

Regulations of

37 Geo. 111.

Cap. 4. respect-

ing Deserters

from the Naval

Service in Eng-

land, to extend

to this Alt.

Expences in ex-

ecuting this Alt

to be defrayed

by the respec-

tive Counties.

Collectors of the

Land Tax may

advance Boun-

ties.

me v^uumy lur which 11c man iu vc; ui iiuhi hic j. 1111c ui 1m.11 1 uiuii juaru^ iuv.ii ixig1mv.u1.,

irft happen, or from the Time of such Person being muflered and rated on board any Ship, and

Ship or Veil'd shall proceed to Sea, as the Cafe may be, make out a Picket or Tickets for the

j din ici uiiv.v.icu 111 icipcuui ivicu ciuuucu 111 Lungiunuy uiivv-icu uy nu nu pauvu 111 uns j^iv-itnv

n of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties of

nd, for the Service of his Majesty's Army and Navy, and shall be reimbursed to the Person so paying

pute, or their Substitute* they shall do therein what shall seem to them in their Discretion expedient, and

their Order shall be final and conclusive. ... 5

XXII. And be it enacted, That in all Casts where Default shall be made in procuring and delivering

Men by the Heritors or Magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Au-

thority under h'S Majesty to provide Men fur the Service of the Army or Navy, to produce any Person or

Persons, Substitute or Substitutes, or for any such Person or Persons voluntarily to come before any Justice

of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate resident of the County,

District, or Place respectively for which they are produced or come, and be examined as to their Content

to serve in h:s Majesty’s Army or Navy, as Substitutes for such Parishes or Places respectively, and who

shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to settle the Bounty or Bounties to be paid for such Sub-

stitutes; such Bounty cr Bounties, including the Expences incurred in providing the said Substitutes, not

to exceed the aforesaid Sum of twenty-five Pounds Sterling;’and such Justices fh.ll, in case any such

Persons shall be approved of by the Regulating Officer as aforesaid, certify such Consent and Approbation,

and the Bounties agreed to be paid, in the Manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Volunteers; and

the said Justices shall thereupon make an Order upon the Collector of the Cess for the Shire or Stewartry,

or Burgh or Town, for which such Substitute is enrolled, to pay the Bounty Money out of the Money in

the Hands of such Collector arising from the Assessments made for and in the Parish or Place for which such

Substitute or Substitutes is or are admitted.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every such Certificate so granted, or a full and true Copy thereof,

signed by the Regulating Officer, {hall in all Cafes be transmitted along with the Person enrolled, and

delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or of the Ship or Vefiel

in which such Person shall be entered to serve; and such Commanding Officer shall, within four Days from

the T ime of such Person being admitted into any Regiment, and before such Volunteer shall be compelled

to go out of the County for which he {hall serve; or from the Time of such Person joining such Regiment,

which shall first

Payment of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid to such Person, and then remaining due, in such Manner

as if such Money had become due to such Person on account of Arrears of Wages as a Seaman on board

such Ship or Veffiel, and such Bounty Money shall and may be paid to such Person, or to his Family, in

the Manner directed in respect of Men enrolled in England, as directed by an Act passed in this present

p jy « *. A A — ^ ^ T* f s* Tk JT .1 /* I /> . H

Sc (lien

Engla

the fame, by the Collector of the Cess for the particular Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Town.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be received or enrolled in his Majesty’s

Service by virtue of this Act, who is not, in the Opinion of the Regulating Officer or Officers, such an

able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and every other Distemper or

Infirmity which may render him unfit to perform his Duty in the Army or Navy; and who, in the Opinion

of such Officer or Officers, shall appear to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of lorty-

five Years; nor any Person being an articled Clerk or Apprentice (unless with the Consent of the Master

of such Clerk or Apprentice); nor any Person inlisted in any of his Majesty’s Forces, or already entered

in his Majesty *s Navy; nor any Deserter: Provided that no Person enrolled by virtue of this Act shall, by

Reason of any such Disqualification, as being a Clerk, or Apprentice, or inlisted or entered, or being a De-

ferter, be liable to be discharged from his Majesty’s Service, or taken out of the fame, unless Notice in Writ-

ing of such Disqualification {hall be given to the Officer or Officers under whose Command such Person shall

be, before the l ime of his entering into any Regiment, or on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, and

before the Bounty hereby authorized to be paid, or any Part thereof, shall have been paid or satisfied

to him. - ': 1 ± , -: - i* |1

XXV. And be it enacted, That all the Regulations established by the aforesaid Act of this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number cf Men in the several Counties of England, for the

Service of his Majesty s Army and Navy, against Deserters from his Majesty’s Nava! Service for Englandt

and against Persons harbouring or concealing Deserters, and for billetting Officers and Men, shall attach

upon and be construed to comprehend the Cafes of Persons enrolled in his Majesty’s Naval Service in Scot-

land, and the Officers commanding them, by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act in

Scotland (including such Gratifications for the T rouble of the Clerks of the Peace, and other Officers, who

are relpcdlively required to execute this Act, as shall be deemed adequate for their 'Trouble by the Justices

of the Peace or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or resident Chief Magistrate as aforesaid) shall be defrayed

by the several Counties, Stewartries, Burghs, Towns, and Places severally; and the Collectors of the

Land Tax in the several Counties, Stewartries, and Burghs, are hereby empowered to afiefs and levy the

said Expence along with the Land Tax, according to the Rules and Proportions herein-before men-

tioned. [ ! . i

XXVII. And be it enacted, That until the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be actually

recovered and paid in to the several Collectors, that the respective Collectors of the Land Tax, out of the

Publick Money in their Hands, shall, and are hereby authorized and required to advance and pay such

f Sums

