55»

may accept the

Submission of

the Crcsv, &c.

Where Offences

may be prose-

cuted.

Persons tried for

Offences against

this Act, not to

be tried avain

W

for the fame, as

I"igh Treason or

Misprision of

High Treason,

Sec.

Continuance of

Act.

Act may be

altered during

the present Sef-

fioti.

27Geo. 3. c. 13.

$ 22. and

4 Geo. 3. c. 50.

3. recited.

C. 71,72. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1797.

ner as his Majesty Xliall authorize and require, to accept the Submission of the Crew of any Ship which

shall have been so declared to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, or of any Person or Persons, Part of

such Crew, or of any Person or Persons on Board of any such Ships, or to declare any such Person or Per-

fons to have returned to their Duty, and thereupon to declare the Persons or Person whose Submission shall

be so accepted, or who shall be so declared to have returned to their Duty, to be exempted and relievtd from

all or any of the Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained, in such Manner, and under such Terms and

Restrictions as his Majesty shall think fit; and from and after such Declaration, nothing in this A d con-

tained shall extend to prevent any such Intercourse or Communication as aforesaid, with any Persons or Per-

son to whom such Declaration shall apply. ^ ,

VII. Provided always, and be it etiaded by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed against

this Act, whether committed on the High Seas or within that Part of Great Britain called England* shall and

of Oy#r and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County in

ch Manner and Form as if the said Offence had been therein

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That any Person who shall be tried and

acquitted, or convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or

tried again for the fame Offence or Fad, as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason; and that no-

thing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Persons guilty of any Offence

against this Act, and who shall not be tried for the fame as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for

the fame as High Treason, or Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this Act had notbeeU

made.

may be prosecuted and tried before any Court

that Part of Great Britain called England, in f

committed.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be in Force until the Expiration of one Month after the

Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to amend or alter this A cl, or any

Part thereof, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII. Jl

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into this King-

dom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being ware-

housed for Exportation.—[6ih June 1797.] T

•

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof and for applying the fa id Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Re-

venue ; for permitting the importation of certain Goods, IVarts, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufac-

ture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed

Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Re au ft ion of the National

Debt \ among other Things the Importation of Cambrics and Lawns was allowed directly from France,

or any of the European Dominions of the French King, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, and on

Payment of certain Duties, as set forth and described in Table C. annexed to the said recited Act: And

whereas among other Things it is enacted by the said recited Act, that all Cambrics or French Lawns,

legally imported, shall and may be worn, used, oY consumed in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to Sale

therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation, nor shall the

Person or Persons who shall import, wear, use, or consume the fame, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the

fame, or have the fame in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, Fine

or Fines whatever, for wearing, using, consuming, felling, or exposing to Sale the fame: And whereas the

Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns was allowed by the said recited Act, and the Duty was

charged, and such Cambrics and French Lawns were permitted to be worn, used, and consumed, and to

be fold or exposed to Sale, in consequence of a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce concluded between

his Britannic Majesty and the French King, the Operation of which Treaty is now at an End ; and it is

therefore expedient that so much of the said recited Act as permits the importation of Cambrics and

French Lawns, on Payment of Duty, to be worn, used, or consumed, and to be sold, or exposed to Sale in

this Kingdom, should be repealed ; and it is also expedient, that so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-

fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act* passed in the

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ as dir efts, that no Cambric or Lawn shall be imported from

Ireland until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into Ireland fall be prohibited by Law, to air

low the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns from the Austrian Netherlands/or a limited Time;

for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the

more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom ; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of To-

bacco jhifped for Exportation, as permits or allows any Cambrics or French Lawns which shall have been

imported and warehoused for Exportation, to be delivered from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which

the fame shall have been deposited, on Payment of such Duty for the fame as Cambrics and French Lawns

are by the said recited Act made subject and liable to, should in like Manner be repealed 5 and that no

1 Cambric or Lawn whatever, other than of the Manufacture. of Ireland, should, during the Continuance of

4 this

