204

and the addi-

tional Duty on

Sweets, to be

deemed imposed

on all made after

that Day.

Powers of 12

Car. 11. Cap. 24,

tec. to extend to

this Alt.

15 Geo. III.

Cap. 34.

27 Geo. III.

Cap. 13, and

30 Cco. Ill

Cap. 41,

C. 117.

Anno tricesimo quinto G e o r g i i III. A.D. 1795-

seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this Act shall be, imported into Great Bri-

tain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Wine; and that the further Duty of

eleven Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity*

mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken

to be and to have been imposed, for and in respect of every Barrel of Liquor which was made in Great

Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar

mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or dilhn-

guished by the Name of Made IVines, after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety five.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of IVards and Liveries, and Tenures in

Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance ; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof;

or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excile, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Du-

ties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the manag-

ing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this Act im-

posed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. CXVII.

9

g

An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extradlfng

Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed

shall be above a certain Limit.—[26th June 1795-J

‘ \WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

4 V V Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom,

4 reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, importedfrom Ireland; and for allowin

4 the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure, from Ireland, to this Kingdom; and by another Act, pafl__

4 in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the several

4 Duties of Customs and Excfe, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties,

4 together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

4 Ivares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

4 into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment

4 of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; and by another Act, passed in the thirtieth

4 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation from any Jf

4 the Provinces in North America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for ext rafting OH, and for allowin'*

4 the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, used for Manure,

4 Duty-free; Rape Seed, and all other Seeds'commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil

4 therefrom, being the Growth of Ireland, or of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces, in

4 North America, are allowed to be imported from thence, on Payment of the Duty of one Shilling per

4 Last, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of seventeen

4 Pounds ten Shillings per Last, under certain Conditions, Regulations, and Rellndtions ; and also Rape

4 Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, and commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, being the Growth

4 of Ireland, ox of the said Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, in North America, Duty-free: And'

4 whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds commonly made use

4 of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, from any Country whatsoever, in like Manner, and under

4 the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as such Seeds are allowed to be imported from

4 Ireland, or the said Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, in North America, whenever the Prices of

4 Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s raoft

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the

passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, to import into Great

Britain, in a British-built Ship owned and navigated according to Law, from any Country whatever

Rape Seed, and all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of extiacling Oil therefrom, on

Payment of the Duty of one Shilling per Lad, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be

at or above the Price of twenty Pounds per Lall, and under the fame Conditions, Rules, and Restrictions

Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Seeds are now allowed to be imported from Ireland, or from his Majesty’s

Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces in North America.

Rape, and all

ocher Seeds used

lor extracting

Oil therefrom,

may be imported

in British-built

Ships, born any

Country, on the

Duty of 1 s. per

I»rice of Middling British Rape Seed is 201. per Last.

Continuance of

ACt.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall continue in force for one Year, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament. . Z* jJ a

