xlvi The TITLES.of

twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament, the Terms ami Powers of

three Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of His late

Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh and

thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a

new Road from Nrw Street in S out Invar k, to and through

the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing

the lame, and other Roads adjoining.

26. An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing o(

the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Railages and Places,

in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of

Nottingham', and for removing the Market for Butchers

Meat in the said Town; and for regulating the said Mar-

ket; and for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh

Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth,

intituled, /In Acte for the Pavingc c/’Newarkc upon Trent,

in the Cmintie c/'Nottingham.

27. An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, two Acts, severally polled in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in

the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hill, near the

City of New Sarum, in the County of Jfilts, to 2n In-

trenchment on Afkerwell Hill, in the County of DorJ'tl\

and from the Index Post on the Side of Harnham Hill

aforesaid, to a House called Master Baker's Farm House,

in the County of ITilts.

28. An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the 'Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

Acts, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of

Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cum-

berland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Fmont

Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and

IVefl /norland.

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal,

or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of

the Newe ajlle-under-Lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel

Bowyer Grejley Baronet, near the Town of Neweajtlc-

under-Lyme, and also another Branch of Canal, or In-

clined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last-men-

tioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other

Works, all in the County of Stafford.

30. An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, anJ

for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

31. An Act for amending and enhvging the Powers of an

Act, passed in the thirty-firlfc Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and main-

taining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the 'Town

of Birmingham, in the Comity of Warwick, to communicate

with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester.

32. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton

under Lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same,

and the several Cuts and other Woiks authorized to be

made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for

that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and grant-

ing to the said Company further and other Powers.

33. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution

certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into be-

the STATUTES,

tween Beilby Lord Bifhpp of London, Thomas Wood En-

quire, Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope

Esquire, Sir John Morjhead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth

his Wife, and Robert Thifllcthwaytc Esquire, and Selina his

Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand

Junction Canal; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned. -

34. An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of

Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London \ and for the better

Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish.

35. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed

in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint

James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of

Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a

Cemetery or Church Yard and Parsonage House, within the

new Parish.

36. An Act for altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in

the thirty-second and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge

over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties

of Edinburgh and Linlithgojv, by Bathgate, to Baillicfton,

in the County of Lancrk, and certain Branches of Road

from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes

mentioned therein. ,

37. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering*

and improving, the Roads from the East End of Mons

Bridge, near the City of Yorks to New Malton, and from

thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County

of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding

of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

38. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

tuled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading

from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterllow, to

Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the

West Corner of Saint Anne’s Street, in the City of New

Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from

thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through

Ower and rcftwooJ, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of

Southampton; and the other passed in the twelfth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge

the I erm and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing

and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood

Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lynd-

hurst, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's

Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repair-

ing the Footways within the said City.

39. /in Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, made

in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George

the Second, and the nineteenth Year of His present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury

to Faland, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two

Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, and the other in the seven-

teenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the

fame

