795

tricesimo quinto

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to the Officer or Officers executing

fuel) Warrant or Warrants of Distress, for the safe keeping of the Goods and Chattels so distrained, for each

Day tuch Goods and Chattels shall be in his or their Custody, such Sutn not exceeding five Shillings per

Diem, and for any Person or Persons acting therein in the Aid and Assistance of such Officer or Officers,

fjch Sum not exceeding two Shillings per Diem for each such Person, as the convicting Justice or Justices

shall allow and direct to be paid, due Proof being first made on Oath, to the Satisfaction of such Juf-

tice or Justices, that sufficient Cause existed for calling in the Aid and Assistance of such Person or

Persons.

V. And be it further enaCted, That one Moiety of the Penalty so levied shall be paid to the Informer,

and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Town ship, or Place, in which the Of-

fence shal have been committed, in such Manner as the Justice or Justices as aforesaid shall direct and ap-

point; and if the Person or Persons authorized to execute such Warrant or Warrants, or any or either of

them, shall make a Return thereto that no sufficient Distrelscan be found whereon to levy the Penalty and

Cods and Charges as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any County,

Riding, Division, or Place, within whose Jurisdiction the Party or Parties, against whole Goods and Chat-

tels fich Warrant of Distress shall have been iflbed, shall at any Time be found, upon producing to such

Just.ce or Justices such Warrant, and Return thereof, (and if such Justice or Justices shall be of any other

County, Riding, Division, or Place, then, upon Oath made of the Hand-writing of the Justice or Justices

granting such YVarrar.t of Distress, and of the Truth of such Return,) to commit such Offender or Offenders

to th? Common Gaol, or other Prison within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, for any Term not ex-

ceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than three Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty or Penalties,

with the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of all Proceedings attending the Conviction and Warrant of Dif-

tress, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

VI. * And whereas many Persons do presume to carry on and exercise the Trade of Alehouse-keeper

1 and Vidtiiailer, and Retailer of Beer and Ale, without Licence, and to make Entry of Houses, Outhouses,

1 Cellars, Vaults, or Storehouses, for laying or keeping such Beer or Ale, by assumed or feigned Names,

4 and such Beer and Ale is frequently retailed in Houses, Outhouses, or other Places detached from their

4 Piace of Residence, whereby the Purposes of the Law have been, and still continue to be, evaded;* be it

further enacted, That in case any Summons shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any

Person or Persons to appear and answer to any Information or Complaint for selling by Retail any Beer,

Ale, or other Exciseable Liquors, without Licence, the directing such Summons to such Person by the

Name in which such Person shall have entered any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, or Storehouse, for

laying or keeping of Beer or Ale, or in the Names by which such Person or Persons is or are, or has or

have been, usually known, whether the fame be the real and proper, or the affirmed or feigned. Names of

such Person or Persons; and the leaving such Summons at the House, Outhouses, Cellar, Vault, or other

Storehouse or Place in which such Offence is stated in any Information to have been committed, and af-

fixing a Copy thereof on the Door, or other conspicuous Part on the Outside thereof, (such Service being

proved on Oath of the Person or Persons who shall have so served such Summons, and so affixed such Copy,)

shall lx? deemed, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a Notice or Summons, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if the fame was personally given or delivered to or unto the Hands of the Party or Parties

to whom the fame shall be directed ; and as if the fame was directed to the Party or Parties by his, her, or

their proper and real Name or Names.

VII. And be it further enacted. That every Alehouse-keeper, Victualler, or Retailer of Beer or Ale,

who shall take or receive into or have in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Power, any JJeer or Ale to

fell or dispose thereof by Retail, shall, at least three Days before he, she, or they, shall begin so to fell or

dispose of any such Ale or Beer, make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise, next

to the Place where such Ale or Beer shall be intended to be sold and disposed of, of all and every House, Out-

house, Cellar, Vault, Room, Storehouse, or other Place used, or to be used, for laying or keeping any

such Beer or Ale, or for felling the fame; and which said Entry shall set forth-the true Name or Names of

the Person or Persons so making such Entry, and shall also express whether the Person making the same be

an Alehouse-keeper, Victualler, or Retailer; and such Person or Persons shall be deemed to be the Occu-

>ier or Occupiers, Proprietor or Propietors, of all and every House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Room,

itorehouse, or other Place, so entered, for laying or keeping such Ale or Beer, or for felling the fame, so

long as such Entry shall remain in force, or such Ale or Beer shall be or remain in the Custody, Possession,

or rower, of the Person or Persons making such Entry; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the

Directions of this Act, make use of any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Room, Storehouse, or other

Place, for the laying, keening, or felling of Beer or Ale, to be sold or disposed of by Retail, without hav-

ing made such Entry as aforesaid, he, fhc, or they, shall respectively forfeit, for every Default or NegledI,

the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered, levied, mitigated, and distributed, in such Manner

as is directed by any Law now in force, with regard to Penalties and Forfeitures on Offences against the

Laws relating to the Excise ; and all Storehouses, Cellars, Rooms, or other Places used by any such Inn-

keeper, Victualler, or other Retailer, for the Purpose of laying or keeping any Beer or Ale, or Worts inCaft^

without being so entered, shall be deemed and taken to be private and concealed Storehouses, Cellars,

or Places, within the Meaning of all, each and every Act and Acts of Parliament now in force in re-

lation to private and concealed Storehouses, Cellars, or Places, for the keeping or laying Exciseable

Liquors. ’ . j: rj , , ,* *

igi

Allowance t®

Officers.

Applicr.iior. of

Penalty.

If sufficient J>if-

tTCls cannot be

found, cite luf-

tice may com-

mit the Offen-

der.

What shall he

deemed legal

Notice to Per-

fons summoned

to answer Inlor-

mations for fell-

ing Liquors by

Retail without

Licence.

Retailers to

make previous

Entry of all

Places used for

laying Beer, &c.

Penalty of 501.

for not makui£

Entry.

Places rot en-

tered, to be

deemed conceal,

cd Places.

VIII. And

