472

C. 6.

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

Person provid-

ing it, who shall

•deliver it up in a

limited Time,

or be liable to

Penalty.

Such Mares, &e.

to be disposed of,

and the Price

paid to the Re-

ceiver General of the County.

Person shall be bound at any Time, within one Month after the Conclufi^nof the War, to deliver such

Mare or Gelding to any Person authorized by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Sub-division

within which such Person resides, or shall 011 default forfeit and lose a Sum which shall at lead be equal to

the Sum before received by such Person, and so as not to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be added

to the Assessment of such Person for the said Duties, and to be accounted for together with the Duties therein

contained ; and such Deputy Lieutenants shall cause such Mare or Gelding to be disposed of to the bed Ad-

vantage, and the Price received for the fame to be paid over to the Receiver General of the County, to be

applicable to the Purposes of this Act

Inferior Officers

of Excise keep-

ing a Horse for

the Personmance

of their Duty,

exempted.

If in ary Class

there shall be no

Person fit for

Military Ser-

vice, he on

whom the Lot

falls shall pro-

vide a Substi-

tute, for which

he shall be al-

lowed a Com-

pensation. (Re-

peated, pcJiyCaj).

2i i »5 )

Clerks of Sub-

division Meet-

ings to transmit

an Account of

the Men en-

rolled, and if

the Comple-

ment be not

enrolled, the

Exemptions

claimed, ice. to

be transmitted

so the Privy

Council, &c.

Persons liable to

Service in the

Place where

charged by the

last Assessments

after April 5,

1796 j and if

charged in more

than one Place,

liable to serve

in that where

charged for the

greattrt Num-

ber, ice.

Certificates *of

Places where

liable to serve

to be granted, gratis.

Persons charged

in more than

one 1‘Jace may

cleft in which

they will firve,

-and give Notice

accordingly.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no inferior Officer of Excise, who shall not be

charged to the said Duties for more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and who shall make it appear to the

Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants at any such Subdivision Meeting as aforesaid, or any two or more

of them, that he is obliged by the Regulations or Orders of his superior Officers of Excise to keep such

Horse, Mare, or Gelding for the necessary Performance of his Duty as such Officer, shall be liable to pro-

vide any Man; or any Mare or Gelding, for his Majesty’s Service in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That if in any Class of Persons to be made out as aforesaid, there shall

be no Person, who in the Opinion of the Deputy Lieutenants at a Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy of

the same County, Riding, or Place, shall be nt for Military Service, then the Person on whom the Lot (nail

first fall shall be bound to provide a Substitute, who shall be approved by such Deputy Lieutenants, and such

Person shall be allowed in respect thereof such Sum of Money as shall be settled by such Deputy Lieute-

nants to be a fair Compensation to such Person for the fame; which Compensation the said Deputy Lieute-

nants shall demand from the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby required to

pay the fame out of the Monies in his Hands of the Sums raised by virtue of this Act, and if he shall not

have sufficient of the said Money, then to pay the fame out of the Duties before mentioned, or any other

Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the fame shall be al-

lowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts, and such Sum so received shall be paid by the said Deputy

Lieutenants to the Person entitled to receive such Compensation as aforesaid ; and the Sum so settled for such

Compensation as aforesaid shall be added to the last AfiefTment of the several Persons contained in the fame

Class to the Duties on Horses, in proportion to the Number belonging to them respectively, and levied and

accounted for, together with the Duties therein contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings shall, and they are

hereby respectively required to transmit to the Lieutenant, or to the General Meeting of the Lieutenancy,

of the County, Riding, or Place, an Account, in Writing, of the Number of Men enrolled by virtue of

this Act wi/hin their respective Subdivisions, their respective Ages, Descriptions, and Places of Residence,

and whether they adlas Principals or Substitutes; and if the full Complement of Men who ought to be en-

rolled in any Subdivision shall ne t be enrolled, then the said Clerks shall (late, in their Account, the Number

of Exemptions claimed and allowed in such Subdivision, and the Number and Amount of Fines imposed

on Persons appointed or chosen by Ballot for not being enrolled, or for not finding Substitutes to be enrolled,

and every other Cause or Occasion of Default to the best of his Knowledge; which Accounts, or true

Copies thereof, shall be, as loon as conveniently may be, transmitted to his Majesty’s Privy Council; and

the Lord Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy, may direct and order

a new Appointment to be made, or a new Ballot to be taken, from and amongst the Persons making such

Default, as if no Appointment had been made or Ballot taken with respect to those Persons.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person shall be liable to the Service required by this Act, in

the Parish or Place where such Person is charged to the said Duties upon Horses by the last Aliefirnent made

after the said fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-six, and before the passing of this

Act, although he or she may have removed from the Place of Charge fmee the making of the said AiTeiY-

ment; and if any Person shall be so charged to the said Duties in two or more Places, then he or she shall be

liable to the said Service in the Place where he or she shall be charged, for the greatest Number of Horses,

Mares, or Geldings; and Certificates of such Person being charged in such other Place or Places, specify-

ing the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for which he or she is rated, shall be transmitted to the

General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the said Service is here-

by required, by the Commissioners who shall have made such Assessment, in order that the fame may

be added to the Assessment made in the Place where such Service shall be required ; and the Clerk of

the Subdivision Meeting where such Person shall be returned as being liable to the said Service there,

shall, if such Person requires the fame, grant a Certificate, gratis, under his Hand, that such Return has

been made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to the Service required by

this Act, shall be charged in two or more Places for the said Duties on Horses, it shall be lawful for lucri

Person to elect in which Place he or she shall be returned as liable to the Service required by this Act; and

to give to the Commissioners of the Land Tax of the respective Divisions, and also to the Deputy Lieute-

nants of the respective Subdivisions of the County, Riding, or Place wherein he or she is charged. Notice,

in Writing, of the Place wherein he or she intends to perform such Service; and Certificates, in the Manner

11 before

