49

(

D

tricesimo quinto

in.

C. 27

<c Volunteer or Volunteers who should be inrolled, and should give to such Volunteer or Volunteers not

<4 exceeding eight Pounds each Man* to serve for such Ward, such Alderman or Deputy* and the major

44 Part of the Common Council, might make a Rate upon the Persons liable to serve or find Substitutes for

44 the said Ward, to reimburse themselves such Sums of Money as they should have paid to such Volunteers

and also the Clause which ena&s, 44 That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said

“ Militia should receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and that the

cc Private Men might be put under Stoppages and also, the Clause which ena&s, 44 That the Non*

44 commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of the said Militia, should have an Allow-

alice in lieu of Quarters;*' and also the Clause which ena&s, 44 That every Militia Man, Substitute, or

Volunteer inrolled, and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer raised by virtue of the said A£,

and Thing contained in an A& of the twenty-sixth

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of

C4

((

4C

ct

44

U

«C

Part of Great Britain called England, as far as re-

Offences therein enumerated, and extends to the said Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers the

lates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for the

(4

14

1C

1C

Bounty and Privileges therein set forthand also the Clause whteh ena&s, 44 That the said Militia,

*4 having been in actual Service and disembodied, should be fubjc£l to the fame Orders, Directions, and

44 Engagements only, as they were before such aCtual Serviceand also, the Clause which provides for

defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said

Militia; and also, the Clause which extends the Provisions of the several ACts, made in the thirty-third

and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the Families of the Non-commissioned

Officers and private Men of the said Militia ; and also, the Clause which enaCts, 44 That when the said

44 Militia should not be embodied, his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London,

when requisite and necessary, might order the Serjeants and Corporals of the said two Regiments to have

Possession of their Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements, and with Officers to be kept in constant Readiness

to be put under the Orders of the Mayor or other Magistrates of the said City, for the Suppression of

Riots, or any other requisite Duty ;* and also, the Clause which directs the Modes of Recovery, and

the Application of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by the said Act imposed, shall be, and the fame are

hereby repealed. '

11. And be it further enacted, That the Private Men of the two Regiments of Militia, to be raised determined by

virtue of the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, and of this ACt, and which shall be dii-

tinguished by the Names of the East and fVeJl Regiments, shall be provided by the several Wards of the

City, and the Liberties and PrecinCts within the same, in the Proportions following; that is to say,

For the East Regiment, by the Wards of ‘*

Aldgate, sixty Men r

Bijjijhaw, twelve Men; lf 1

Billingsgate, forty-one Men; - . : . *'

tygate Within, forty-four Men;

ate Without, fifty Men; * '

Bridge, twenty-six Men; * V :

Broad Street, fifty Men ;

Candlewick, twenty Men; N

Coleman Street, thirty-six Men ;

Cornhill, thirty-six Men: * -

Dowgate, twenty-seven Men; ,

Langbourn, sixty-seven Men ;

Lime Street, twenty Men ;

Portsokcn, forty-five Men; and

Tower, fix ty-six Men. ; . 'tiku

And for the Weft Regiment, by the Wards of

Alder fate Within, and Saint Martins le Grand, eighteen Men ;

' Aiderfgate Without, twenty-one Men ;

Bread Street, twenty-four Men} •

Crjpplegate Within, forty-four Men ; , . ^ j

Crtpf legate Without, thirty-six Men ; ...»

Parringden Within, eighty-four Men ; ,

Far ring den Without, one hundred and ninety-two Men ;

Sueenhith, twenty-one Men;

rmtry, twenty-three Men; and

Walbrook, twenty-seven Men. * i f ,

III. And be it further enacted. That his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy that now are or

hereafter shall be conflicted and appointed for the City of London, at their Annual Court in January, shall,

tnd are hereby required to iliue Precepts to the said Aldermen, Deputies, and Common Council Men of

5* Geo. HI. H " the

Men to be pro-

vided in the

Proportion*

following,.

C&Timlffiofcei*

of Lieutenancy

to issue Precept*

W thf Alder.

