A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georg ii III.

C. 63.

117

Act not to

extend to Jnfu-

rances from

Lolfcs by Fire,

or on Lives.

Duties to be

under the

Management of

the Commis-*

sioners of

Stamps.

insured shall not amount to one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of one Shilling and three Pence ; and

where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed one hundred Pounds, or any progredive Sums of one hundred

Pounds each, by any fra£lional Part of one hundred Pounds, a like Stamp Duty of one Shilling and three

Pence for such fra&ion.d Part of one hundred Pounds ; which several Dirties shall be payable and paid by

the Allured in such Insurances respectively ; and the Allured, in every such Insurance, shall Be answerable

and accountable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Amount of the Duty payable by this Act

in respect of the fame, and which (halfand may, in Default of Payment thereof according to the Regula-

tiens of this A&, be charged upon, and levied against, the Allured, his, her, or their respective Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to extend, to charge with any Stamp Duty by this A& iinposed, any Policy of Insurance made and

entered into for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares,Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by

Fire, whereon the Duty imposed by an Act, pafLd in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An ASt fir charging a Duty on Per jous who/e Property /hall be injured against Loss by Fire, shall have

been duly paid, nor any lnfurar.ee made or entered into for insuring any Events or Contingencies relative

to a Life or Lives whereon the Duty iinposed by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of

this A&fhail have been duly paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more effectual levying, coher-

ing, and paying, the said Dufies herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and

Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to

dencte the Payment of the said Duties by this Act imposed, either by using any Stamps in their Possession

heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or

toprovide new Stamps for that Purpose, and to renew or alter the fame from l ime to Time as they shall fee

Occasion, and to do all Things necefTury to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the

said Duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized

to putin Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, upon all and every such Insurances or Insurance,

where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or

contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of ten Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured, it shall be lawful,

in all Cafes where the Sum insured shall amount to two hundred Pounds or upwards, to use Stamps of two

Shillings and (ix Pence for every two hundred Pounds of the Sum insured, instead of Stamps of one Shilling

2nd three Pence for every one hundred Pounds of the like Sums so insured.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being

appointed to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall, out of the iMonies

anting thereby, from Time to Time, provide sufficient Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

adapted for Policies of Insurance, and shall cause to be printed thereon respectively the several Forms for

Blank Policies of Insurance hereunto annexed, and the fame so printed to be duly stamped, with a proper

Stamp or Stamps, as directed by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duty to be paid thereon, in

order that all his Majesty’s Subjects may buy the said Forms adapted for Policies of Insurance respectively,

stamped with such Rate of Duty as they shall respeefively require, of the Officers, or Persons employed by

the said Commissioners, at the Price of the said Duty marked thereon, without any Charge for such Vel-

lum, Parchment, or Paper, or for printing the fame ; or at their Flexion may bring to the Head Office of

Stamps, any Quantities of their own Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be damped as aforesaid, on Pay-

ment of the Duty payable thereon, and the said Officers, or Persons employed by the said Commissioners,

(bail, and they are hereby required to write or mark thereon the Day, Month, and Year, when any such

primed Velium, Parchment, or Paper, so damped, shall be delivered by them to be used as aforesaid ; and

if 2ny Officer, or Person employed by the said Commissioners, shall wilfully negloSt to do or perform any

Matter or 'Thing herein-before required, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall

be liable to be difmided from his said Office : Provided always, that the said Commissioners, or Officers as

aforesaid, shall not be required to provide, at the Public Charge, any Vellum or Parchment damped as

iforesaid, where the Sum to be insured thereon shall not amount to ten thousand Pounds or upwards.

Charge for Insurances under 10,0001.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for managing Commissioners

the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveni-

ently may be, shall cdablidione or more Office or Offices within the City of London, at Come convenient

1'lace at or near the Royal Exchange, and shall appoint a proper Officer or Officers there, to didribute Po-

licies of Insurance printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, according to the respective Forms hereunto

annexed, and damped according to the Directions of this Act, to any Person or Persons carrying on the

Bjfinelsof Insurance within the said City, on present Payment of the Duty payable in rcfp>c£t thereof, luh-

j^t to the usual Allowance made on present Payment of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Patcbrnent, or Pa-

per : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers, so to he appointed, with the Con-

sent and Approbation of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to open an

Account, in Books to be provided by the said Commissioners for that Purpo'e, with any Person or Pei tons.

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, carrying on tile Business of such Insurances within the Did City, who

rcl;x*ciivtly shall have given, or caused to be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Security,

by Lond, to his M&icity, his Heirs and Succxlibrs, for the Payment of the Duties at the TimcS'find in the

t v Manner

Where Pre-

mium exceeds

not 10 s. per

Cent, on 200 J.

or upwards,

Stamps of 2S.6d.

per 2001. may be uftd.

Commissioners

to provide

ffamped Poli-

cies, which may

qbe purchased.

or Vellum, Sec.

may be brought

and stamped,on

Payment of

Duty.

Penalty on Offi-

cers for Neglect

of Duty

Policies not to

be provided at

the Public

to appoint Of-

fice* in London

for distributing

Policies.

Accounts may

be opened with

Pci tons giving

•Bond for Pay-

ment cl Duties.

