57+

Penalty of Fe-

lony SV;t!lOUtf

Clergy lor coun-

Ctriciung

btarn, i, &c.

I

Powers of Acts

in For-e nt

pnflfing tins Ail,

to extend to the

Duties beiore

mentioned.

Manner of cal-

culating the

Numl’er of

Stamps to be

put on Inden-

tures, See.

[Ok# for

every 15 cows*

Law Sheets com-

/<VfV. See ante,

Cep.i9.]

Manner of cal-

culating the

Number of

Stamps to be

put on Copies of

Indentures, Scc.

[ One Stamp for

every 10 such

Sheets complete-]

TVovisions of

Cap 19. of this

Session to ex-

tend to this Act,

and if any Per*

son shall negl.it

to bring Inltru-

ments not duly

stampt to be so

Hampt within

the Time allow-

by the recited

Act, he shall

forfeit ao 1. and

the Instrument

shall be of no

Avail.

Person 5 admi-

nifttring Per-

sonal Estate*

C. 90. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,.or cause or procure to be

counterfeited or forged, any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this A3, or provided, made, or used,

for tiic Purpose of denoting the Duties by this A3 granted as aforesaid, or arty of them, or shall counterfeit

or relemble the Impression of the fame, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of

any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper liable to any Stamp

Duty by this A3 imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be

counterfeit, cr shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this A3, with

Intent to defraud his Majesty of the said Duties, then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully

conviclcJ, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as'in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of

Clergy. f' ,

VI. And be it further enacted. That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Articles, Ciaufes, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribtd or

appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at and immediately before the passing of this A3,

relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the

fame are respectively applicable) be of full Force and Fffe3 with relation to the additional and other Duties

hereinbefore mentioned, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, colle3ing, and

securing, the said additional and other Duties according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A3, as fully,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respc3ively been hereby re-ena3ed with relation

to the said additional and other Duties. , ’

'

VII. And be it further enacted. That the Number of Stamps required to be put on any Skin, or Piece of

Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed

hereby charged with the Duty of three Shillings, or any Agreement hereby charged with any Duty, shall

be engrossed, written, or printed, shall, from and after the parting of this A3, be calculated according to the

Number of common Law Sheets, each common Law Sheet containing Lventy-two Words, of which such

Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed or Agreement, together with every Schedule or Instrument annexed

untp or Indnrfement made on the fame, shall consist in Manner following; that is to say. Where the Quantity

of Words of which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, or any Agreement, together with such

Schedule, Instrument, or Indorsement, shall consist as aforesaid, shall not exceed fifteen such common Law

Sheets, one or more Stamp or Stamps to denote the Value of all the Duties charged thereon by any former

A3 or Acts of Parliament, and this A3; ancf where the Quantity of Words mall exceed the Number of

fifteen common Law Sheets, then progressively one or more further Stamp or Stamps of the like Value for

every further entire Quantity of fifteen such common Law Sheets, of which any such Indenture, Lease,

Bond, or other Deed or Agreement, with every Schedule, Instrument, or Indorsement, as aforesaid, shall

con lift: Provided always, that if, after calculating the Words in Manner aforesaid, there shall remain any

Number of Words less in Quantity than fifteen other common Law Sheets, no further Stamp shall be re-

quired for such Excess above the Number so calculated.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That the Number of Stamps which shall be required to be put on any

Skin, or Piece of Vc-llum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Copy, purporting to be

a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed hereby charged with

Duty, shall be engrofi', printed, or written, shall be calculated in Manner following; that is to say.

Where the Quantity of Words of which such Copy shall consist shall not exceed ten such common Law

Sheets as aforesaid, one Stamp as aforesaid; and where the Quantity of Words shall exceed the Number of

ten common Law Sheets, then progressively one further Stamp as aforesaid for every entire further Quantity

of ten common Law Sheets of which such Copy shall confifi: Provided always, that if, after calculating

the Words in Manner last aforesaid, there.shall remain any Number of Words less in Quantity than ten

other common Law Sheets, no further Stamp shall be required for such Excess above the Number fa

calculated. ' )rv I

IX. And be it further enacted. That all the Provisions, Rules, and Matters, prescribed by an Act,

pa fled in this Session of Parliament, for the more effe3ually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures,

Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and not hereby altered, shall be extended, applied, and put in Pra3ice,

for the damping such Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, Agreements, and Copies of Indentures, Leases,

Bonds, and other Deeds according to the true Intent an<5 Meaning of this Act, as fully $nd effe3ually as if

the fame had been re-ena3ed in this i\3; and if any Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person,

shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrofi', printed, or written, any Agreement, or any Copy

purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or Deed, not duly

stamped, according to the Dire3ions of this A3, and shall hegle3 to bring the fame lobe duly damped

within the l ime dire3ed and allowed for damping Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, by the

said A3 passed in this Session of Parliament, every such Attorney, Solicitor, Cleik, Officer, or other Per-

son, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty imposed

by the said A3 may be recovered and applied; and no such Agreement or Copy shall be pleaded or given

in Evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any Manner whatever, unless the fame shall be damped as

requited by this A3.

X. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall administer the Personal Estateof any Person

dying after the passing of this A3, or any Part thereof, without proving the Will of the Deceased, or taking

Pi ^ out

