A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 129, 130.

null and void, to all Intents and Purposes ; and that if any Officer of or Person employed by his Royal

Highnefe, to whom the Particulars of such Debts or Demands shall be delivered, according to the Direc-

tiens of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to insert the fame in his Account of the Quarterly Expences incur-

red, in the Manner before directed, every such Officer shall be liable to pay the Amount thereof in Damages

to the Party grieved. ,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit, either at Law or in Equity, shall be brought,

commenced, orprofccuted by any Creditor a gain ft his Royal Highness, in his own Name as a PartyyTor

the Recovery of any Debt or Demand due from his said Royal Highness, which shall accrue after the fifth

Day of 'July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, nor upon any Bond, Bill, or Note, nor upon any

Security to be given after the passing of this Act, for the securing any Debt or Demand due from his

said Royal Highness; but that all Proceedings in any such Action or Suit shall be null and void, to all In-

tents and Purposes.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any

Action or Suit against his Royal Highness the Prince of lValesy by any Person having any Title by Way of

Mortgage not made by his Royal Highness, or for Rentreferved upon any Lease or Grant of Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, not made to or in Trust for his Royal Highness, or any Action or Suit against

his Royal Highness as Duke of Cornwall, in respect of his Duchy of Cornwall.

XXXV. And, in order that due Provision may be made for the Recovery of the just Debts of his said

Royal Highness, be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Demand shall be made, or a Debt shall be

claimed, which Demand or Debt shall have wholly accrued after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, within the Quarter preceding such Claim or Demand, and the Particulars thereof

shall be deiivcredto the proper Officer of his said Royal Highness, to be appointed for that Purpose, within

the Time herein-before limited, and the fame shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for the Creditor or Cre-

ditors, at any Time within three Calendar Months after Delivery of such Particulars, but not afterwards,

to fueand prosecute for the Recovery of such Debt or Demand ; in which Action or Suit the Treasurer, or

other principal Officer or Officers of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, to whom the Particulars

of the Demand shall have been delivered, shall be made Defendant, and the like Proceedings shall.be had in

such Action or Suit as if the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time being, were the

real Party therein ; favc and accept, that notwithstanding the Plaintiff may obtain Judgment, no Execution

Cull issue against the Person of the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers for the Time being,

nor against his or their proper Effects, but the Judgment (lull be a Charge upon the Funds of his Royal

Highness, which shall be in or come into the Hands of the Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers

of his said Royal Highness for the Time being, within two Quarters after the Quarter in which the Debt or

Debts for which such Action shall have been brought and Judgment obtained shall have accrued ; and such

Funds, whenever the fame shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, or other principal Officer or Officers,

shall be liable to the Payment of the Debt or Damages, and Costs, recovered in such Action or Suit, in Pre-

ference to all Debts and Demands, except such as shall have arilen in consequence of any prior Judgment

which shall have been obtained, as is herein-before directed, and a Note or Docquet of every Judgment so

obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the Creditor obtaining the said Judgment in the Office of the Trea-

surer, or other principal Officer or Officcrsof his Royal Highness, within ten Days after signing the fame,

in order to entitle him to the Benefit of this A eh

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Establishment of his said Royal High-

nefs, or other Person entrusted with the Management of his Revenues, shall n^gleft or refuse to prepare,

make up, or transmit any Account or Accounts, or to audit and investigate the lame, or to pay and apply

the Monies in his Hands for that Purpose in the Order and Course to be icttled and established by virtue of

this Act, or shall divertor misapply the fame, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Directions of this Act, or

shall wilfully omit to insert in his Quarterly Account the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors de^

livered within the 1'imc allowed by this Act, or shall wilfully prepare, make up, or transmit any false Ac-

count, every such Officer or other Person, so offending against this Act, in any of the Particulars before

mentioned, shall be liable to pay Damages to the Party grieved; and that all Damages incurred by any

Person or Persons by virtue of this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by Action of

Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at IVeJtminster, with full Costs of Suit, in which no

tffoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain

Jointure for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of her Life.

. - [27lh June 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \A/ Y°ur Majesty’s dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, being truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good>,certain, and

4 competent Revenue be settled for supporting the Honour and Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princels,.

4 in case (he shall survive her royal Consort the most excellent Prince George Augu/ius, your Majesty’s mod

4 clearly beloved Son \ and considering the Happiness which (by the Blessing of Almignty God) the Sub-

jects of these Kingdoms cannot fail to enjoy by a Succession of Princes derived from her j and well know-

u g tUt by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (of blessed Me-

1 i z •* 4 mory,)

243

Officer neglect-

ing to.'nfcrt De-

mands in Quar-

terly Accounts,

liable to Pay-

ment of them.

No Adhon to be

brought against

the Prince lor

any Debt which

shall accrue

after July 5,

*795-

Act not to pre-

vent certain

Suits against the

Prince.

Creditors who

have delivered

in their-Demand

in the Time li-

mited, may fut

for the fame

within three

Months aiter

Delivery.

Treasurer to be

made Defend-

ant.

Judgment to

be a Charge

upon the

Prince’s Funds,

See.

Officer negledU

ing to prepare

Accounts, or

toapply Monies

as settled by

this Act, or

misapplying

Monies, &c. li-

able to Da-

mages, which

may he sued for

in any Court at

Westminstrr;

