jgo C. i-i3. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georg n III. A.D. 1795.

Recited Part of

5 Geo. III.

Cap. 46, re-

pealed.

From Sept. 20,

1705, Persons

fdling, or per.

miring to be

fold In their

Houfts, Excise-

able J'iquors by

Retail without

Licence, liable to

4 of convicting such Offender the third Time, should not be paid within the Space of three Days next after

4 such third Conviction, that then the Offender should suffer Imprisonment for the Space of three Months,

4 unless he or they should sooner pay such Penalty of six Pounds, end the Costs, Charges, and Expences of

4 such third Conviction, and executing the fame, and the like Penalty and Punishment for every other Of-

4 fence after the third Offence, and Conviction thereof, as for the said third Offence; all which said Costs

4 and Expences should be assessed, settled, and alccrtained, by the Just ice or Justices of the Peace before

4 whom such Offenders should respectively be convicted; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary

4 thereof in any wise notwithstanding ; all which Penalties and Forfeitures should go and be paid, the one

4 Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successers, and the other Moiety thereof, and also the Colts,

4 Charges, and Expences, to be assessed or ascertained as aforesaid, to the Proftctitor or Prosecutors of every

4 such Offender 01 Offenders : And whereas, by reason of many Evasions If ill made use of, and of Defers

4 in the Powers of the Laws now in force, it is difficult to convidt Offenders against them For Remedy

whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That so much of the said Act, as is above recited, shall be and is hereby repealed ; and that,

from and after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if any Person

shall fell Ale or Beer, or any other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, or shall permit or suffer any Ale or Beer,

or any other Excifable Liquors, to be sold by Retail, in his, her, or their House, Outhouse, or Yard,

Garden, O*chard, or other Place, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of IValcs^

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without being duly licensed so to do, and shall thereof be duly convidt-

, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds,

and also the Costs and Expences attending the Conviction, to be levied and recovered as herein is directed;

and on and after asecond Conviction for the like Offence, shall also be rendered incapable of being thereafter

licensed to keep an Alehouse, or to fell Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail.

Penalty* . ,’ , _,

Justices may de-

termine Com-

plaints.

If Penalties be

not paid, they

may be levied

by Distress.

Officers to exe-

cute Warrants

agreeably to

27 Geo. II.

Cap. 20;

the Provisions

of which, and

of 33 Geo. 111.

Cap. 55, as to

Execution of

Warrants, to

extend to this

A a.

Distress may be

fold within four

Days.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one

or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the County, Riding, Division, or Place,

where such Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a summary Way; which said

Justice and Justices is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or

Complaint made to or before him or them in that Behalf, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also

any Person or Persons as a Witness or Witnesses, on either Side, and upon Appearance, or Contempt by

'not appearing, of the Party or Parties accused, to proceed to hear the Matter in a summary Way, and also

to examine any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, and to give Judgment therein ; and upon Proof of the Of-

fence, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or

Witnesses, to convict the Party or Parties so accused or complained against of the Offence laid to his, her,

or their Charge; and in case the Party or Parties so convicted shall not, at the Time and Place of Con-

vidlion,’ if present, (or if absent,) within the Space of three Days after Notice, either per Tonally served

upon the Party or Parties, or left for him, her, or them, at the Place where the Offence shall have been

committed, according to the Directions of this Act, pay the Penalty or Penalties for which he, lhc, or

they, shall stand convicted, together with the Costs and Expences attending the fame, which laid Costs and

Expences shall be ascertained and fixed determined by the Justice or Justices convicting the Offender or Offenders;

that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are

hereby required to ifl'ue his or their Warrant or Warrants of Distress, empowering the Person or Persons to

whom the fame shall be directed, to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders,

wheresoever they shall or may be found, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices convicting such

Offender or Offenders, and also any Goods and Chattels found, or being in the House, Outhouse, Cellar,

Vault, Storehouse, or other Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, or which shall be

foundorbe in any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Storehouse, belonging to or occupied there-

with, or which shall be found or be in any House, Outhouse, Cellar, Vault, Storehouse, or other Place,

which shall have been entered at the Excise Office for keeping or laying any Beer or Ale, Cyder or Perry

therein, by or in the Name or Names of such Offender or Offenders; and on the Goods and Chattels (o

distrained, the Officer or Officers executing such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid shall proceed to levy

the Sum or Sums expressed in such Warrantor Warrants, in Manner directed in and by an Act, made in

the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the

more easy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses to be made by Warrants of Justices of the Peace, and all the

Powers and Provisions of the said Act; and also of an Act, made in the thirty-Jhird Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize Justices ojthe Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Over-

seers, and other Peace and Par iff) Officers, for Neglect of Duty ; and on Mifters of Apprentices for itl Ujage of

such their Apprentices ; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted fry Afa-

gistrates; as far as the lame relate to the Execution of Warrants of Distress, shall be extended, applied, and

put in Execution, in relation to Warrants of Distress to be granted by virtue of this Act, as fully

and amply as if the fame Powers and Provisions had been severally repeated and re-enacted in this

Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Request of the Owner or Owners of the

Goods so distrained, the fame maybe sold at any rime within the four Days allowed by the said Act of the

twenty-seventh Y ear of his late Majesty.

IV. And

