A.D. 1735. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 84—86.

shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the

laid Regiment or Corps, after which Time, or at the End of the*said fifteen Months, as the Cafe may be,

if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the

Service. ' * • / '

X. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Acceptance by Officers of the Militia of Commis-

r lions in his Maicliy’s Regular Forces, or in any Fencible or Volunteer Corps, do vacate their Com-

4 millions in the Militia •/ for obviating such Doubts for the future, be it enacted and declared. That, from

and after the passing of this Act, the Acceptance by-any Officer of the Militia of this Kingdom (except

the Colonel) of any Commission in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, whether liable to serve out of

Great Britain, or within the same only, shall, f om the Date of such Commission so accepted, nbfolutely

vacate and make void any Commission the said Officer may hold in the Militia Forces of this Kingdom,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Officers of the Militia of this Kingdom (except the

Colonel) who may heretofore have accepted Commissions in any of his Majesty’s other Forces as aforesaid,

and now hold the fame, together with their Militia Commissions, shall, and they are hereby required,

wkhin one Month after the passing of this Act, to make their Election whether they will continue to serve

in the Militia, or such other of his Miqefty’s Forces, and shall also within the same Time notify such their

Election in Writing to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion,

or Corps in which they may at the Time hold their Militia Commission, shall belong, and also to one of

his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in order to such Notification being inserted in the London

Gazette ; and the Commissions of all such Officers, in such Regiment or Corps wherein they shall not make

their Eledton to serve, shall, from and after such Notification, be absolutely vacated and made void, to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever ; and in case any of the said Officers shall neglect or refuse to make and

notify such Election within the Time aforesaid, the Militia Commission of such Officer shall, from and

after the Expiration of cne Month, to be computed from the passing of this Act, become vacated and made

void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or Practice, to the contrary in anywise

notwithstanding; and that every Person holding the Commission of Colonel in the Militia, who shall, after

the passing of this Act, raise any Fencible Corps, shall receive only the Pay of such Fencible Corps to

which he belongs, and it shall not be lawful for such Colonel to ad in any Respect as Colonel in the Militia,

until such Fencible Corps is reduced ; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County

to which such Militia belongs to appoint an additional Major to such Militia Regiment, with the Pay of

such, during the Time the Duty of such Colonel's Service in the Militia is suspended by this Act; and that

it shall and may be lawful to try such Colonel as a Fencible Officer only, by a Court Martial composed as

Courts Martial are for trying Officers in Fencible Regiments, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided nevertheless, that in case any Commission in any Militia Regiment, now held by any Officer

serving in a Fencible Regiment, shall not be filled up at or before the Time such Fencible Regiment is

reduced, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, after such Fencible Regiment is reduced, with the

Consent of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia belongs, to resume and

ad under his Militia Commission in like Manner as if such Militia Commission had never been vacated by

this Act.

tried as a Fencible Officer. Commissions in the Militia, now held by Fencible Officers, if vacant at Reduction of their Corps,

XL And be it further enacted. That whenever any Certificate, signed by the Colonel or Commanding

Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, shall be transmitted to the Deputy

Lieutenants of the Subdivision far which any Private Militia Man shall have been inrolled, of any such

Private Militia Man having died, or been appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Militia, or

been discharged as being unfit for Service, or in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Deputy

Lieutenants shall, and are hereby required to cause such Vacancy to be filled up by Ballot, immediately

after the Receipt of such Certificate. ' '

Hu*!#' CAP. LXXXIV.

0

An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballaflage in the

River Thames.—[2d 'June 179$.]

Ad 6 Geo, II. Cap. 29, further continued to June 24., 1805, and to the End of the then next Session of

44 Parliament.” C v*

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford,

y . to the Town of Saint Aiban, in the same County.—[2d June 1795*]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, of the sixteenth and seventeenth of

King Charles the Second, and of the fevemh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the

River ft chin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertain-

ing the Rates of Carriage, Rivcrage, and Wharfage, payable thereon* * [2d June 1795. J

J53

for a certain

Term.

Acceptance of

Commissions in

the other Forces

to vacate those

in the Militia

(except as Co-

lonel).

Militia Officers

holding Com-

missions in the

other Forces to

make their

Election, 5cc.

and if not done

within a limited

Time, their

Commissions in

the Militia to

be void.

Militia Colonels

railing Fencible

Corps to receive

only the Pay

thereof, and not

to att in the

Mil.tia.

County Lievte-

nants^ay ap-

point an addi-

tional Major

while the Colo*

nel’s Service is

suspended.

Colonel jo be

may be resumed.

On Receipt of

Certificates of

the Death, Scc.

of private Men,

the Deputy

Lieutenants to

cause others to

be balioUcd for.

35 Geo. III.

X

CAP.

