6go

C. 16.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

7I.105. and under iol.—{

id. and under 22!. 10s.

X2I. xos. and under 15I—J.

15I. and under sol—the

Amount, orone Rate additional.

20I. and under 25!.—j£.

25I. and under 30I. —ij.

30I. and upwards, two Rates,

or twice the present Amount,

additional.

Persons whose annual Income

is less than 60I. exempted ; and

where it amounts to that Sum

or more, to be entitled to such

Abatements as may reduce the

Duty to the following Propor-

tiens of their Income:

60I. and under 65I.; i x a

65I.—70I.; — X

70I—75Lj — 1 T9

7 5I-—Sol.; — V 9T

201.-851.; — t Zt>

85I.—90I.; — • t TT

90I.—95I ; — Y T9

95I.—106L ; — 1

lool.—xo;!.; — l *9

J05I.—nol.; — V 39

iioi.—215I.; — • t * 59

115I.—110I.9 — \ * 1 y*

jiol.—125I.; — 1 TT

• 125I.—130I.; — 1 39

j3<4—135I} — t TT

13 5I*—x4oI.} — 1 T9

140I—145I; — X T9

1451.-1501.} — 1 YY'

1501.-1551.; — V T9

1551—1601.; — V YT

and shall be under seven Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to One-fifth of the Amount thereof; where

the Amount of the said Duties shall be seven Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be under ten Pounds, a

Duty equal to One-fourth of the Amount thereof; where the Amount of the fjid Duties shall be ten

Pounds, and shall be under twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, a Duty equal to One-hall the Amount

thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twelve Pounds and ten Shillings, and shall be

under fifteen Pounds, a Duty equal to Three-fourths the Amount thereof ; where the Amount of the

said Duties shall be fifteen Pounds, and shall be under twenty Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount

thereof; where the Amount of the said Duties shall be twenty Pounds, and shall be under twenty-five

Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount and One-fourth the Amount thereof; where the Amount of

the said Duties shall be twenty-five Pounds, and shall be under thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to the

Amount and One-half the Amount thereof; and where the Amount ol the said Duties shall be thirty

Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to twice the Amount thereof * * *: And that where any Person shall be

so charged determined by any such Assessment, made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty

hereby imposed shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Aflefi-

mentor Assessments, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would becon/j payable thereon if

the fame were made for a whole Year. . ftSHRIn!

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person charged to the additional Rates or

Duties hereby imposed, shall, upon proving, as hereinafter is mentioned, that the Amount of his or

her annual Income, to be estimated as hereinafter directed, is less than the Sum of sixty Pounds, be

exempted from the said additional Rates or Duties ; and in ah Cafes where such annual Income amounts

to sixty Pounds or more, such Person shall be entitled to such an Abatement of the said additional Rates

or Duties as may be needfary to reduce the fame, in each Cafe respectively, in the Proportions herein-

after dated; (that is to say,) TIM

Where the said annual Income shall appear to be not less than sixty Pounds but under sixty-five

Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one One hundred and twentieth Part of the fame :

Or not less than sixty-five Pounds but under seventy Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Ninety-

fifth Part of the fame : ■' ;

Or not less than seventy Pounds but under seventy-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one

Seventieth Part of the fame :

Or not less than seventy-five Pounds but under eighty Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Sixty-

fifth Part of the fame : >: \\ £SHkyftB

Or not less than eighty Pounds but under eighty-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Sixtieth

Part of the fame.

Or not less than eighty-five Pounds but under ninety Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fifty-fifth

Part of the fame :

Or not less than ninety Pounds but under ninety-five Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one Fiftieth

Part of the fame :

Or not less than ninety-five Pounds but under one hundred Pounds, to a Sum not exceeding one

Forty-fifth Part of the lame :

Or not less than one hundred Pounds but under one hundred and five Pounds, to a Sum not exceed-

ing one Fortieth Part of the fame: . ,$\T

Or not less than one hundred and five Pounds but under one hundred and ten Pounds, to a Sum not

exceeding one Thirty-eighth Part of the lame: v

Or not less than one hundred and ten Pounds but under one hundred and fifteen Pounds, to a Sum

not exceeding one Thirty-(ixth Part of the fame : ‘

Or not leis than one hundred and fifteen Pounds but under one hundred and twenty Pounds, toa Sum

not exceeding one Thirty-fourth Part of the fame:

Or not less than one hundred and twenty Pounds but under one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to

a Sum not exceeding one Thirty-second Part of the fame: ,.vY ^ t

Or not less than one hundred and twenty-five Pounds butunderone hundred and thirty Pounds, toa

Sum not exceeding one Thirtieth Part of the fume :

Or not less than one hundred and thirty Pounds but under one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, toa

Sum not exceeding one Twenty-eighth Part of the fame ; ux)

Or not less than one hundred and thirty-five Pounds but under one hundred and forty Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Twenty-sixth Part of the lame : j,

Or not less than one hundred and forty Pounds but under one hundred and forty-five Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Twenty-fourth Part of the fame :

Or not less than one hundred and forty-five Pounds but under one hundred and fifty Pounds, to a Sum

not exceeding one Twenty-second Part of the lame:

Or not less than one hundred and fifty Pounds but under one hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to a Sum

not exceeding one Twentieth Part of the same : At (BT

Or not Ids than one hundred and fifty-five Pounds but under one hundred and sixty Pounds, to a Sum

not exceeding one Nineteenth Part of the fame : fjj rOK

• [By ^ 11, Innkeepers and Schcolmafers; § 12, Occupiers of furnifsed Lodging Houses j 4 17, Royal A'udemiciant; and b :0*

Keepers of Mai- Jloufts, are rated in the same Proportions.] ' ' Y

• -I

