A.D. 1797. ving Annoying tricdxino feptimo Georgii III. C. 90.

Sum of Two-pence; and where such Siim shall exceed thirty Pounds and shall not exceed fifty Pounds,

the Sum of Three-pence ; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds and shall not exceed one hundred

Pounds, the Sum of Pour-pence ; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds and shall not ex-

ceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence:

Any Bill of Exchange whatsoever, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed

two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Eight-pence :

Any Bill or Note of Lading which shall be signed for a«y Goods or Merchandizes to be exported, the

Sum of one Shilling: - / 1 ‘

Any Bond given a< a Security for Money, the Amount whereof shall not exceed one hundred Pounds,

the Sum of three Shillings ; where the Amount shall exceed one hundred Pounds and shall not amount to

five hundred Pounds, the Sum of ten Shillings; where the Amount shall be of the Value of five hundred

Pounds or upwards, the Sum of fifteen Shillings ; where the Amount shall be of the Value of one thousand

Pounds or upwards, the further Sum of ten Shillings; where the Amount shall be of the Value of two thou-

sand Pounds or upwards, the further Sum of one Pound ; where the Amount shall be of the Value of five

thousand Pounds or upwards, the further Sum of two Pounds: ,

Any Bond not hereby otherwise charged, except Bail Bonds, and Alignments thereof, and except

Bonds exempted from the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by an Act passed in

the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fur the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great

Britain, and for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; and also except Bonds given

by Executors and Administrators, where the Estate to be administered shall not exceed the Sum of twenty

Pounds; and Bonds to be given by the Widow of any common Soldier or Seaman dying in his Majesty’s

Service, on obtaining any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration of any Estate, the Sum of three

Shillings: * . ' . -

Any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, of any Part of any Customs or

Duties, for or in respect of the re-(hipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchandizes from Great Britain,

the Sum of two Shillings :

Any Collation to be made by any Archbishop, or other Bishop, or any Prcfentation or Donation

which shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, or which shall be made by any Patron whatsoever,

of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, the Sum of fix

Pounds:

Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be en-

rolled of Record in any Court whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, the Sum of

ten Shillings: j

Any Copy of any Will, the Sum of Three-pence :

Any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy,of any Indenture, Lease, or other

Deed, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person, other than the Person having or being en-

titled to the Custody of such Indenture, Lease,or other Deed, the Sum of six Shillings and Eight-pence:

Any Difpcnfation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and Benefice, or

any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties

for the Time being, the Sum of ten Pounds:

Any Exemplification whatsoever that shall pass the Seal of any Court, the Sum of one Pound :

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County

Palatine of Lancaster, or of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Per-

son or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the fame, the Sum of eight Pounds:

w • *

Any Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding one hundred

Pounds, which shall pass the Great Seal, or Privy Seal, (not directed to the Great Seal,) the Sum of fix

Pounds: ., . ’

Any Grant of Lands in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant of Profit not herein particularly charged,

that shall pass the Great Seal, the Seal of the Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lan-

caflery or Privy Seal, (not directed to the Great Seal,) the Sum of six Pounds:

Any Grant of any Office or Employment which shall be above the Value of one hundred Pounds per

Annum* the Sum of six Pounds; which Value shall be calculated on the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and

Perquisites appertaining to such Officeor Employment within the Year :

Any Indenture, Leate, or other Deed, not hereby otherwise charged, for which a Stamp Duty of one

Shilling is payable by virtue of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

(except Indentures for binding Parish or Charity-Children Apprentices,) the Sum of three Shillings :

Any Institution or Licence that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor or other Or-

dinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever in England, or any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose,

with any such Institution or Licence that shall be parted or made by any Presbytery or other Spiritual Power

in Scotland, the Sum of fifteen Shillings :

Any Inventory or Catalogue of any Furniture, Goods, or Effcdls, made with Reference to any Agree-

ment, or for the Security of any Person not hereby otherwise charged, the Sum of two Shillings and

Sixpence; ,

' 4E2 Any

57*

payable ot!>cr-

■w'lfj th»n on

Demand.

[ For Fonifn

Mis, fee $ 3 ]

Hills of Ex-

cJnn^e exceed-

ing 2001.

Hills of Lading.

Bonds for pay-

ment of Money.

Other Ponds.

—Exception*.

Certificate hr

Drawbacks.

Collations, Sec.

to Bene&cca.

Deeds enrolled

of Record*

Copies of Wills.

Copies of Deeds.

[Sfcfe/i, § 8.]

. Difpcnfations.

Exemplifica-

tiens*

Crants or Let-1

ters Patent, or

Exemplifica-

tiens thereof.

Grants parting

the Great or

Privy Seal.

Grants patting

the Great Seal,

Seal of the Ex-

chequer, Sec.

Grants of Of-

fice.

Indentures,

Leases, Sec.

[Seepcfl, c. in j

Institutions or

Licences.

Inventories of

Goods, Furni-

ture, Arc.

