Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of

Commissioners

of Stamps.

a] Ge6. III.

Cap. 58, re-

cited.

Exemption in

recited A& of

Bonds, as far as

relates to Bonds

for tool, and

under, repealed.

Persons coun-

terfeiting

Stamps, Sec. to

suffer Death.

Power of for-

mer A£Is, not

hereby altered,

to extend to

this Act.

Duties to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver General

of Stamps, Sic.

Duties to be

applied in de-

fraying any in-

crease! Charge

occnfror.cd by

any luu of

this Stilion.

C. 30. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Estate is of or above the Value of two thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of two Pounds and ten

Shillings ; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of five thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty

of five Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of ten thousand Pounds, a further additional

Duty of ten Pounds. * • * .

II. And be it further ena£! by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more effectual levying, collecting,

and paying, all the said Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and

Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamjicd

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to

employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose; and, in order to denote the Duties payable by

virtue of this Ac!, whenever they fee Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to

denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided

for that Purpose, or one new Stamp to denote the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act;

to alter or renew the fame respectively from l ime to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be

done for putting this A<5! in Execution, with relation to the said several Duties herein-before granted, in the

like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in

Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An /1ft for granting to his Majesty fever ai additional and new Duties upon Stamped folium. Parch-

4 ment, and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties; it was enacted, That,

4 from and after the first Day of Jugu/l one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be raised,

4 levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto the Ule of his Majesty, his

4 Heirs and Succeftbrs, the Rates and Duties following ; that is to say, For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or

4 Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrolled, written, or printed, in Great Britain,

4 any Indenture, Leale, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence is payable by

4 virtue of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (except Bonds given

4 as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money,) there shall be charged an additional Stamp

4 Duty of one ShillingBe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth

Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety five, the said Exception, as far as the fame relates to

Bonds given as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to one hundred

Pounds, or any less Sum, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,

or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp to resemble any Stamp directed or allowed to

be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or

resemble the Impreftion of the fame, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftbrs, of any

of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty

by this Act imposed, with such counteifeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit,

or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to

defraud his Majesty of the said Duties; then every Person fooffending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall differ Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things

prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the fame are applicable) be of full Force

and Effect with relation to the additional Duries hereby impoled, 2nd shall be applied and put in Execution

for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional Duties, according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been

hereby re-enacted with 1 elation to the said additional Duties.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several Duties

hereby granted or made payable, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General

for the l ime being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame, the

necessary Chaiges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame being deducted, into the Receipt of the

Exchequer at such 'l ime and in such Manner as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, are directed to be paid, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried

to and made Part of the Consolidated F'und.

VII. Provided always, and be it further cna£!, That the Monies arising or to arise of the several Rates

or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to

the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock

created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to b°. passed in this Section ol Parliament ;

and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and there shall be provided and kept

in the Office of the Auditor oi the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in

which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with

the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of

defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftbrs, upon any Account whatever.

VllL And be it further enacted by ihe Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Ih ill at any

Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this A61, or of any Ctaufc, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

or

