A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 98, 99. 599

XXV. And be it also enacted, That the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions, contained in the said in

Part recited Act of the thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for empowering Magistrates to hear

and determine Offences against the said Act in a summary Way, and summon and examine Evidences, and

convidt Offenders, and for recovering Penalties and otherwise punishing Offenders, and for authorizing

Persons thinking themselves aggrieved to appeal to the Justices at the General or Quarter Ssfiions of the

Peace, and the Clauses and Directions in the fame Act contained for protecting and indemnifying Magi-

itrates and other Officers under the said Act, shall respectively extend and relate to this present Act, and,

so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be exercised for putting this Act in Exe-

cution, and enforcing the Provisions and Directions thereof, in such and the same Manner as if the fame

several Clauses were herein contained, and at large re-enacted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, 'That all Magistrates, and all other Persons whomsoever, shall be

entitled to and have all such other the Privileges, Protedtions, and Indemnifications, in all Respects what-

soever, for what they shall lawfully'do in putting this Act in Execution, as they are entitled to and5 have by

the Laws already enacted and now in being relative to the making of Bread, and felling, or exposing the

fame to or for Sale, for putting the said Laws in Execution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, shall

be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

Certain Clauses,

Provisions, anti

Piiedlions, in

the Act -51 Geo. 3,

c. 29. extend-

to this Act.

Privileges, In-

demnities, &c.

to Magistrates.

No Certiorari,

shall be

granted to re-

move Proceedings under this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence Limitation of

under this Act* unless the Prosecution in order for such Conviction shall be commenced within fourteen Days ^fecunons.

after the Offence committed; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence vidted not tcTbi

done or committed against this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence under any other Piofccuted for

Law. the fame Offence under any other Law.

XXIX. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted shall, when

recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof, where

any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her, or their Confcfiion, or by the Oath of one

or more credible Witness orWitnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform

against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof, or in

case there be no such Person informing, then the Whole thereof, shall go and be paid or applied to or for

the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Party convicted, as the

Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall in his or their Difcre-

tien think fit.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall

not extend t<M>rejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or any

Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, esquire, and punish the Breach of Assize of

Bread within their respective Leets, or Views of Frankpledge, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the

Market in any Place. 1 * » T

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Regulations, Powers, and Au-

thorities of this Act shall commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, immediately

from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, unless otherwise efpeci-

ally directed by this Act.

Application 9f

Preservation of

Rights.

Commencement

of this Act.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to revive end continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries earned on at

Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the BritiJIj Domi-

nions in Europe \ to continue so much of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation and Exportation of certain

Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in Foreign Ships, into and from the Port of

Saint John's in the Island of Antigua; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bifiop, George

Bishopt and Argles Bishop> to carry on the Manufacture of MaidjUne Geneva; and also

so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time.

• v - [4th July 1797. j

\\7PEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial ;*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, I hat the Bounties granted by a<;ceo. 3 r. it

an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Y ear or the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and rrvived imm

. render January 1,1797,

