34-

C. 12.

ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795

’ CAP. XII.

'£ , JL _ jn jf m . w #. f . _ t ^ »v • ., 9

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits

Most Gracious Sovereign,

March

The'following

additional Du-

tics to be paid

on imported

Spirits.

For Single

Brandy, for

which allDuties

shall not have

been paid by Feb.

*3> x795> 10d-

per Gal loir; and

lor Brandy above

Prod*, J s. 8d. per Gallon:

ForSpirits-of th:

Priti/h Colonies,

S d. per Gallon :

C WE’ .Your Majesty’s m°ft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

1 v V assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

L making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc-

4 calloned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any A& or Acts for that Purpose

4 to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein-after respectively mentioned and do therefore mod

humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons^ in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fatne. That there shall be raised, levied, col-

lected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeft’ors, for and in respect of the several

Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect

thereof by any Act or ACts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned; that is

to say, , * v

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable

thereon shall not be paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty cf ten Pence:

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties

payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence:

For such Spirits

above Proof, 1 s.

4& per Gallon:

For such Spirits

warehoused, and

delivered out

after Feb. 23,

,795, 2d-per

Gallon:

For such Spirits

at ove Proof so

warehoused and

delivered, 1 s.

4 d. per Gallon:

For Single Spi-

rits imported,

other than as

aforesaid, 10 d.

f e: Gallon;

and if above

Pi oof, is. Sd.

per Gallon.

Additional Duty

on Spirits im-

ported from the

British Colonies,

may t>c.bonded,

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations,

imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the

said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer

thereof, a Duty of eight Pence:

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or

before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the

Importer thereof, a Duty of one Shilling and four Pence :

lor every Gallon of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said twenty-

third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be in any Warehousein which the

lame shall have been put, subje£I and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions

contained and provided in an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the

Duties of Excise, and lodging the fame in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-third

Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out of any fuel) Warehouse or

Warehouses respectively for Home Consumption, (except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties

payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand (even

hundred and ninety-five,) to be paid by the Importer upon Demand, a Duty of eight Pence :

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits over Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the

said twenty-third Day of February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, shall be in any such Ware-

house, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, be delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, (except such Rum or Spirits

for which all the Duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,) to be paid by the Importer upon Demand, a Duty of

one Shilling and four Pence:

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid,)

imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon thall not be paid on or before the

said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer

thereof, a Duty of ten Pence :

For every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid,) above

Proof, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or

before the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the

Importer thereof, a Duly of one Shilling and eight Pence.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty

hereby imposed for or in respect of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, may be bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such

Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore

* j- r. 5 ’ - charged

