374

C. 89.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

Penalty on Per-

fons binding

Hay or Straw in

light Tru/Tcs.

Penalty on

Salefmcn buy-

ing and felling,

on their own

Account, Hay

or Straw, or

Grass for Hay.

Sale (men

within seven

Days to send to

the Owner an

Account of the

Place, Time,

and Price of

Hay or Straw

fold, and of the

Purchaser, on Penalty.

or Truss of Hay with Bands of a greater Weight, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of

one Shilling, and also the further Sum of one Shilling for each and every Pound Weight that every such

Pair of Bands shall weigh over and above the Weight of five Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person employed to bind Hay or Straw, shall not bind up

and make the fame into Bundles or Trusses of such Weight as is directed by this Adf, every Person foof-

fending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixpence for every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw not being of

such Weight.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Common Salesman, Factor, or Agent, within the Cities or

Limits aforesaid, shall buy and fell, on his own Account, or of any Person or Persons in Trust for him, any

Hay or Straw whatsoever, cr any Grass of any Kind or Description, growing or making into Hay, on

Pain of forfeiting for each and every fifty-six Pounds Weight of Hay so bought and sold five Shillings, and

for each and every thirty-six Pounds Weight of Straw so bought and sold two Shillings ; and also for each and

every Acre of such Grass growing or making into Hay, so bought and sold, a Sum of Money not exceed-

ing five Pounds, nor less than fi(ty Shillings. . '

IX. And be it further enacted, 'That every Common Salesman, Factor, or Agent, for the Sale of Hay

or Straw, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, shall, within seven Days next after the Sale of every

Load or other Quantity of Hay or Straw, send to the Person or Persons on whose Account the fame

shall have been fold, a just and true Account under his Hand, of the Place where, Time when, and the

Price for which the fame was fold, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Purchasers thereof, on Pain

of forfeiting for every Neglect or Omission a Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than

ten Shillings. ‘

A Register to

be kept in Mar-

kets for enter-

ing Sales of

Hay and Straw,

which shall be

open for In-

■fyettion.

Penally for not

making due, or

making untrue

Entry, or for

refuting Infpcc-

-tien of Register.

Att not to ex-

tend to I lay or

Straw delivered

on special Con-

trail.

Penalty on

Clerk or Tell

Gathererbuying

*cr felling Hay or

^traw.

“Scales anil

*Weights to be

kept at the

Clerk of the

Market’s Of-

fice, and at ttie

Parish Watch

House.

Hay Weighers#

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Market for the Sale of Hay or Straw within the Cities or

Limits aforesaid, there shall be kept a public Book or Register for entering and registering therein an Ac-

count of all Hay and Straw which shall be, from Time to Time, fold in any such Market ; and that in and

for the City of London, such Book or Register shall be kept by the Clerk or Toll Gatherer for the d ime

being, appointed by the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens in the said City; and that in and for

every other such Market within the City of IVrftmirifter and Limits aforesaid, such Book or Regi firr shall

be kept by the Clerk or l oll Gatherer appointed within their several Jurisdictions, and that before Six of the

Clock in the Evening on the Day of the Sale of any Hay or Straw, exceeding tour Trusses in one Quai>

tity, within the Cities or Limits aforesaid in any Market, and within seven Days after any such Sale in the

said Cities and Limits out of any Market, there shall be made by the Seller thereof, a true and faithful

Entry in the Book or Register of the Market in which such Hay or Straw shall be fold, or where the fame

shall be fold out of any Market, in the Book or Register of the Market nearest to the Place of Sale, distin-

guishing the true Names and Places of Abode'of the Persons so felling, and for whom fold, and t>y whom

and on whose Account the fame shall have been bought, and the Place where fold, and the true Price paid

■or agreed to be paid for the fame, which Entry shall be subscribed by each Seller of Hay or Straw, for which

Entry shall be paid to the Keeper of the Book or Register the Sum of one Penny ; and that every such Book

or Register shall be kept at some convenient Place in every such Market for the Sale of Hay and Straw

within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, and shall at all Times between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in

Morning, <md Six of the Clock in the Evening of each and every Day [Sunday excepted) be open for the

Inspection of every Person applying to inspect the fame, paying for every such Inspection the Sum of one

Penny ; and in case any Seller of Hay or Straw shall omit to make the proper Entry required by this Act,

or the Keeper of any Book or Register for the Purpof s aforesaid, shall knowingly (lifter any untrue Entry

to be made or signed therein, or shall refuse to permit such Book or Register to be inspected by any Person

applying, and tendering Payment of the Fee for such Inspection, every such Seller of Hay or Straw, or

Keeper of such Book or Register, so offending, shall, on Conviction for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

a Sum of Money i>ot exceeding five Pounds, norlefs than ten Shillings.

XI. Provided also, anJ be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall oblige any Person

to register any Hay or Straw which he shall deliver in the Cities or Limits aforesaid, on special Contractor

Agreement, but such Hay and Straw only which shall be fenc to any Market or Place within the said Cities

and Limits to be there fold, and which shall be accordingly there fold, shall be registered as before is directed;

any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Clerk or Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, within the

Cities and Limits aforesaid, shall buy or (ell, or be concerned in the buying or selling of Hay or Straw

within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, under thi. Penalty of two Shillings and Sixpence for every Bundleor

Truss of Hay so bought or sold by him, or in the buying or selling of which he shall be so concerned, and of

one Shilling for every such Bundle or Truss of Straw.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by every Clerk or Toll Gatherer wit

the Cities or Limits aforesaid, and kept at the Office of the Clerk of every Hay Market within the

Cities or Limits, as also at the Watch House of each and every Parish within the Limits there©!, by

Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parishes respectively, proper Scales and Weights, or Engines lor

weighing all Hay rnd Straw which shall be required to be weighed; and such Clerk or Toll Gatherer of

Hay Market, or his Deputy, and the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Seal

Weights, and Engines shall be kept, are hereby appointed Hay Weighers within their respective Parishc

15 and

