248

Geo. III.

Cap. 30, and

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 65.

Act not to ex-

tend to Foreign

Corn, Arc.ware-

housed, and not

takrn out for

Home Con-

fumption.

His Majesty in

Council may

permit the car-

rying Coastwise,

&c. Com, Sec.

for the Purposes

mentioned in

the above Acts.

Certain Articles

may be import-

, Duty free,

from any Place,

in British Vef-

fels, or Veflrls

belonging to

Places in Amity

with his Ma-

jtfty.

Entry to be made

rf such Articles

with the Officer

of the Customs,

on Penalty of

forfeiture.

Recovery and

m

Application of

Fcrfeitures.

3> 4. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

^ ^ ~ 4 4|pi *

Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be exported, or loaded or hid on board, shall be subjec! and liable to

the like Forfeitures, and in like Manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, as if the said

Corn or other Articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, contrary to the Provisions of two A6!s,

one passed in the thirty—firft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the

Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of we Bounty on

British Corn exported \ and the other passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,4 An Act for

4 regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn» and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported,

and of tf?e Bounty on British Corn exported ? Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour that shall have been, or may hereafter be,

imported and warehoused in the Manner and on the Conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned A& of

the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and shall not have been taken out of such Warehouse

for Home Consumption.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coast wile, or carrying out,

or the Exportation of, the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, for all or any of the Purposes

mentioned in the said two A£!s, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty’s Reign,

or either of them, in like Manner, and in the fame Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the fame

Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two A£fs, or either of them, at such "l imes as any of the several

Sorts cf Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject! to the like Securities,

Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either

of them, in any such Cafe required and imposed.

III. And whereas it is likewise expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited

4 Time, the Importation of certain other Provisions into Great Britain, in BritiJI) Ships, or in Ships belonging

4 to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever,

4 without Payment of any Duty whatever :y Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commence-

ment of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever

to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British) Ship or Vessel, or in any other

Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in

any Manner whatever, any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all

other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton,

Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago,

Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, without the

Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times before the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Commence-

ment of the said next Session of Parliament; any Thing in any Act or Ad!s of Parliament to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be

made of all such Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of

Pulse; and of such Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef and Pork, Veal, Mutton,

and Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Ver-

micelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this

Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the fame shall be imported; and in

Default thereof, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his

Majesty’s Customs. t

V. And be it further ena£!cd by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and

incurred by this Act (and not herein otherwise specially direct!cd to be prosecuted and recovered) shall and

may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and

Methods as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence again!! the

Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of;* and the Officer or

Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Adf shall be entitled to and receive such Share of

the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for

unlawfel Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or

Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they arc now by any Law or Regulation entitled to

upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties. - - -it t

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue an Adf for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax.

Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His

Majesty, for a limited Time.—[23d November 1795.J

44 Geo, III. Cap. 100. recited; and continued till thirty Days after the Commencement of next Session-.*

