37»

vision of a

Salesman; and

if frivolous, the

Justice may

avard Costs to

the Employer.

Appeal may be

made to the

Quarter Scf-

fionj.

Penalties to go

• to the Prose-

cutor.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I due.

Rouble Costs*.

\

I

G. 8g. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto GeorcTii III. A.D. 1796.

every such Complaint or Information shall be made within fourteen Days after the Conviction of such Sales-

man as aforesaid, and not afterwards ; and if it shall appear to the said justice, on hearing the Cafe, that such

Complaint so made by the Salesman as aforesaid, is frivolous and unfounded, it shall be lawful for such Juf-

tice to award all reasonable Charges and Expences by Way of Costs, to be paid to the said Farmer or other

Person, provided he shall attend the said Summons, as the said Justice shall think right, according to the Cir-

cumstances of the Cafe; such Costs to be levied on the Salesman so complaining, in like Manner as is

herein-before directed. * , *

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence punishable by

this A&, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any such

justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal against the fame to the Justices at the General or General

[uartcr Sessions of the Peace of the County or Place in which any such Conviction shall have been made,

which shall be held next after any such Conviction, uolefs such next General or General Quarter Sections of

the Peace for any such County or Place shall happen to be held within fix Days next after any such Convic-

tien ; and if any such General or General Quarter Section of the Peace shall happen to be so held within the

said Space of fix Days next after any such Conviction, then it shall be lawful for any such Person, at the

second General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County or Place

next after any such Conviction, so that the Party appearing before any such Appeal shall be received, im-

mediately upon such ConviCtion enter into a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice

to convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with

EtFect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter Session of the Peace, are hereby

authorized and required, on every such Appeal being made, finally to hear and determine the Matter of

every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and to award such Costs therein, as they in their Discretion

shall fee meet *, and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and no

Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

XXX. And be it further enaCted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture by this A& imposed shall, when

recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Of-

fenders against this Act.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done in purfuanc©

or in Execution of this Act, after the Expiration of six Months from the Offence committed ; and every

such Suit or Prosecution shall be brought in the County or Place where such Offence shall have been com-

mitted ; and every Person so sued shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and may give this Act

and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if a Yrerdi& shall be found for

the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action after the

Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall recover Double Costs, and have the like Re-

medy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes for Recovery of their Costs.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for affeflirig the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Duties on Salt,

for their Salaries and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax in the Pa-

ri(h of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster^ notwith-

standing the said Office has been removed into Somer/et Placey within the Duchy Liberty

in the 67rand, in the County of Middlesex.— [14th May 1796.]

4 'f X WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Afl for granting an

4 YV Aid to his Majesty by a Land Fax, to be raijsd in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one

4 thoufand/even hundred and ninety fix, it is enacted, that every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick upon

4 Tiveed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or tm-

4 ployment in the County, City, or Place, where the fame shall be exercised, although the Revenue or

4 Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere ; and it is also by the said Act further

♦ enacted, that any Part of the said Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made

4 in this present Session of Parliament: And whereas the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers for the

4 Time being, appointed and employed in the Receipt, Management, and Government of the Duties on

4 Salt, did, for a great Number of Years previous to the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

4 exercise their Offices within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City and Liberty of Ivefimin-

4 fier, during all which l ime they were rated and aifeffed to the Land Tax, for their Salaries and other Pro-

4 (■ AIM /#> i xl f Y « A Po »* I (li i- C /I . M / 1 / L 4 /> • Z?. a 1 A /■ an Ai/1 ( ' T tr

1

tn

prelled and

and Government of the said Duties on Salt, should be assessed for their Salaries and other Profits of the.r

* said Offices elsewhere than in the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the said City and Liberty '*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most E:

......I................................. mm i mm Ti

mons.

