Anno tricesimo octavo G e o r g i i III.

814.

C. 60.

A.D. 1798.

nalty shall have been brought, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

Debt, and they are hereby required to reserve to the Use of the Public such Part of the Capital Stock trans-

ferred under such Contract as {nail be equal to the Penalty incurred, and on Demand thereof made, to trans-

fer the Remainder of such Capital Stock to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, ia-

terefted in such Stock, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

Penalty out of the Stock actually transferred, and retransfer the Remainder to the Purchaser.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and

they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books under the Title of An Account of the Sale

of the Land Tax” as before directed*, and to carry to the Credit of such Account the Monies directed to be

paid into the Bank of England, upon the said Account, and the Cashier or Cashiersof the Bank of England

rs and are hereby required to accept and receive all such Monies from any Person or Persons, Bodies, Cor-

porations, or Companies aforesaid, and to make Entries thereof in the Books of the Bank of England to be

provided for that Purpose.

Clir. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessment of Land Tax, which shall continue to be

charged in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter be found to exceed the Rate of four Shillings

in the Pound on the annual Valueof such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the

fame shall be subject to an Abatement in the Manner in such Cafes directed by the said Act of the present

Session of Parliament; and that after such Abatement made, an Assessment specifying such Abatement {hall

be made thereof accordingly; and the Commissioners making such Assessment {hall cause Duplicates thereof

to be returned to the said Receivers General, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Offices

of the King’s Remembrancer at IVe/imin/ler and Edinburgh respectively, in the Manner therein directed in

other Cafes of Assessments. _ yluj

CIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments which now are rated together, and chargeable with the Payment of one Gross Sum by Way of Land

Tax, (and which Land Tax shall be purchasea and continued payable, and be coliedled under the Regula-

tiens contained in this Act,) shall hereafter be separated or divided, and come into the Possession of different

Persons, prior to the Time when such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {hall be

exonerated therefrom by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Cafe the Commissioners of Land Tax

acting in or for the Division wherein such Land Tax {hall be charged, if in England, or the Commission-

ers of Supply acting for the County, Stewartry, or Place, if in Scotland, or any two or more of them, shall

cause such Land Tax to be apportioned as between such Persons respectively, according to the Value of their

respective Estates, and to aflels and charge the Proportions in which their respective Estates {hall bear and

sustain the fame, or if in Scotland, according to the Rules and Regulations followed there in the Division of

Cumulo valued Rents; and in case any one of such Persons shall, at any Time or Times after such Land

Tax shall be apportioned, be compelled to pay the Whole of the said Land Tax, or more than his or her

due Proportion thereof, such Person or Persons shall and may, and is and are hereby authorized and em-

powered to demand of and from the Person or Persons who, under such Assessment, ought to have paid the

fame, such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall have been compelled to pay over and above his,

her, or their due Proportion of such Land Tax, and on Refusal to pay the fame, to proceed for the Recovery

thereof in the same Manner, in all Respects, as Lessors or Landlords can or may, by virtue of any Lawsor

Acts now in force in England and Scotlandrt\pc6\\vc\y^ proceed for the Recovery of Relit in Arrear.

CV. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in any Parishor Place, separately assessed to the Land

Tax, the Whole of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments in such Parish or Place, shall have been redeemed, and all the Manors, Messuages, Lands Te-

nements, or Hereditaments in such Parish or Place shall be exonerated, under and by virtue of this Act,

from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as Land Tax, all Assessments in such Parish or Place, by

virtue of this Act, shall cease and determine. v f5lp|

Contract is not

sued for, the

Commissioners

for reducing the

National Debt

may retain the

Bank to open

an Account of

the Sale of the /

Land Tax, and

receive Monies,

and make En-

tries according-

ly

If any AflTcflT-

mcnc of the

Land Tax shall

exceed 4s. in the

Pound, an

Abatement

shall be made,

and A fle Aments

made accord-

ingly.

Where Lands

now rated to-

gether shall be

hereafter di-

vided, the Land

Tax continuing

to be paid, it

shall be appor-

tioned by the

Land Tax

Commissioners;

and if either of

the Poflc/Tors

shall be called

on to pay the

whole Land

Tax, he shall

recover from

the other his

Portion as Relit

due.

When the

Whole of the

Land Tax in

any Parish is

redeemed, and

the Parish exo-

nerated , all

Assessments

thereof shall cease.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Capital Stock of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank

Annuities shall, by virtue of this Act, be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na-

tional Debt, the Interest or Dividend which would have been payable on such Stock, shall from thenceforth

cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and the

Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing

Produce of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in such Manner as Parliament shall from Time to Time

diredh

The Interest on

3 per Cents,

transferred

under this Act

to Commission-

ers for reducing

the Nntional

Debt, shall not

be issued irom ..

the Exchequer; but remain a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, disposable by Parliament.

But when Mock

is tran fcired by

the said Co.n-

miflfioner* to

anyone, thr Di-

vidends shall a-

gainbe payable.

CVIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Capital Stock shall be transferred

by the said Commissioners to any Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, the Dividends shall again

be payable thereon in the same Manner as if the fame had never been transferred to the said Com-

missioners*

CVIII. And

