A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

C. 69.

83*

1 > ' CAP. LXIX.

An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now

T/*: ‘ " allowed by Law.—[21ft June 1798.]

* WHErREA? '• Would b,e f?r the LAdv.antage of the Manicures of Gold in this Kingdom, that Gold

« of an inferior Standard to what is now allowed by Law should be permitted to be used for the

fame: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s meft

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

hrlt Day of OShber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall be lawful for any Gold-

smith, or other Person making, trading, or dealing in Gold Wares in Great Britain, to work or make

or cause or procure to be wrought or made, any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold whatsoever!

of the Standard of eighteen Carats of F me Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and to fell, exchange, or

ex pole to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom,- any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold whatso-

ever, of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy; any Thine contained

in any A& or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. s

II. And be it further enated, That, from and after the said first Day of October one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, no Person whatever shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this

Kingdom, or caule or procure to be sold, exchanged, or exposed to Sale, or exported out of this Kingdom,

any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, made after the said first Day of October one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy

until such Vessel, Plaje, or Manufacture, shall be marked with the new Mark as follows : that is to say

with the Mark of a Crown and the Figures iS, instead* of the Mark of the Lien Passant, upon Pain that

every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respetive Companies of Goldsmiths in

London, Edinburgh, Birmingham, and Sheffield, and the Wardens and Affayer or Aflayers of Gold at

York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, being respectively duly authorized ac-

cording to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, to touch, assay and mark

with the Mark hereinbefore diredded to be used, any Gold Vessel, Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold’

made and wrought after the said first Day of October one .thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight of the

Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, of Gold brought to them’respect--

ively to be touched, assayed, or marked, in like Manner and under the like Regulations, except as to the

Maik herein directed to be used, instead of the Mark of the Lien Passant, as they relatively are authorized

by the Laws in force on and immediately'before the passing of this Act, to touch, assay, or mark, any Gold

Vessel, Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, of the Standard of twenty-two Carats of Fine Gold in every

Pound Weight Troy. 1

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed

to extend to prohibit the making, felling, exchanging, exposing to Sale, or exporting out of this Kinedom

any Gold Vessels, Plate, or Manufactures of Gold whatever, of the Standard of twenty-two Cams of

Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, in the Manner d.reded by any Law in force on and imme-

diately before the passing of this Act. ' .*

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize

any Person to touch, assay, or mark, .with the Mark directed to be used by the Laws in force at and im-

mediately before the passing of this Act, any Gold Vessel, Gold Plate, or Manufacture of Gold, made

and wrought of a lower Standard than the Standard of twenty, two Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound

Weight Troy of Gold. s • ’ . of tbisAa, any Gold Manufacture of lower Standard than^xfi.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the said first Day of October Penalty of 5ol.

one thousand fevervhundred and ninety-eight, work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made,

or shall fell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, or cause or procure to be sold,

exchanged, or exposed to Sale, or exported out of this Kingdom, any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture

of Gold, not being duly marked with one of the Marks by Law required, to denote one of the respective

Standards of twenty-two or eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, every such Per-

son shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the said first Day of October one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, if any Person shall forge, cast, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast,

forged, or counterfeited, the Mark or Stamp used, or directed to be used in pursuance of this A&, for the

marking or stamping of Gold Plate by the Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or the Bir-

mingham or Sheffield Company, or by the Wardens or Affayer or Assayers at Tons, Exeter, Bristol, Chester,

Norwich, or Newcallle upon Tyne, or any or either of them, or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or shall

cause or procure to be calf, forged, or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Impresslon, in Imitation of or

to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Imprellion, made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp used or to

■SP J -• ^ ’ ■f' - ij£u y.

From Oft. t,

1798, Gold may

be ma no fa ft u red

for Sale or Ex-

portation of the

Standard of 18

Carats In a

Pound Troy.

Such manufac-

tured Gold not

to be exposed

for Sale, fold, or

exported, until

marked, with a

new Mark under

this Act, on Pe-

nalty of id.

The Company

of Goldsmiths in

London, &c.

may allay and

mark such ma-

nutaft ured Gold

as now author-

ized by Law,

except as to tht

Mark.

Act not to pre-

vent the manu-

fafturing of

Gold of the

Standard of zz

Carats in the

Pound Troy:

But rot to au-

thorize the af-

saying with the

Mark used be-

for making, fell-

ing, or export-

ing manufac-

tured Gold not

marked with

one of thcMarks

required by Law.

Persons coun-

terfeiting

Marks, &c. or

felling, or ex-

porting Articles

with such coun-

terfeit Marks,

See. or being

wilfully pof-

feircd ol such

