A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 6, 7. 479

or Suit may plead the Genera] Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to Central Jffue.

be had thereupon ; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aston or Suit,

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the De-

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and hive the like Remedy for Treble Costs.'

the fame, as any Defendant hath in any other Cafes to recover Costs by Law.

L\X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by xa may be al-

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. tered or repealed this Session. (S« Cap. 13

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to the Direction of the Service of the Men Continuances

enrolled by virtue thereof, shall continue and be in Force during the present War, and for the Space of one

Calendar Month after the Determination thereof: Provided always, that all the Powers and Regulations of

this Act, which shall be necessary for enforcing the due C< I lection of the Monies required for the Pay,

Cloathing, and Maintenance of the Forces raised by virtue thereof, until the l ime of their actual Dif-

charge, mall continue and be in Force for six Calendar Months after the End of the present War, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament*, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation

Potatoesy and to permit the Imoortation of Corny and other

of Corny Mealy Floury and

Articles of Prevision, for a

limited Titne> in any Ships white jety without Payment of Duty; and for permitting

Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imporred, in order to obtain .he Bounties granted

by an Act of the last SefTi n of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for

making Rread, to he used in the Manufacture of Search, Hair Powder, and Blue, or

in the Distillation of Low Wmcs and Spirits —[1 ith November 1796.]

tituled, An Act to prohibit the Ex-

? Importation of Corn and other

1 Articles of Provision for a limited Time, in any Ships whatever. without Payment of Duty : And whereas

‘ it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to continue for a further Time, and to amend the said

4 AftMay it therefore pleaft* your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most

Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of 'he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this resent Parliament n fie mb led, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after

the Expiration of toe said Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the

next S ffion of Parliament, it th ill not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, from any Part of this

Kingdom, any British or Foreign Wheat, Rve, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Peale, Beans, Oats, or any Meal

or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or any Potatoes, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or

Meal or Flour made thereof; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import, into any Part

of this Kingdom, any Foreign Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in

any other Ship or Vessel bt-lcnging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Arnity with his M. j fty, and

navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also to take out of

Warehouse, for Home Confu tation, any such Foreign Corn, or other ArticPs, as aforesaid, without Pay-

ment of any Duty whatsoever; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And if

any Person shall export, or shall load or lay on board any Ship or other Vessel, with Intent to export, any

Corn or other Articles, as a fore said, the Person so exporting, or loading, or laying on hoard, with Intent to

export the fame, shall be liable and subject to the like Forfeitures and Penalties ; and the said Corn or other

Articles, and the Ship or Vefiid in which the fame shall be exported, or loadtd or laid on board, shall be

subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, and in like Manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recoverrd, and dif-

F[>( cf, as if the said Corn or other Articles were exported, or loaded or laid on hoard, contrary to the

rovisions of two Acts, one passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his 1 resent Majesty, intituled.

An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn

importedy and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and the other passed in the thirty-third Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an At7, made in the thirty fiifl Year of the Reign of his

present Maje/ly, intituled, 4 An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment

c of the Duty on Foreign Corn importedy and of the Bounty on British Corn exported:' i’rovided always, that

nothing herein contained shall extend, or be coriftrued to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour,

that shall have been, or may hereafter be, imported and warehoused in the Manner, and on the Conditions

mentioned in the before-mentioned Act in the thirty-first Year of his pretent Majesty's Reign, and shall

not have been taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

36 Geo. Ill*

Cap. 3.

No Wheat, Scc.

to be exported

for a limited

Time.

Foreign Corn,

Sec. »nay be im-

ported Duty-

free ;

and ttken out

of Warehouse*

for Home Con-

fumption.

Persons export-

ing Corn, Sec.

liable to Penal-

tics oi

31 Gee. III.

Cap. 30; and

33 Gio- HI.

Cap. 65. ,

^ 0 %

A& not to ex.

tend to Foreign

Corn, fcc.waro

honied, and not

taken out for

Home Confomption*

II Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs Mij.rty m

and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, or by Order in Council, to permit the car- ta"

* " S ._____ ■» Tying rymiCoa(twife#

