A.D. 1797.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 91.

581

ings to be had

to ascertain the

Amount of any

Demand on the

Bank, or for the

Furtherance of

Justice.

No Costs to lie

given unlei's the

Court think the

Act ion nteef-

fary.

[This Session it

verbatim (be fame

at § 2. of Cap.

45 J

The Eank may

issue Calli in

Payments under

20s.; or to the

Army or Navy,

in pursuance of

Orders in Coun-

cil, which shall

be laid before

Parliament.

to advance any

Money by Way

of Loan lor the

Public Service

ing the Amount of any Demand on the said Governor and Company, or otherwise for the Furtherance of

Justice, that any Proceedings should be had for any such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Court to per-

mit Proceedings to be had in any such Action or Suit lor such necessary Purpose only, or to ascertain the

Amount of such Demand, in a summary VYay, as the Nature of the particular Cafe may require, and as

shall be confident with the Restriction on Payments in Cash hereby imposed: Provided also, that no Costs

shall be recovered against the said Governor and Company, in any Action or Suit which, during the Conti-

nuance of the Restriction aforesaid, shall be brought or prosecuted for the Purpose of compelling Payment by

the said Governor and Company of any Debt or Demand, unless the Court wherein the fame shall be

brought or prosecuted shall be of Opinion that the fame was necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the

Amount of such Debt or Demand, or the I itle thereto, and in such Cafe such Court may direct the Pay-

ment of such Costs by the said Governor and Company in their Notes expressed" to be payable on Demand,

if the Party or Parties entitled to such Costs shall be willing to accept such Notes; and if such Party or

Parties shall refute to accept such Notes, then such Court shall stay all Proceedings to compel Payment of

such Costs until after the Expiration of the Restriction on Payments by the said Governor and Company in

Cash, herein containech ' . ‘

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend to restrain the said Governor and Company from ift'uing any Sum of Money less than

twenty Shillings in Calli in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to twenty Shillings, or in Pay-

ment of so much of any larger Debt or Demand as dull be a fractional Part of twenty Shillings over and

above the Residue of such Debt or Demand; or from issuing any Sum of Money in Cash for the Services of

the Army, Navy, or Ordnance, in pursuance of an Order of his Majesty’s Privy Counc-1, dating the special

Purpose for which such Issue shall be required, and the Necessity for the fame; all which Order of Council

shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within three Days after the Date of each such Order, if

Parliament thall be then fitting, and if not, then within three Days after the Sitting of Parliament. [Verbatim from ^of'cap. 45.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, I hat it shall not be lawful for the said Governor and Compiny, The Bank not

during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments in Cash imposed by this Act, to issue any Sum of

Money in Cash, or in Notes of the said Governor and Company, by Way of Loan or Advance, for or on

Account of the Public Service; any Law, Usage, or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

, during the Restriction. [600,000l. permitted by § 4. of Cap 45.J

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance Thc Bank may

of the Restriction by this Act imposed on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, it shall

nevertheless be lawful for the said Governor and Company to accept,from any Person or Persons whatsoever,

any Sum or Sums of Money, in Cash, not being less than five hundred Pounds, in Exchange for Notes of

the said Governor and Company, of equal Amount, upon an Engagement from the said Governor and

Compay to pay to such Person or Persons, dur ing the Continuance of such Restriction as aforesaid, Calli in

Exchange for any Note or Notes oUthe laid Governor and Company, payable on Demand, to such an

Amount, not exceeding in the Whole Three-fourths of the Sum of Money which shall have been so paid by

such Person or Persons to the said Governor and Company in Calli, and in such Proportions, and at fuel)

Intervals, as shall be expressed in such Engagement; and it shall be lawful fur the said Governor and Com-

pany to pay in Cash such Sum and Sums ot Money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the

Terms of such Engagement, to the Amount, in the Proportions, at the Times, and in the Manner therein to

be expressed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it lurther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat it shall be lawful for the

said Governor and Company, notwithstanding the Restrictions imposed by this Act, to advance, for. the

Accommodation of the Persons dealing as Bankers in London, IVtJlninJler, and the Borough ot Southwark,

in Cash, any Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thouLnd Pounds in the Whole, to be paid to such

Persons, at such Times, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as to the said Governor and Company

shall seem expedient. wark. [Verbatim from § 6. of Cap. 45 ]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ^s*0001- for

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon Application being made to them, by or on the Behalf

of the Treasurer of the Bank called The Bank of Scotland, establfthed by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland,

in one thousand six hundred and ninety, five, or by or on the Behalf of the Caftiier of the Bank called The

Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by Royal Charter, dated the thirty first Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and twenty seven, to issue and pay to such Treasurer or Cashier respectively, or to such Person or

Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the foie Use of the said Banks, such Sum or

Sums of Money, in Gold or Silver, as may be required, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds

for each of the said Banks; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat all Payments in Notes of the said

Governor and Company expressed to be payable on Demand, which have bet n made since the twenty-

sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the Re-

ftridion on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Calli, herein contained, shall be deemed Pay-

ments in Calli if mad? and accepted as luen; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing. v . ■' ;1

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Re-

ftridion on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Cash, imposed by this Act, no Person shall

receive Sums,

not under 500!.,

for Notes, and

engage to repay

1 luce-fourths

in Calli

5- of Cap. 45.

ratifies such En-

gagement from

April j;J

100,0001. in

Cash may be

advanced to the

Hankers of Lon-

don, Westmin-

fter, and South-

each may be

advanced to the

Bank of Scot-

land, and the

Royal Bank of

Scotland.'

[Virbatim from

of Cep. 4$.]

*5

be

Payments in

Notes to be

deemed made

in Cash, if ac-

cepted as such.

[ frrbatim from

$ S. of Cap. 45.]

No Person to

be held to Spe-

cial Bail unless

