A.C. 1796.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 88.

375

and if any Doubt shall at any Time arise, whether any Hay or Straw fold in the Cities or Li-

it shall be lawful for the Buyer thereof, his

and Places ;

mits aforesaid is not of the Weight the fame ought to be, then

Servant or Agent, on the Delivery of any such Hay or Straw at the Abode, Yard, or Left of the Buyer, or

other Place where the fame shall be agreed by the Seller to be delivered, to cause the fame to be weighed in

the Presence of the Seller, or his Servant or Agent; and if, on the fame being so weighed, the Buyer or

Seller cf any such Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, shall be dissatisfied with any such weighing, it shall

be lawful for any such Buyer, his Servant or Agent, if the Hay be delivered within a Parish where there

is any Hay Market, with all convenient Speed, to apply to the Clerk or Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, of

such Market, and ifthfc Hay be delivered in any other Parish within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, to apply

to the Hay Weigher neareif to the Place where any such Hay or Straw shall be delivered to weigh the fame,

and on any such Application being made, such Clerk or l oll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other I lay Weigher

who shall be applied to, shall with all convenient Speed come to the Place where such Hay or Straw (nail

be within the Limits aforesaiJ, and shall there weigh such Hay or Straw as shall be complained of, and the

Weight thereof, which shall be ascertained by any such Clerk or Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other

Hay Weigher, shall be conclusive to all Parties; but in case the Clerk or Toll Gatherer of any Market, or

his Deputy, shall not, upon such Application as aforesaid, come with all convenient Speed to the Place

where such Hay or Straw shall be delivered, it shall be lawful for the Buyer, his Servant or Agent, to apply

for the Purposes aforeflvd to such other Hay Weigher as shall be nearest to the Place where any such Hay or

Straw shall be delivered; and the Person who shall require any such Clerk, Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy,

or other Hay Weigher, to attend and weigh any such Hay or Straw, shall pay or tender to such Hay Weigher

the Sum of three Shillings for a Load, or in proportion for a greater or less Quantity, before he shall be

obliged to go to weigh any such Hay or Straw, and if the Hay or Straw which shall be so weighed shall not

be of the due Weight the fame ought to be, then the Sum (o paid shall be forthwith repaid to him by the

Seller of such Hay or Straw; and if any Clerk or Toll Gatherer, Churchwarden or Overseer, within the

Limits aforesaid, shall omit to provide and keep proper Scales and Weights, or Engines, for the weighing

of Hay or Straw, or if any Clerk, Toll Gatherer, or his Deputy, or other Hay Weigher, shall neglebfc or

refuse to weigh any Hay or Straw when required, at any seasonable Time in the Day Time, and so as the

Sum aforesaid shall have been paid or tendered, every such Person offending therein shall for every such Of-

fence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall incur any Penalty for felling any

Hay or Siraw of less Weight or worse Quality than the fame ought to be, unless such Hay or Straw shall be

weighed cither at or before the Delivery, with the Privity of the Buyer, his Servant or Agent, or com-

plained of in respect of the Quality thereof at the Time and Place at which the fame shall be agreed to be

delivered by the Seller, in the Presence of such Seller, his Servant or Agent, unless such Seller, his Servant

or Agent, on Request made, or on Notice given to him or them to attend to fee such Hay or Straw so

weighed, shall refuse or neglect to attend to lee the fame so weighed j any Thing herein contained to the

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Markets for Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Cities and Li-

mits aforesaid, shall End at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Market Day between Lady Day

and Michaelmas, and at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Market Day between Michaelmas and

Lady Day, and that Notices thereof shall be given by the Clerk or T oil Gatherer, or his Deputy, in the fe-

verul Markets or Places for the Sale of Hay and Straw within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, by ringing on

the usual Market Days a large Hand Bell round each respe£live Market or Place for the Sale of Hay or

Straw, one Hour before the Expiration of the Times above-mentioned, ajid again at the Expiration of the

Hours above-mentioned, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence a Sum of Money not exceeding ten

Shillings, nor less than five Shillings; and every Person who shall fell any Hay or Straw in any Market

within the Cities or Limits aforesaid, after the Hours aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Bundle or Trufsof

Hay (b fold the Sum of Sixpence, and for every Bundle or Truss of Straw so fold the Sum of three Pence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having the Care or Direction of any Waggon, Wain,

or Cart, uled for the Purpose of bringing Hay or Straw, shall suffer the fame to remain in any Market or

Place for the Sale of Hay and Straw, within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, on the usual Market Days

from Lady Day to Michaelmas, after Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady

Day after 1'hree of the Clock in the Afternoon, in any Year, every Person so offending shall forfeit for

every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, so left as aforesaid, a Sum of Money not exceeding twenty Shillings,

nor less than five Shillings. / ' ' v V , n

XVII. And be n further enabled. That if any Person having the Care or Direction of any Waggon,

Wain, or Cart, in any Market or Place for the Sale of Hay or Straw within the Cities or Limits aforesaid,

shall permit or suffer the Horseor Horses drawing the fame to feed and remain in any such Market or Place

for the Space ot fifteen Minutes, during the Hours allowed for Sale of Hay or Straw, under any Pretence

whatsoever, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not ex-

ceeding twenty Shilling-, nor less than five Shillings.

XV III. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall buy and fell again any Hay or Straw,

that shall or may be conveying by Land or Water Carriage for the Purpose of felling within the Cities or

Limits aforesaid, and that every Person so offending shall forfeit for every Trufsof Hay or Straw so bought

and (old the Sum of five Shillings; and no Person shall buy any Hay or Straw in any Market or Place

(or the Sale of Hay or Straw, for the Purpose of felling again in any such Market or other Place within tnc

36 GEO.HL 3C . . Cities

Buyer of Hay

or Straw may

cause it to be

weighed on De-

livery.

Directions for

weighing it in

case of IXftal.f-

fad ion.

Penalty for rot

providing Scales

and Weights, or

for neglecting to

weigh Hay or

Straw.

No Penalty to

be incurred for

felling Hay or

Straw, not

Weight, or of

bad Qual.ty,

unless weighed

at or befc-re

Delivery, See.

Hours at which

Marke.s shall

end, of which

Notice shall be

given by ringing

a Bell, on Pe-

nalty.

Penalty for fell-

ing alter Mar-

ket Hours.

Penalty for let*

ting Hay Carts

rurnain in Hay

Markets after

certain Hours*

Penalty for per-

mitting Horses

drawing Hay of

Straw to remain

in a Marktt 15

Minutes dtinng

Market Hours.

Penalty for

buy.ng ..nd fell-

ing agam Hay

or Straw, con-

veying to be

fold within the

Limits of the

