2gi

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 4.0—47.

and the fourth, eleventh, eighteenth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is

hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins

from Ireland, and the British) Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the

first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament; and which, by several Acts made in the fourteenth, twenty-first, twenty-seventh, and

thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until* the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and

three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ca, continued to J

So much of 9

Geo. III. Cap.

39. as relates to

free Import a.

tien of raw

Hides and

Skins from

Ireland and the

British Planta-

tiens in Ameri-

une 1, 1803, &c.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the thirty-

third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Di/lilleries in Scot-

land, and the Exportation of \$x\x\lh-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,

for a limited Time, as imposes Duties on Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, which was to continue

in Force until the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the

first Day cf December one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament.

So much of 33

Geo. III. Cap.

6t. as imposes a

Duty on Spirit*

made in Scot-

land and im-

ported into

England, con-

tinued to Dec.

J, 180a,

CAP. XLI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six.—[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation to

finish and complete the same; and for amending the Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.—[24th March 1796.]

CAP. XLIir.

—^ -

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an A&, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jesty. intituled, An Act for the better pavings cleatijing, repairings lightings and watchings the HighwaySs

Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Till cf Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing

Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market Ho up, and holding a public Market in the /aid Viu.

* [24th March 1796.]

CAP. ^LIV.

An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Canal, authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-

fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canalfrom the

River Kennet, at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the

City of Bath; and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; and to amend the said Act; and alto to

make a certain Navigable Cut therein described.—[24th March 1796.]

- - CAP. XLV.

An Act to amend arid render more effectual an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, pavings and cieanjingy the Highways, Streets, and Lunesy

within the Town and Borough rf Deal, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroach-

tnentsi Objlrufticns, Nuifances, and Annoyances therein.—[24th March 1796.J

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Exe near the Town of TofJJjiViiy in the County of

Devons to the River Tones near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for cleansing and

making navigable a certain Part of the find River Tone; and for making certain Cuts from the said Canal.

[ 2 4 th Alarch 1796.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from cr near Gain's Crofsy in the Parish of Shilling/Ion Okeford, in

the County of Dorset, to communicate vviih the Kennett and Avon Canal at or near H'iJbrooky in the

County of ITiltsy and also a certain Navigable Branch from the intended Canal.—[ 24th March 1796. J

