A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georg 11 III.

C. 94*

919

rants, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy to be held for that Purpose, and that such Allowance shall in no no more than

Cafe exceed the Rate of two Shillings weekly in respe& of each such Mare or Gelding. as. per Week

t i , « shall be allowed for each Horse.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled to serve in the said Provisional Force of

Cavalry raised by virtue of the said Acts, shall, when ordered out to be embodied, leave a Family unable to

support themselves, (or shall, when ordered out to be trained and exercised, be compelled to leave his Home,

having a Family unable to support themselvesj the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish,

Tything, or Place where the Family of such Person shall dwellj shall, by Order of someone Justice of the

Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place, pay to such Family the

following weekly Allowance; (that is to say,) A Sum not exceeding one Shilling for each and every Child

born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years, and a Sum not exceeding one Shilling for ihe Wife of

the Person so enrolled and serving as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children ; and

in every Parish, Tything, or Place, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for

the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate shall be made from Time to Time for railing Sums sufficient for that

Purpose. . ~ '

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have provided a Mare or Gelding for the said

Service, who at the Time of the Order made for providing such Mare or fielding shall not have had any

Mare or Gelding fit for Military Service, which shall have been accepted, and if in consequence of such

Refusal such Person shall have provided and kept an additional Mare or Gelding'beyond the usual Number

Weekly Allow-

alice out of Poor

Rates to be pa d

to the Families

of Provisional

Cavalry Men

when embodied

or leaving Home

to be trained.

kept by, and then actually charged upon him or her, then such Person shall be exempted from any Charge or

A/leflrnent on Account of such additional Mare or Gelding to any Rate or Duty imposed by any

Acts nowin force, either for granting to his Majesty any Duty on Horses, or to the additional Duties

eflment on Account of such additional Mare or Gelding to any Rate or Duty imposed by any A& or

1 f a Person has

kept an addi-

tional Horse for

Military Ser-

vice, he shall be

exempted from

Duty lor him.

granted to his Majesty by an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War ; and such Person shall

be liable to be charged to the said Duties in respect of the Horses, Mares, or Geldings kept by him or her,

exclusive of the Mare or Gelding so provided for the said Service.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where the Provisional Cavalry shall be embodied,

alltheDuties granted by the Acts before-mentioned, in respe& of the Mares or Geldings provided for that

Service, fhatt cease from the Day of Payment next after the Date of the Order for embodying the fame; and

every such Exemption shall continue in force during the Time of the Cavalry being embodied.

the Day of Payment next

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for executing the said several Acts

shall cause the Assessments inrespecl of any Mares or Geldings provided for the said Service, to be rectified

according to the Directions of this A&.

XXV III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have found,

or shall hereafter find a Substitute in the said Provisional Cavalry at any Time, with the Consent of two

Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, a&ingfor the Subdivision in

or for which he shall have so found such Substitute, to change such Substitute, and procure another Person to

be enrolled in lieu of such Substitute, and thereupon the Person previously enrolled as a Substitute shall be

discharged from the same; and every Person so enrolled in lieu of the Person discharged as aforesaid shall be

duly cloathed and accoutred, and serve in the said Provisional Cavalry, in like Manner as the former Substitute

would otherwise have been cloathed and accoutred, and have l’erved in the fame.

The Duties for

Horses provided

for the Provi-

fional Cavalry

shall ccafe from

after embodying.

A He Aments to

be redlifted.

Substitutes may

be changed.

PUBLIC

