A.D. 1797.

tricesimo

C. 70, 71.

557

this Act containedI shall be construed to extend, to prevent any Persons guilty of any Offence against this

u* u t r 0 - 1 ?.°* tr’e<^ ^or. l^e ^ame as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the fame as

High I rea*#n, or Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as if this A & had not been made.

And be it further enacted,by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in

force until uie Expiration of one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no

longer.

5 CAP. LXXI.

An Act for more effectually restraining Intercourse with the Crews of certain of His

Majesty’s Ships now in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and for the more effectual

Suppression of such Mutiny and Rebellion.—[6th June 1797.]

€ WHEREAS the Crews certain of his Majesty’s Ships, notwithstanding the repeated Marks of his

€ y y Majesty’s gracious Favour and Condescension towards them, have persisted, and do still persist, in

‘ a most dangerous and criminal Mutiny, and in the Commission of divers Acts of the most heinous and

‘ treasonable Nature, against the Crown and Dignity of our Sovereign Lord the King, and to the manifest

« Danger of the Safety of this Realm, engaged in War against a Foreign Enemy : And whereas it is necessary

4 that immediate iVoviiion should be made for the Suppression and Pumftiment of Offences of so high and

c dangerous a Nature, and for deterring all others from being guilty of similar Crimes in future:’ Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, T hat it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral, or any three or more of them, being thereto authorized by Order of his

Majesty in Council, to declare the Crew of any of his Majesty’s Ships who have been guilty of Acts of

Mutiny and Rebellion, and who still persist therein, and also the Crew of any other of his Majesty’s Ships

who shall be guilty of any of the like Offences, to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, and by such De-

claration to warn all his Majesty’s faithful Subjects to abstain from all Communication or Intercourse with

the Crews of the said Ships ; and such Declaration shall forthwith be published in the London Gazette, and

shall also (as soon as the fame can conveniently be done) be proclaimed in his Majesty’s Dock Yards. ’

jests to abstain from Intercourse with the Crew. Such Declaration to be published in

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Date of such Publication in the London Gazette, it shall

not be lawful for any of his Majesty’s liege Subjects, or others residing or being within this Realm, to have

any Communication or Intercourse, whether personally or by Letter, Mellage, or otherwise, with the Crew

of any Ship so declared to be in a State of Mutiny and Rebellion, or with any Persons or Person being Part

of such Crew, or with any Person who shall remain on Board the said Ship, after the Day on which such De-

claration shall have been so publiftied in the London Gazette as aforesaid, or in any Manner to supply, aid,

comfort, or aifift the said Crew, or any Persons or Person being Part thereof, or any Person so remaining on

Board the said Ship.

III. And be it enacted, That any Person who, after the Date of such Publication as aforesaid, shall wil-

fully and advisedly have any such Communication or Intercourse with such Crew, or with any Persons or

Person being Part thereof, or with any Person so remaining on Board any such Ship as aforesaid, or in any

Manner supply, aid, comfort, or aftift such Crew, or any Persons or Person being Part thereof, or any Per-

fons or Person so remaining on Board the said Ship, shall, on Conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of Fe-

lony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Date of such Publication as aforesaid, all Wages

and other Allowances payable to the said Crew, or any of them, shall cease and determine, and be no longer

payable, and they shall respectively from thenceforth forfeit and lole all Wages and other Allowances, and all

Shares of Prizes then due to them respectively, and all Benefits or Advantages to which they might other-

wife be entitled from Greenwich Hospital or the Chest at Chatham, and all other Btnefits and Advantages

whatsoever, to which they might be otherwise entitled in consequence of their having served as Seamen or

Marines on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships; and that all Persons voluntarily remaining on Board any of

^ I / ? J ho a! fv 1 frr» ry f fuoK I f 11 ka o A t . A sv.^ I* —_ I

High Treason,

or Milprison of

High Treason,

&c.

Continuance of

Act.

The Admiralty,

by Order of the

King in Coun -

cil, may declare

the Crew of any

Ship to be in a

State of Mutiny

and Rebellion,

and thereby

warn all Sub-

the Gazette, Sec.

After such Pub-

lication, no

Person to com-

municate with

the Crew, or

aftift them.

Felons by virtue of an AC.t, made in the cieventh i car or King ivuiiar

more effiftual Supprejion of Piracy, or any other Act, ought to suffer.

. * tien to be adjudged gui

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to such Communication or

Intercourse as may be carried on with the said Crews, or any Persons remaining on Board the said Ships as

aforesaid, by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral,

or any three or more of them, or by their Order or Authority, or by the Order or Authority of such Persons

or Pirfon as may be authorized by them to giant permission or to give Directions in that Behalf.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (lvdl be lawful lor the Lord Hig.i Admira!yor

Commissioneis for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, ur any three or more of them, in such Man-

IW S* & ner

Persons com-

municating

with such Crew,

or a/filling

them, to be

guilty of Felony

Without Clergy.

From such Pub.

licat on the

Crew shall for.

feit all Wages,

Allowances,

l’r.zc Money,

&c.;

and all Persons

voluntarily re-

maining on

Board after

Knowledge of

Deciara-

adjudged guilty of Piracy and Felony, as under Stat. 11 and iz W. 3. c. 7.

Act not to ex-

tend to Com-

munications

with the Ad-

miralty.

The Admiialty,

as autiioi ized by

tus Majesty,

