464

Order* of

Sheriffs &c to

be Anal.

Magistrates,

witlun a limited

Time, to take

MeaCures for

levying Men,

and may levy

Money to pay

Bounties.

If the Comple-

ment of Men is

not raised with-

in a limited

Time, the Ma-

gistrates to assess

thp Heiitorsand

Inhabitants for

the Deficiency.

Magistrates

neglecting to

make Assess-

ments for Defi-

ciencies to be

personally liable.

Treasury to

cause Lifts to be

prepared of the

Number of in-

liabited Houses

within the Li-

mits of Cities,

Arc. alfclfcd to

the Duties on

Houses, Sec. and

to be forwarded

to the Chief

Magistrates,who

shall apportion

the Sums to be

kjvied.

Where the Lift

Utah appear in-

applicable, the

Magistrates or

Justices may

apportion die

Levies as to

them shall seem

expedient.

C. 5. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796*

Stewart Depute by the Regulating Officer, the Collector of the Land Tax, or any Heritor of the

Parish. - '

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Orders or Decrees of the Sheriffs or Stewarts Depute, and of

the Justices of the Peace, in any of the Cafes before-mentioned, and in all Proceedings held under this

Ad, shall be final and conclusive as to all Parties, and shall not be removeable by Bill of Suspension*

Advocation, or any other Form or Process of Law, into any superior or other Court whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates of the several Cities* Royal Burghs, Towns*

and Places, in this Act mentioned, except those to the Northward of Invtrnefi, shall, within twenty

Days after the passing of this Act, and the Magistrates of the several Cities, Burghs, Towns, and other

Places, in this Act mentioned, situated North of Invernefsy shall, within forty Days after passing of the

fame, or sooner if it can be done, take such Measures as shall seem to them most expedient for levying the

Number of able-bodied Men, according- to the Proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said Cities*

Royal Burghs, Towns, and other Places; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorized to levy fron*

the Heritors, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of such Cities, Burgh9, Towns, and other Places, a Sum not

exceeding twenty-five Pounds per Man, for paying the Bounties they may fee proper to give to such Men*

as are actually levied, not exceeding the Numbers allotted for such City, Burgh, Town, or other Places*

by this Act, in such Manner, and by the Proportions as is hereinafter directed ; and the Men so levied shall

be delivered over by the said Magistrates to the Regulating Officer appointed to act for that Place in Manner

aforesaid. .

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns*

or other Places, shall not have raised its full Complement of Men accepted of by the Regulating Officer*

within thirty Days after they are herein-before directed to take Measures for that End, then the said Magi-

strates shall ftent and assess the Heritors and Inhabitants in a. Sum equal to twenty-five Pounds for each

Man deficient, and shall levy the Sum so assessed in the Manner, and according to the Proportions herein-

after directed ; and the said Sum shall be paid to the Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town,

or where there is no Collector of the Cess for such City, Burgh, or Town, then to the Collector of the Cess

for the Shire or Stewartry within which such City, Burgh, Town, or other Place, is situated, to answer

and pay the Bounty Money given to Men levied to supply the Deficiency, until the whole Number allotted

for such City, Burgh, Town, or Place, shall be completed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any of the said Cities, Burghs, Towns, or other

Places, shall neglect or refuse to assess and ftent the Heritors and Inhabitants thereof, for the Sums of Money

for which such City, Burgh, Town, or Place, may be liable in case of Deficiency as aforesaid, or to levy,

apply, and pay over the fame in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Magistrates of such City*

Burgh, Town, or Place, making Default, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the Sum deficient*

to be recovered by summary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute, at the Instance of the Procurator Fifcal of the

Sheriff' Court, within the Jurisdiction whereof such City, Burgh, Town, or Piace, making Default, is

situated ; and the Sums so recovered shall be paid over and applicable in the fame Way that the Sums are by

this Act directed to be applied in the Cafe of the Magistrates levying the fame from the Heritors and

Inhabitants.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury, for the Time being, shall cause to be prepared true Lifts of the Number of all the inhabited

Houses within the Limits of any of the Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, and Places, particularly

above specified, which are assessed and pay to the Duties on inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses,

Windows, or Lights, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and shall forthwith

cause the fame to be forwarded by the respective Surveyors or other proper Officers of the said Duties,

to the Chief Magistrate of each of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, or other Places

respectively; and where there are no such Magistrate or Magistrates, to the Justifes of Peace, Clerk

of the County or Stewartry, within which such Town, Village, or Place, is respectively situated;. and the

Magistrates of the said Cities, Royal Burghs, Towns, Parishes, and other Places, and the Justices of the

Peace of the County or Stewartry, within which such Towns, Villages, or Places above described, are

respectively situated, duly and regularly assembled, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Lifts, as con-

veniently may be, respectively proceed to apportion among the Inhabitants of the said Cities, Royal

Burghs, T owns, Parishes, and Places, as nearly and equally as may be, the Sums of Money appointed

to be levied by this Act either for Bounties to Men raised in pursuance of this Act, or for Fines or Penalties

incurred for Default of raising the Proportion of Men respectively above specified; and the said Magistrates

assembled as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorized and required to divide and apportion the said

Bounties, Fines, or Penalties respectively, as near as may be, in such Proportions as the Number of

inhabited Houses assessed to and paying the said Duties in each City, Royal Burgh, Town, Parish, or

Place, shall bear to each other: Provided always, that where, from the inconsiderable Number of inhabited

Houses assessed as aforesaid, contained in any Royal Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, the said Lift shall

appear to the Magistrates of the said Burgh, Town, Village, or Place, or to the Justices of the Peace, as

the Cafe may be, within which the fame are respectively situated, either totally inapplicable, or not afford-

ing an equal and impartial Rule for apportioning among the Inhabitants of the fame, the said Bounties,

Fines, or Penalties, it shall be lawful for the said Magistrates and Justices respectively, and they are hereby

commanded and required to apportion the said Bounties, Fines, or Penalties, among the Inhabitants of the

>4 fame.

