A

fimo sept

45

such Offer of Payment has been mide as aforesaid, so that the Perfun or Persons who might have bren

arieded and held to Special Bail upon such . rocefs, if this Awt haJ not been made, cannot, reason of

such Coffer and oi the Provisions in this A:1 contained, oe so airelted and h« IJ to Special Bail, it shall be law-

ful for the Court out of whiph fuen I'roctls thall ifl'ue, or for any Judge of such Court, in a summary Wav,

to order the Defendant or Defendants in the Action in which such t r.<eels thall issue, and who ought have

been so held to Special Bail as aforesaid it this Act had not been mace, to cause Notes of the said Governor

and Company, exprtlled to be payable on Demand, to the Amouni of the Sum of Money.for which such

Person or Persons might have been lo held to Special Bail if this Act had mot been made, to be depohted in

such Manner as such Court or such Judge ihali direct, to answer the Demand of the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* in

such A&ionj. and if such Depofu shall not be made within the l ime limited by such Order after such

Notice thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon Affidavit duly made and

filed that such Deposit has not been made according to such (Jrdci, to arrest, such Defendant or Defendants,

and hold him, her, or them to Special Bail, in such and the lame Manner as if this Act had not been*

made.

X. And be it further enaef d by the Auihprity aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of the Restriction

on Payments by the said Governor and Company in Calli, by this Act imposed, all Sums of Money which

noware or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, tha 1 be accepted by the Collectors,

Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue, authorized to receive the lame, in Notes of the said Governor

and Company, expiefftd to be payable on Demand, it ofteied tu be lo paid (jraftional Pans of the Sum of

twenty Shillings on y excepted).

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fur the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of tins ACt, to ifl’ue Calli. out of any Cash whii h shall have

come into the Hands of the said Governor and Company subsequent to the twenty-sixth Day . f February

last, and which shall be at their Difputai, in Payment of any D< bt or Demand wiwsoever, or of.any Part

or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, upon their giving five Days Notice in Writing to the

Speaker of the House of Commons of their Intention so to do, any 1 hu g in this Act to the contrary thereof

inanywife notwithstanding; which Nonce the Speaker of the House of Commons is hereby required tocause

fortnwith to be inserted in the London Gazette, and a Copy thereof to be affixed on the Royal Exchange in

London.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force and have

Continuance, fa far as the fame redrains the said Governor and Company from iliuing Calli in Payments,

until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and mnety-leven. a*} and by c.yi. till

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or

Thing herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any Manner whatsoever, during the present

Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL VI.

An Act for making certain Annuities, created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of

Ireland, transferable, and (he Div deads therro » payable, at the Bank of England -9

and for the better Security of the Proprietor^ of such Annuities, and of the Governor

and Company oi the Bank of England.

May

WHEREAS by/ an Act of Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, made and passed in the thirty-

feveruh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ml for securing the Payment of the An-

nuities, and of the Inter ejI upon the Principal Sums therein provided* for and towards the Dfcharge of such

Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed j and/or enabling the Officers of his Mujcjly's F* eafury

to receive certain Sumsfor a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned j and for granting to his Majesty a

certain Sum of Money out of the Confabulated Fund; and for applying a certain* Sum of Money therein men-

tioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand /even hundred and nituty seven, and for other Pwfojcs, reciting

(among other T hings) that by a Resolution of the House of Commons of Ireland, of the ughnenth Day

of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, it was rdolved. That whatever Sum or Sums of

Money should be advanced or paid into his Majesty's Treasury in the Kingdom of Irelana, not exceeding

in the Whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be applied by his Excellency the Lord Lieu-

tenant, to defray such extraordinary Expences as the then present Circumstances rendered necessary, and

which had not been provided for by Parliament f »r the Service of the then current Year, should be made

good, such Sum to be raised by issuing Debentures or Stock of one hundred Pounds, bearing an interest

not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and not redeemable lor fifteen Years, to the Amount of

five hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Annuities for iacn one hundred PounJs as should be

agreed on by his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, not exceeding the lowed Rate which should be offered-

by any Person or Persons proposing to pay and advance such Sums, such Annuity to continue for fifteen

Years, or by Sale of Annuities of one hundred Pounds each, not exceeding in the W hole the Sum of sixty

thousand Pounds per Annum, for fifteen Years or for one Life, to the Pen. n or Persons offering the great--

cit Number of Years’ Purchase for such Annuity,or partly by iliuing such Stock or Debentures, and partly

533

reason of this

A(X 1 c held to

Special Hall, the

Ccoi it mayord.r

him to d posit

Bar.k Not s to

answer t e De-

nial d and if

r o done, lie

m.iy eat relied^

a:> held ro

Special Bad.

Colle£ors of the

Public Revenue

to accept it in

Bank-Notes.

The Bank may

iflu. Calli out

of any come in-

to their Hands

f ncc feb. 26*

J797, on pre-

v oui Notice

the Speaker of

the House of

Commons.

[&rc 91 10/J

Continuance of

A a [till J une 1

next Hefei;, 65V.J

Aa may be re-

pealed or alter-

thh» Session.

[Seegc/l, c, 91. J

Aa of the Par-

liament of Ire-

land, 37 Geo. 3.

recited.

