C. 92.

388

Adjutants, Arc.

to be subject to

the Mutiny

Lawj.

Colonel may

dirett the hold-

ing Courts

MaitiaJ when

the Regiment is

mbodied, for

Trial of Serjeant Majors, Arc. for previous Offences.

tricesimo sexto G

A.D. 1796.

J t

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum

Major, Drummer, and Fifer, of the said Militia, shall be at all Times subjeiSI to any Act which shall be in

force for puniffling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and

to the Articles of War, and shall be under Command of the Colonel of the Regiment to which he,belongs;

and it shall be lawful for the Colonel to direct the holding of Courts Martial, whenever such Regiment shall

be embodied or called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant,

Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment, for any Offence committed during the l ime

such Regiment was not embodied or so called out, but no Punishment shall extend to the Lois of Life or

Limb.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the said Militia may, by Sentence

of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Soldier of the said Mlitia, to serve as such

during any Time not exceeding fifteen Months, after which l ime, if not regularly re-appointed to the

Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, and Cloathing, belonging to the

said Militia, when noton Duty, or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the said CoramiU

sioners shall appoint; and that new Cloaths shall be provided for the Private Militia Men, at lead once in

every five Years, when not embodied for actual Service.

Non-comm! f-

fianed Officers

may be reduced

to Privates.

Armsj&c. to be

kept Where the

Commissioners

shall appoint.

Privates to be

cloathed every five Years when not embodied

Pay of the Mi

htia.

Men may be

pm under Stop-

pages.

Allowance in

lieu of Quar-

ters.

Serjeants, 8cc.

rot residing

within the pre-

pnscribed Li-

mits, not en-

titled to any

Allowance.

Commissioners

to appoint

Treasurers and

Clerks.

Account of

Trophy Tax to

be delivered an-

nually to the

Corporation be-

fore a new Rate

is made.

Security to be

-taken from

Treasurers and

Clerk6.

In case of In-

\afion, Ate. his -

Majesty .1 ay or-

der the Militia

to be embodied,

subjeil to the

Mutiny Laws.

9 * it J. W* k ", i j %» Wi \Lm tg f- ^ m %

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the said

Militia shall receive the same Pay as those of the other Militia Forces of this Kingdom, and no other; and

when assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, the Private Men shall receive one Shilling^'*

Day each Man; during which Time it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every

Company to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Sixpence per Day, for

the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and other Necessaries, and for defraying

the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man’s

Neglect: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer, shall account with each Militia

Man for such Stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for the Purposes

aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom

the fame belongs, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exeicife.

XXXIV. And, in older to prevent the Privileges of the said City from being infringed by the billeting

or quartering of Soldiers therein, be it further cnadied, That the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers,

Fifers, and Private Men, serving in the said Militia, shall, when embodied or called out for annual Exer-

cife, or when ordered out by the said Commissioners, or by the Lord Mayor for tf)e l ime being, or other

Magistrates, as herein-after directed, or in any Manner be in actual Service within the City of London or

Liberties thereof, be allowed, in lieu of-Quarters, at the Rate of one Shilling and nine Pence per Week each

Man, to provide Lodging, in Addition to their Pay: Provided always, that if it shall appear that any or

either of the said Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, or Fifers, have not actually and bona fide resided within

the said City, or within one Mile thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act, then and in such Cafe

such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, shall not be entitled to the said Allowance, or to any Part

thereof. /

XXXV. And for the better and more speedy Execution of the Premises, be it further eoadled, That the

said Commissioners shall be and are hereby required to appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers*

Clerk or Clerks, for receiving and paying such Monies as (ha'l be received or levied by virtue of

this Act, and of all which Receipts and Disbursements the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks*

are once in every Year to give their Accounts in Writing, and upon Oath, to the said Commissioners,

which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer; and that a Duplicate

of the said Account, so far as the fame relates to the Receipts and Disbursements of the Trophy Tax by the

said Commissioners, be annually certified on Oath, and delivered by the said Clerk or Treasurer to the

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, previous to the

making of any new Rate or A fie Ament erf the Trophy Tax. .: . ..ux; .!' - >;

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, "That the said Commissioners shall, and they are

hereby required to take such Security from the 'Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, to be appointed

by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as shall be fauslattory to the said

Commissioners. < . rsHflj

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger

thereof, and mail Cafes of Rebellion or Insurrediion, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, (ffie Occasion being

first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified

by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being,) to order and direct the said Com-

missioners with all convenient Speed to draw out and embody the la d Militia, or such Part as h s Majesty

(h 11 in his Wisdom judge necessary, and in fuen Manner as shall be bell adapted to the Circumstances of

the Danger; and the Officers, Non-commissi >ned Officers, Drummers, bifers, and Private Men of the

said Uilitia shall. from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall

61 and liable to all the Provisions contained in any Act of

Parliament

by his Majesty’s Orders be difcmbouled, be fuoje

4k»

