4

Home Con-

fumption,

Duty free.

His Majesty in

Council may

prohibit or per-

mit the Im-

portation of

such Articles

as may be

thought expe-

dient.

Copies of Orders

made in Council

to be laid before

Parliament.

Act may be al-

tered or repeal-

this Session.

Men to serve in

the Navy shall

be levied in

England, in the

Proportions fol

lpwin^, viz.

C. 5. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto G e o r g i i III. A.D. *795‘

this Act, to deliver any such Goods to the Importers or Proprietors thereof for Home Consumption, with-

out Payment of any Duty whatever, on a regular Entry being first made for the fame, with the proper

Officers of the Customs; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. -

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding

any Thing contained in this, or in any other Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, during the Continuance of this Act, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy

Council, from Time to Time to prohibit, or from Time to Time to permit, the Importation of any Beans

called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancics, and all other Sorts of Pulse ; and of Bulls, Cows,

Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Swine, Beef, Boric, Veal, Mutton, Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter,

Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-powder. Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs,

Game, and Sour-crout, for such 'Lime or Times, and in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and

Regulations, as may be thought expedient and proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, T hat Copies of such Orders as shall be made by his Majesty in Council,

for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act, if made when Parliament is fitting, shall be laid before both

Houses of Parliament within three Days after the fame shall have been issued; and if made when Parlia-

ment is not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this present Act, and

every or any Thing therein contained, in this present Session of Parliament.

# % { f "V

CAP. V.

•

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Courtties in , for

the Service of his Majesty’s Navy.—[5th March 1795.]

‘ \I WHEREAS it is expedient for the public Service, at the present Conjundure, that the most effectual

c W Measures should be adopted, for providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty’s

‘ Navy:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That there

shall be levied, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town

of Berwick upon Tweedy in the several Counties, Ridings and Divisions, herein-after mentioned, such able-

bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain, at such Times, and in such Manner, as is

herein directed; and that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; (that is

to say,) 1 . . . . . ;

For the County of Bedford, sixty-seven.

For the County of Berks, one hundred and eight.

For the County of Bucks, one hundred and seventeen.

For the County of Cambridge, one hundred and twenty-six.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, two hundred and forty-six.

For the County of Cornwall, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the County of Cumberland, one hundred and eighty-four.

For the County of Derby, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, three hundred and ninety-

l||rg£a ,4 * * it i____ If §•

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, one hundred and forty-two.

For the County of Durham, one hundred and seventy-three.

For the County of Essex, two hundred and forty-four.

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and

County of the City of Bristol, two hundred and one.

For the County of Hereford', one hundred and two.

F >r the County of Hertford, one hundred and fourteen.

For the County of Huntingdon, forty-five.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and such of the Cinque

Ports as are situate within the said County of Kent, four hundred and forty.

For the County of Lancaster, five hundred and eighty-nine.

• For the County of Leicester, one hundred and eighty-three.

For the Divilion of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoh9

one hundred and ninety-one; for the Divilion of Kefteven, in the said County of Lincoln, ninety-three ;

and for the Division of Holland, in the said County of Lincoln, fifty-eight.

For the City and County of the City of London, one hundred and ninety-eight.

For the County of Middlesex, inclusive of the Division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the

Liberty of the Tower, four hundred and fifty-one.

For the County ol Monmouth, fifty-eight.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Nonvich, two hundred and sixty.

For the County of Northampton, one hundred and thirty-seven. ,

