7

8<$.

G* 54-»

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III

A».D. 1798.

^ 11 01^6 Geo.

3. c. 123.

for granting

additional

Duties on Fo-

reign Wines,

recited.

and Drawbacks

allowed by it, to

be paid by the

Officers of Ex-

cile, where they

drawbacks to

be allowed, ac-

cording to

%6Ceo. 3. c.59.

Drawback not

to be allowed,

unless Proof be

made of Pay-

ment of Duty.

35 Cco. 3.

c. 113. recited.

.pfofen^Majesty, or by the said Act of the thirty-first' Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or whoj

after the passing of this Act, shall utter, vend, or fell, any Hide or Skin, or Piece -of any Hide or Skin,

with such counterfeit Mark or I mpression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impreftkm to be counterfeited,

then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted indue Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon,

and shall suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XL 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to

4 his Majrfiy additional Duties on Foreign IVinesand British Sweets* and on Foreign Wines fold. by Auction, it

is, amongst other Things, enacted, that, on the Exportation of any Foreign Wine, for or in respect

4 w hereof the Duties by the said Act imposed shall have, been duly raid, there shall be allowed and paid, by the

4 proper Oificer or Officers of the Culloms to the Exporter or Exporters, a Drawback of the said Duties;

4 And whereas gieat Inconvenience will arise by such Mode of paying the Drawbacks, where the Officers

4 of Excite have received the Duty be it therefore enacted, That the Drawback allowed by the said re-

cited Act on the Exportation of Wine, shall be paid by the proper Officer or Officers of the Excise, in all

Cafes where the Duty to be drawn back has,been, or may hereafter be, received by the Officers of that Re-

venue j any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. rAnd be it further enacted, That all and every such Drawbacks of the said Duties of Excise shall be

paid and allowed upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and under and subject, and according to the Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or

established, in and by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof

to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and the said Rules, Regulations, Rtftric-

tiens, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, ffa far as the lame can or may be foapplied,) shall be, and

the fame respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in Execution, for the Purpose

■of obtaining the said Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been

expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Adtcon-

tained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons whatever to any

such Drawback, unless it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Commilfiohers of Excise, that the Duties

of Excise to be drawn back have been actually paid, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the

Judgment of them the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them in England and Scotland respect-

lvely, for the Time being. i vt\> *1 1 u>:l\r :r

XIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty.-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in*

4 tituled, An Act for the more cjfeilual Prevention of Jelling Ale and other Liquors, by Persons not duly license1

4 it wasenadted, that no Person should fell Ale or Beer, by Retail, in his, her, or their House, in that Part

4 Great Britain called England* without being duly licensed so to do, under a certain Penalty therein pro-

4 vided: And whereas it is expedient to exempt Persons from the said Penalty, for or in respect of any such

4 Sale of Beer or Ale, as is hereinafter mentioned p be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

no Person shall be liable to the said Penalty for or by reason of his or their felling or disposing of Beer or Ale,

in Calks, containing not less than five Gallons* or in Bottles, not less than two dozen reputed Quart Bottles,

not to be drank in his, her, or their House, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, Orchard, or other Place j any Thing

in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. ' in i

Penalty in re-

cited Act not to

extend to Beer

or Ale fold in

Calks contain-

ing not less than

five Gallons, or in Bottles not less than two dozen Quarts

Persons taking ,

false Oaths to be

liable to the Pc

nalties for Per-

y*ry

Petudty for af-

saul ing and ob-

llru6hng Offi-

cers of the Ux-

cife, Sec. 2col.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties under

this Act, or

25 Geo 3. c. 49.

(&e § I.)

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be

convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cafes in which an Oath is by this Act directed or re-

quired to be taken, shall (unless where otherwise expressly directed by this Act) be liable to the Pains and

Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury. ! A

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall assault, refill, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due Exe-

cution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or

Officers, or shall, by Force or Violence, rescue,or cause to be refeued, any Seizure made by such Officer

or Officers, under or by virtue of this Act, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or after such Seizure, or

whilst any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to make any Seizure under or by virtue of this Act,

all and every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds. J T:

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, or by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall

be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that (except where otherwise expressly directed by this Act)

one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

j r CAP.

