6x1

A.D. 1797* Anno tricefmiofeptimo Georgii III. C. 103.

shall be formed into a Battalion with one Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer; and in

each Regiment or Battalion of Militia there (lull be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each

Company : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every Battalion, confuting of five Companies

or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which two Lieutenants shall

be appointed instead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign ; and it shall be lawful for every Regiment,

confiding of eight Companies or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers and one Company of Light

Infantry ; to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed indead of one Lieutenant and

one Ensign. '

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, where the

Number of Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion, according to the Intent

and Meaning of this Act, «the Militia of such Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, shall be formed

into Independent Companies, each Company to consist of eighty private Men at the mod, and sixty

private Men at the lead, with one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, to each Company ; and

that his Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any Number of such Independent Com-

panies, and form a Battalion or Battalions, or may incorporate them with any other Regiment or Battalion

of Militia, provided the Number of Companies in any such Regiment or Battalion be not thereby made to

exceed the Number of Companies of which a Regiment or Battalion of Militia is hereinbefore directed to

confid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry,

City, or Place, to act as Colonel or commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com-

pany of Militia for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for and durwig such Time as there shall not be

any Colonel or Commanding Officer appointed to such Regiment, Battalion* or Independent Company ;

but no such Lieutenant shall at any one Time act as Colonel or Commanding Officer to more than one

Body of Militia, whether Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company ; and where the Lieutenant of any

County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall take the Command of any Body of Militia, not being by this Act

deemed a Regiment, he shall be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, except when the said Company shall he

formed into Battalion as aforesaid, but shall receive no greater Pay than the proper Commanding Officer of

such Body would be entitled to.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regi-

ment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the Powers by tnis Adl

given to such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be veiled in, and lawfully may be exercised by,

the next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be residing

within Great Britain, until such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be returned to Great Britain,

and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to

which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, and the Clerk of the Peace is hereby

required forthwith, upon Receipt of such Notification, to transmit an Account thereof to the Officer who

shall have been next in Command as aforesaid ; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, done by such Officer

next in Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers given by this Adl to Colonels and other Command-

ing Officers, shall be good and valid in the Law equally as if they had been done by the Colonel or Com-

manding Officer himself. . # ' u

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia in-

corporated as aforesaid, shall appoint the Adjutant, who shall have served, or shall at the l ime of such

Appointment actually serve, in some of his'Majesty’s other Forces, and who, during his Service in the

said Militia, shall preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that

Service.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may and shall appoint,

according to the Proportion of one Serjeant to twenty private Men, two or more proper Persons to be Ser-

jeants to every Company in the said Militia, out of and from his Majesty’s other Forces, such Persons hav-

ing served in the said Forces for the Space of three Years next preceding their Appointment to be Serjeants

as aforesaid, or may appoint such other Persons to be Serjeants as aforesaid, as have formerly served (or the

Space of three Years in his Majesty’s said Forces ; and the Service in the Militia of such Persons so ap-

pointed out of his Majesty’s said Forces shall entitle them to the Benefit of CheJ/ea Hospital, in the fame

Manner as if they had continued to serve in the said Forces; and every Person appointed to be a Serjeant

as aforesaid, out of the Pensioners on the Establishment of Cheffea Hospital, shall be entitled to be put again

upon the said Establishment, after he shall he discharged from the Service of the Militia, provided he brings

a Certificate of his good Behaviour, under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment

or Eattalion »*v which he shall have served as aforesaid. ' . ., . '\

XLV. Ai.u be it further enacted, That the Captain of every Company of Militia may and shall appoint

two Persons to be Drummers to his Company, and may and shall appoint Corporals out of the private Men

of his Company, in the Proportion of one Corporal to twenty private Men, and may displace such Drum-

mers and Corporals respectively for Misbehaviour, and appoint others in their Room, from Time to Time,

as he shall fee Occasion, and may and shall appoint, with the Approbation of his Majesty’s Lieutenant,

Serjeants out of the private Men of his Company, to fill up the Vacancies of Serjeants as may happen

Ujcreinj and every such Appointment shall be deemed an atlual Discharge of the Person so appointed from

+K z serving

and where not*

into Independ

tnt Companies f

which his Ma-

jtfty may (orm

into a B.ittahon,

or incorporate

them with other

Regiments.

County Lieute--

iiants may a#

as Commanding

Officers of Re-

giments, &c.

The fetiior Of-

ficer to be in.

verted with the

Powers of the

Colonel during

his Absence

from Great Bri-

tain.

Adjutants to be

appointed, who

have ftrved, or

shall serve,in the

Army, and who

shall preserve

their Rank.

His Majtffymay

appoint Ser-

jeants from the

Army orChclira

Hospital.

The Captain

may appoint

Drummers and

Corpirais to hie

Company, and,

with thcAppio-

bation of the

County Lieute-

nant, may til up

