The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 Gw. III.

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in Brig flock and Stanion, in the County of

Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough,

in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and

aUb for setting out and allotting Lands in lieu of, and

Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington

Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that

Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County,

which is called The Hayc, or I Talk, of Farming Woods,

and for extinguifhin* such Common Rights.

59. An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Rapcr.

60. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel

Eger ton Brydges Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the

County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in Trustees, to

fell or exchange the farpe, and for laying out the Money

to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other

Freehold Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

61. An Act for investing certain Estates of William Tovcy

the E'der, and William Tovey the younger, situate in the

County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Alad-

dock, and their Heirs, in Trull, to fell, for the Purposes

therein mentioned, such Estates having been heretofore

conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and

their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the

said John Finch having become Bankrupt and absconded

from this Kingdom before Sale thereof.

62. An Act for amending an Adb, passed in the tenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, sin Ail to

enable the Trustees of the Estates devijed by William

Huime Esquire, to grant BuiUling Leases thereof, and to

increase the Number of Exhibitioners to Brazen i\ofe Col-

lege, in Oxford, founded by the said Tcftator, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned; and to enable the Trustees to

convey in Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long

Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Re-

newal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly

Rents, the said Trust Estates; and to enable the Truf-

tees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allow-

alice to the exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates

of John A/addIf on Esquire, deceased, in I ruftees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction

of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates,

to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Wootton and

Barejhill, in the Parish of Cumner, in the County of Berks.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Lands, in the Pa-

rish of Ojbcumby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Plot

of Half Years Meadow Land, called Mick ling Meadow,

in the Parishes of Newton and Scot Willoughby, or one of

them, in the said County.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Walle Grounds, in the Lordship of Scarths,

in the County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole

Year Lands, Backs, Common Fields,^ Half Year or

Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within

the Parish of Sedge ford, in the County of Norfolk.

tl. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fiek P iflurcs. Meadows, Wades, and all other Open

and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of

Hagwor ngham, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and

ws, Common Stinted Pasture, and Waste Lands,

within the Manor and Lordship of Sivarby, in the County

of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open andCom-

mon Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the

County of Bedford.

' 71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the

County of Middlesex.

I 72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Abbotts Bromley, other wise Pagets Bromley, in the

County of Stafford.

I 73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

I mon Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington and

Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County

I of JVarwick, and for taking down and rebuilding the

Church of the said Parish.

m

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Ma-

nor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bijbrooke, in

the County of Rutland; and for dividing a certain Com-

mon, called Liddington Common, adjoining or lying near

to the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liber-

ties to which the fame belongs; and for extinguishing cer-

tain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields, and other

Commonable Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the

said County*

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

I within the Parishes of North Leverton and Hablcjlhorpe

otherwise Apeflhorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Paiifh ot South Leverton, in the County of

Nottinghafn.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors,

Commons, and Waste Lands, w'ithin the Parish of Craw-

ley otherwise Hu [bo rue Crawley, in the County of Bedford.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in

Aftfield, in the County of Nottingham.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole

Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack

Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and

W'afle Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockham, in

the County of Norfolk.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Com-

mons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard

Cajlli, in the Parish of Gairford, and County of Durham,

called Barnard Castle Afoor, The Little Moor, Glenton

Green, and The Baiting Steads.

82. An Act for effcdtuating an Agreement entered into be-

tween Charles Chaplin Esquire, and the Mailer of the

Hospital of Saint Atichael the Archangel, at Well, in the

County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of /^//afore-

said, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

taments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Sr,ape,

within the same, subject to certain Trulls, Rights, or

Interests, in f avour of the said Hospital, and to an An-

nual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well in lieu of

other Lands and Tithes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and

Majharn, in the said County.

83. An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant

a Lcalc, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish

of

