A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

Georgii III.

C. 8 9.

873

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of

Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and

Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and

Bounties thereon.—[28th "June 1798.]

4 IX 7 HEREAS certain Duties of Excise are now payable f )r or in respect of Foreign Salt imported

Into Great Britain, and for or in respect of Salt brought from Scotland into England, and for or in

4 respect of Salt and Rock Salt made at any Salt Works, orraised or taken out of any Pit or Pits in Great

4 Britain, and certain Duties 3re also payable for or in respect of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made in

4 Great Britain, and a certain Duty cf Customs is likewise payable for or in respect of Rock Salt exported

4 from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas certain Drawbacks, Discounts, Allowances,

and Bounties, arc now payable out of the said Duties on Sait: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the

4 said Duties, Drawbacks, Discounts, Allowances, and Bounties, and to impose other Duties, and grant

‘ other'Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereofbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent.of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of

October one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, all and singular the said Duties, Drawbacks, Dif-

counts, Allowances, and Bounties, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, shall cease and

determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allow-

ing, or paying of any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on

the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of Ofiober one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, in lieu and in (lead of the said Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised,

levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty,[his Heirs and Successors, the several Sums of Money and Duties

of Excise hereinafter respectively mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Bushel of Salt, not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be imported

into Great Britain, thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less

Quantity:

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt’ that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of - r, u

any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in England or Wales, ten Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less Saft made, &c.

Quantity: . , » in England or Wales, jo*.

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any and made in

Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, six Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less

Quantity:

For every Bushel of all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epfcm Salts, which shall be

made or produced at any Salt Work in Great Britain, ten Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or

From 0&. i®,

1798, the Du-

ties on Salt, and

the Drawback^

Allowances,

and Bounties,

paid thereout,

repealed.

From Oft. ro,

1798, the Du-

ties following

to be paid:

For Foreign Salt

imported into

Great Britain, j3». 4d. per Bushel

Scor'and,6s 6d.

per Bushel:

For Glauber

Salts made in

less Quantity:

Creat Britain, ios. per Bushel:

For every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which shall be made of any Rock Salt, or from For Mineral Al.

any Brine or Sea Water, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less i^n, &c. made

Quantity: of Rock Sail, &c. 20s. per Ton:

For every Bushel of Rock Salt which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, one Penny; and so in For Rock Salt

proportion for any greater or less Quantity: -- ‘

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, ac-

companied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of six Shillings and Six-

pence hereby imposed for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt made at any Salt Work, or taken out of any

Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, three Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or

less Quantity. ( 4 \ r , , kV

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, the following Drawbacks and Bounties shall be made, allowed, and paid, out of

the Duties by this Act imposed; (that is to say,)

' backs and Bounties to be paid on Exportation.

For every Bushel of Salt which shall be made in England or Wales, (Rock Salt excepted,) for which all ForSaitfexce

the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported ROCk Salt*

from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback or Allowance of ten Shillings: nude in Eng-

' land or Wales, a Drawback of jos. per BusheJ 3

38 Geo. IIL 5U For

exported, id.

per Bushel:

For Salt or Reck

Salt imported

from Scotland

into England or

Wales, 3s. 6d.

per Buftiel.

From O&. 10,

1798, the fol-

lowing Draw-

