A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Geo rgii III.

C. 16.

Or not less than one hundred and sixty Pounds hut under one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Eighteenth Part of the fame :

Or not less than one hundred and sixty five Pounds but under one hundred and seventy Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Seventeenth Part of the fame :

Or not less than one hundred and seventy Pounds but under one hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to

a Sum not exceeding one Sixteenth Part of the fame : ;

( )r not less than one hundred and seventy-five Pounds but under one hundred and eighty Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Fifteenth Part of the fame :

Or not less than one hundred and eighty Pou-nds but under one hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Fourteenth Part of the fame:

Or not less than one hundred and eighty five Pounds but under one hundred and ninety Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Thirteenth Part of the fame :

Or not less than one hundred and ninety Pounds but under one hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to a

Sum not exceeding one Twelfth Part of the fame:

Or not less than one hundred and ninety-five Pounds but under two hundred Pounds, to a Sum not

exceeding one Eleventh Part of the fame :

Or to two hundred Pounds and upwards, to a Sum not exceeding one Tenth Part of the fame :

-And where the said annual Income shall appear to be not Itfs than two hundred Pounds, every such

Person shall be entitled to such an Abatement of the additional Duty now granted, as may be ne-

ceflary to reduce the fame, in each Cale respectively, to a Sum not exceeding one Tenth Part of the said

Income. '

V. And be it further enasSfed, That every Person not assessed within the Year ending on the fifth

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the said Duties payable at and

immediately before the passing of this A&, and who shall be assessed to any of the said Duties in any

subsequent Year during the Perm hereinafter mentioned, shall be charged with the like additional Rate or

Duty on the Amount of the Sums contained in such Affefiinent or Assessments, from the Commence-

ment o' the Year for which such Assessment or Assessments shall be made, subject nevertheless to the

like Abatement, as it such Person had been assessed to the said Duties within the Year ending on the said

fitth Day of April one thousand seven bundled and ninety-eight.

VI. And be it turiher enacted, T hat every Person who shall, by any Assessment or Assessments to be

made after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, be alfefied in respect of

the said Duties payable at and immediately before the passing of this Act, to a greater Amount than

the Amount contained in the prior Assessment, shall be charged with a further additional Rate or Duty,

in Proportion to the Sums contained in such latter Assessment or Assessments, from the Commence-

ment of the Year for which such latter Assessment or Assessments shall be made.

VII. And be it further enacted. That every Person whose Aflefirnent shall be increared by any Sur-

charge to be allowed, shall be charged, in respect of such increased Assessment, in the like Proportion

as if a«l the Articles in respect ot which such Surcharge may be allowed, had been included in the ori-

ginal Assessment. ,

Via. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That every Assessment to be made by virtue of this

Act, shall be made on the Amount contained in any such Assessment of the Duties now payable as afore-

said, exc lufne of any fractional Parts of Sums not amounting in the Whole to one Shiiling.

IX- And be it further enacted. That the several additional R;tes or Duties by this Act imposed, /hall

be levied and paid annually, during the Continuance of the Perm herein mentioned, to the full Amount

of the Sums contained in me hrA Assessment to be made thereof respectively, without any Alteration,

except in the Cales and in the Manner herein otherwise directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Amount of the Duties now payable by

any Person shall confilt of various Articles, on the respective Amounts whereof different Rates of Duty

are hertby impoled, separate Assessments shall be made according to each Rate of Duty, which Af-

iefiments shall be respectively made on the Aggregate Amount of the said Duties whereon the fame

Rate of Duty is imposed ; and that in every such Cafe, if the Duties of ten Pounds pir Centum and

ten Pounds per Centum, now payable on the Amount ol former Duties, shall have been calculated on

the Whole of the said to;mer Duties contained in any AfiefTment, it shall be lawful duly to apportion

the fame ; and the said respective Commissioners for executing this Adf shall cause the fame to be ap-

portioned according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties, whereon the fame Rates are impoled,

before any Assessment shall be made thereon by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, T hat every Innkeeper, and other Person licensed to fell Wine, Ale,

or other Liquors by retail, and every Person keeping any School, Academy, or Seminary for Learn-

ing, and uiually having their Scholars to board and lodge (to a Number not less than ten) in their re-

flective Dwelling Houses, shall be entitled to be exempted in the like Cafes, and the additional Rate or

Duty to be impoled on them respectively by this Act shall be ascertained in like Manner, and under

the like Rules and Regulations, as arc hereinbefore prescribed with respect to Persons assessed for Houses

actually let to Lodgeis, or having Shops.

XII. And be it (urther enacted, That every Person having one or more Dwelling Houses, usually

let as a ready-furnished Lodging House or Lodging Houses, or keeping one or more Dwelling Houses

1 - 4 U 2 with

691

x6ol —1651.} — V ST

1651.. — T701.5 — 1 rr

1701.. — 1751.5 ' — V

1751.. —1 Sol. j — f TT

1801.* -1851 ; —

1851- —190I.; — 1 f TT

190I,. -'9S*-i — 1 TT

»95>- —2 col 5 — f TT

2 COl. and upwards m 1 TT

Persons affcITeii after April 5,

1798, 10 p.iy the additional

Duty on the Amount of such

Assessments from the Com-

mencement of the Year for

which irude. § 83.]

Persons assessed after April 5,

1798, to a greater Amount than

in the pnor Afltflment, to be

charged with a proportional

additional Assessment.

[&r § 82 J

Surcharges to be charged as if

they had been included in the

original Assessment. ^ 81.J

Fractional Parts of Assessments

under is^ not to be charged

with additional Duty.

Additional Duty to be paid an-

nually, to ihe Amount of the

first Affeflhnent made.

[See § 6, 7, 81 ]

If the Amount of Duties now

payable consist of Articles, the

Amounts whereof are liable to

different Rates, fcp.uate AssessT-

ments to be made i'oreach j and

the Duties of 10I. per Cent and

10I. per Cent may be appor-

tioned. [.Sir* ^ 5t* to -which this

in certain Cijes9 forms an

ceftrn. J

Inns, &c. and Boarding Schools

to be chargeable as Lodging

Houses, Ac. under § 3.

Persons having ene or mere

Houses, uiually let, or Kept to

