5[ 3

A

tricesimo feptimo G

5

H

in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds;

' r 1 * i- . t\ it • Le seised or possessed of a like Estate

vi «.v jva,.j * mub vi mv uuuu.wu *uui.W) v. ...at. ^ ..Jr Apparent of a Person who shall,

in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred

Pounds; a Major or Captain shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the

yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death

was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred

Pounds; a Lieutenant shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly

Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of six hundred Pounds,

or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds,

or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or

possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of

his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or seised or

possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds ; an Ensign

shall, in like Manner, be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifteen Pounds,

or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of two hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed

of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son

of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of & like Estate

as aforesaid, of the yeaily Value of thirty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed

of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal

Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted. That a Person possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his ownUfe and Be-

nefit, in Possession, of an Estate for a certain Term, originally granted for twenty Years or more, of an an-

nual Value (over and above all Rents and CharjgesLpayable out of or in respect of the fame) equal to the

Value of fuen an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer

of the Militia respectively, shall be and is hereBy deemed and declared to be sufficienily qualified to act in

the Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted. That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenant of the

Tower Hamlets aforesaid, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia, than that of a Lieutenant, until he

shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace for the Liberties of the Tower, or (in his Absence) t? his

Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the County, PariQi,

or Place, in which the Estate or Estates which from [form] his Qualification is or are situate ; and the Clerk of

the Peace, or his Deputy, shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the said Hamlets, a Copy of such Description;

and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieu*

tenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is

given, hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

XL And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the Liberties aforesaid, shall, and he is

hereby required to enter the Qualification transmitted to him, according to the Directions of this Act, upon a

Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, the Dates

of the Commissions, and Names and Ranks of the Officers appointed, together with the Names of the Of-

ficers in whose Room they shall be appointed, if the Cafe shall require the fame, in like Manner as Commis-

fions in the Army are directed to be published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge

the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission, to the Treasurer for the Time being of

the County of Middlesex, who is hereby directed to pay the fame ; and every Deputy Lieutenant and Com-

missioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed

the Declaration as required by the Laws in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall,

at some General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in one of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmin-

within six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken

by an Act, pasted in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An An for

the further Security of his Majesty* s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of

the late Princess Sophia, being Prot eft ants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales,

mrtA his open and Jecret Abettors; and also determined by an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amendingfo much of

+n jffl of the /event h Year of her late Majrjly §>ueen Anne, intituled, 4 An Act for Improvement of the Union

% of the Two Kingdoms,* as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies

therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason, or Mi/prijion ofTreason; and shall also make, repeat,

and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the first Year ot King George the First, directed to be made,

repeated, and subscribed, by all Officers, Civil and Military.

XII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to

be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as

aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before

required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall

execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, hot being qualified as aforesaid, or

without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every

fcich Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety of which said several Penalties shall go

the Use of his Majesty, his Hein and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person

37 Gko. III. -3 X * who

Eftatr3 granted

for 20 Years,

of annual Value

equal to those re-

quire d ^r Qua-

lifications, ful-

ficient.

No Rank fupe-

rior to Lieute-

nant to be given

till the Qualifi-

cation be de-

livered to the

Clerk o£the

Pcaoe, &c*

Clerk of the

Peace to enter

Qualifications In

a Roll, and insert

Dates of Com-

mi(lions, Sec,

in the Gazette.

Deputy Lieu-

tenants, &c.

within fix

Months to take

the Oaths pre-

feribed by I

Geo. I. Cap. 13.

and 6 Geo. Ilk

Cap. 53. and

subscribe the

Declaration re-

quired by 1

Geo. 1. Cap. jy

Penalty on un-

qualified Per-

fons, or who

have not de-

livered in their

Qualifications,

for acting, &«.

