A.D. 1798* ving Annoying tricesimoo&avo Georgii III. Iv.

or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange,

any greater or higher Price than such Bread shall be ascertained to be sold for or at, by the Court, Ma-

giftiate or Magistrates, or Justices, authorized by the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present

Majesty, or otherwise, to set the Price and Assize of Bread within their respe&ive Jurisdictions ; anJ that

no Baker or other Pcifon who shall make any Bread for Sale within the same City or Liberties, or Weekly

Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall refuse or decline to fell any Loaf or

Loaves of any of the Sorts of Bread which, in pursuance of the fame last-mentioned Act, and of this Act,

or of any other Law, shall be allowed or ordered to be made, to any Person or Persons who shall tender

ready Money in Payment for the fame, at or for the Price such Bread, by the Assize which shall have been

set in respect thereof, shall be fixed at, or ascertained to be sold.for, when any such Baker, or other Person

who shall make Bread for Sale within the said Limits, shall have any Loaf of any such Bread in his House,

Bakehouse, Shop, or Poflcllion, to be sold, more than thali b? requisite for the immediate necefi'ary Use of

his own Family or Customers, and which it shall be incumbent on such Baker or other Person who shall

be complained of for refusing or declining to fell any such Bread, to prove, before the Magistrate or

Magistrates, justice or Justices, to whom any such Complaint shall be made, if thereunto required

by the Party or Parties who shall make any such Complaint, upon Pain that every Person who shall be

convicted of any such Offence, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than

ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or

Offenders shall be convicted, shall think lit and order, every Time he, Ihe, or they shall so offend, and be

convidlrd. ...

XIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That no Person shall fell, or offer to Sale, within

the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the

Royal Exchange, any Bread of an inferior Quality to Wheaten Bread, at a higher Price than Household

Bread shall be set at by the Assize, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof,

a Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it also enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices

of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Peace

Officers, authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Magistrate or

Magistrates, Justice or Justices* (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Juf-

ticcs* is and are hereby empowered to grant,) at seasonable Times, in the Day Time, to enter into any

House, Shop. Stall, Bakehouse, Waiehouse, Outhouse, or Ground, of or belonging to any Baker, or

other Person making, or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City, or Liberties, or Weekly

Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange» and to take with him or them, to his or

their Assistance, one or more Master Baker or Bakers, and to search and examine whether any Allum or

other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, in the

1 Polfdlion of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, is or shall

be in any wise adulterated, and also to search for Allum, or any other Ingredient which may be intended to

be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if, on any such Search, it shall appear that any

such Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whose Pof-

tession it Hull then be, or any. Allum or other Ingredient shall be found which shall seem to have been de-

polited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, or Bread, then and in every such

Cafe it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or

Officers authorized as aforesaid, retpedtively, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize

and take any Meal, Flour, Dough, or Bread, which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to

have been adulterated', and all Aiium and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found, anJ

deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for. any such Adulteration as aforesaid, and such

thereof as shall be (eized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient

Speed after Seizure, be carried to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of toe Peace, within

whose Jurisdiction the fame shall have been io seized ; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Juf-

tices of the i'e-tce, who shall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any Thing so

seized under the Authority of this Act, shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough,

or Bread, so seized, shall have been adulterated by any unwholcfome or impro|>er Mixture or Ingredient

put (herein, or shall adjudge that any Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid, shall have

been deposited or kept where so found for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour, or Bread, then and in

any such Cafe every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and arc hereby

required, w.i'hm the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to dispose of the fame-as he or they, in his or

their Diicretion, shall, from Time to Time, think proper. * J ‘ - ?

XV. And be it further enacted. That every Baker or other Person making, or who shall make, Bread

for Sale within the said City or Liberties, or the Weekly Pills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the

Royal Exchange, in whose House, Shop* Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Oiithouse, Ground, or Poftl-ffion,

any Allum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged

by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been depufited there for the

Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Fluur, or Bread, shaft, on being convicted ofany such Offence,

i. ,A fT I) either

933

ask more for his

Hread than the

set Price, nor to

refofe to fell to

any Person who

shall tender

Payment for

Loaves in his

Possession, more

than nectlfuy

for the imme-

diate Use of his

Family orCuf-

tomers.

Penalty for

Offence.

Penalty for fell,

ing Bread infe-.

rior to Wheaten

at a higher Price

than Household.

Magistrates or

Peace Officers

by their War-

rants, may, at

seasonable

Times, search

BakersPrcniifcs,

and if any adul-

terated Flour,

Bread, fcc. be

feund, it may be

fe'zed and dif-

posed of.

Penalty on

Bakers in whose

Premises shall

be found any In.

gredients for

adulterating

Flour, &c.

