874

C. 89,

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

and made in

Scotland, 6s.

6d. per Bushel:

For Glauber

Salts made in

Great Britain,

5s. per Bushel:

For dried Cod

Fish, See. a

Bounty of 3s.

per Cwt. j

and for Wet Cod

Fish, &c.2S. per

Barrel:

For Salmon, a

Bounty of 4s.

6d. per Barrel;

for White Her-

rings, 2S. Sd;

for Red Her-

Tihgs, is. 9d.;

and for clean

fhotten Red '

Herrings, is.

per Barrel:

For dried Red

Sprats, is. per

Last: 1

For Pilchards

W

or Scads, 7s.

per Cask:

For Beef or Pork

faked in Eng-

land or Wales

with Salt that

has paid Duty,

and in Scotland

with Foreign

Salt, 5s. per Barrel

For every Bushel of Salt which shall he made in Scotland, (Rock Salt excepted,) for which all the Duties

due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence

to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback or Allowance of six Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Bushel of Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Ep/om Salts, which shall be made

or produced at any Salt Work in Great Britain, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be

paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback or Al-

lowance of five Shillings: ......- ff- H *

For every one Hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, (commonly called Haberdine,) which

shall contain in Length fourteen Inches or upwards from the Bone in the Fin, to the third Joint in the Tail

of every such Fish, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty

of three Shillings:

For every Barrel of wet Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly ex-

ported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of two Shillings:

For every Barrel of Salmon, containing forty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from Great

Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of four Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Barrel of White Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from

Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of two Shillings and Eient-pence:

For every Barrel of full Red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly exported from

Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of one Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Barrel of clean (hotten Red Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be duly ex-

ported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of one Shilling:

For every Lad, confiding of ten thousand dried Red Sprats, which shall be duly exported from Great

Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of one Shilling:

I *rl11; '

For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing fifty Gallons, which shall be duly exported

from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of seven Shillings:

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, containing thirty-two Gallons, which shall be salted in England or

Wales with Salt which shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, and which shall be duly ex-

ported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of five Shillings:

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, of thirty-two Gallons, which shall be salted in Scotland with Foreign

Salt, (without Mixture of British or irish Salt,) which shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon,

and which shall be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, a Bounty of five Shillings: '

What Quantity

of Salt shall be

deemed a

Bushel.

Barrels to be

gauged by the

Gallon English

Wine Measure.

Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of

the Commis-

sioners of Ex-

cife. ’' ’■

Commissioners

miy compound

for the Duty on

Salt with Re-

finers of Rock

Salt, and also

for the Duty in

rtfpedl of Mineral Alkali

If imported

Salt be landed

before Payment

of Duty, it

/hail be forfeit-

, with the

Ytflels, See. j

IV. And be it further enacted, That sixty-five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rock Salt shall be deemed

and taken to be a Bushel of Rock Salt; and that of every other Kind or Species of Salt, not being Rock

Salt, fifty-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Barrel, Cask, or other Vessel, in which Fish* Beef, or

Pork,entitled to any Bounty by this Act given or granted, shall be packed, shall be gauged, measured, or

ascertained, and the fame shall be taken to be so much as the fame will respectively contain, according to the

Gallon English Wine Measure. ^

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise or become pay-

able in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite in England for the Time

being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Com-

nnflioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise,

or the major Part of them respectively, to compound for the Duty by this Act granted, for and in re-

spedt of $Ldt, with any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt 5 and also for the Duty by this Act imposed,

for or in respect of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, from Time to Time, in such Manner and Form,

and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be mod to the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipts

of the said Duty; any Thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty hereby imposed on Foreign Salter other Salt imported

into Great Britain, shall from Time to Time be satisfied and paid by the Importer or Importers of the fame,

upon his, her, or their Entry or Entries made, and before landing thereof; and that in case any Foreign or

imported Salt shall be unshipped or landed, or put on Shore, or into any Ship, Boat, or Vessel in Great Bri-

tain, before due Entry be made thereof with the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place where such Salt

dial) be imported, or before the Duties hereby imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully satisfied

and paid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering of such Salt, signed by such Collector as afore-

