170

Officers, Sec.

v/hen they draw

forPay,todedu#

their Debts from

their Bills.

Captains to sub-

scribe the Bills

of Lieutenants,

Sec.

Officers, Sec. on

Removal from

Ships, may draw

for their Pay, if

three Months

are due*

Captains sent

to Sick Quar-

ters may draw

for their Pay at

the Expiration

of six Weeks.

When Lieute-

nants, Scc. are

sent to Sick

Quarters, Cap-

tams to make

out an Extra#

from Ship’s

Books in the

following Form,

to be delivered

to the Officer.

If the Officer

remain in Sick

Quarters more

than six Weeks,

the Physician or

Surgeon to in-

C. 94

tricesimo auinto Georgii III

795

j uftly

that shall appear to be due to him, which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall state the Rate or Description, and Name*

of the Ship or Vessel to which such Officer shall belong, and his Station on board of the fame, and also the

full Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay which shall be due to him and the Period for which such Wages

or Pay shall have accrued or become due, together with the Amount of the usual Deductions and Abate-

ments, and other Deductions, which shall appear upon the Ship's Muster Books, to which the (lime shall be'

liable, and the Net Residue of the Personal Wages or Pay so to be drawn for; and which Bill, or Set of

Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be of the Form and Tenor directed in a Schedule herein contained,

or to the like Effect: Provided always, that such Commissioned Officer, Master, or Surgeon, shall not be

permitted, under any Authority by this ACt given, to draw such Bills upon the Comfnissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Navy for the first three Months after he shall have received the three Months Advance hereby autho-

rized to be paid to him upon his entering on board his Ship.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioned Officer, Matter,

or Surgeon, shall purchase dead Men’s Cloaths, or otherwise incur any Debt, which shall or may be charge-

able against his Wages or Pay, such Debts or such Charges shall not be put or stand as a Deduction to be

made from his Servants Pay, or from any Pay which may be allowed him as a Compensation for Servants

Pay, but shall be put and (land as a Deduction, and shall be deduCted from his own Personal Wages or Pay,

whenever he shall draw as aforesaid upon the Commissioners of his Majesty’sNavy.

V. And be it enaCted, That if the Officer drawing for his Personal Wages or Pay as aforesaid, shall be

a Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which such Lieute-

nant, Master, or Surgeon, shall belong, shall at the Bottom of such Bill, or Set of Bills, subscribe his Name,

and also the Word approved,* in token of his Knowledge of such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, bein£

entitled to draw for such Net Amount of Personal Wages or Pay.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Commissioned Of-

ficer, Master, or Surgeon, as aforesaid, shall be removed from any Ship or Vessel, to any other Ship or

Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, it shall and may be lawful to and for such.

Officer to draw, or cause to be drawn, a Bill, or Set of Bills as aforesaid, upon the Commissioners of his.

Majesty’s Navy, for the Personal Wages or Pay that shall be due to him for the Time he shall have served in.

the said Ship or Veftel from which he shall be so removed, up to the Day of his entering on board the Ship of

Vessel to which he shall be so removed, if such Time shall amount to the Space of three Months or more i

which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall contain the fame Specifications as herein-before directed in Cafes of Offi-

cers drawing Bills, and continuing in their Ships; and if such Officer be a Lieutenant, Master, or Sur-

geon, the Captain or Commander of the Ship or Veftel to which such Officer shall belong, shall, at the

Bottom of such Bill, or Set of Bills, subscribe his Name, and the Word approved,’ in token of his

Knowledge of such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, being jirftly entitled to draw for such Net Amount of

his Personal Wages or Pay.

VII. And be it en«r# by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Captain or Com-

mander shall be sent to Sick Quarters, and shall remain in such Quarters for a longer Space than six Weeks*

it shall and may be in the Power of such Captain or Commander to draw, or cause to be drawn, a Bill, or

Set of Bills as aforesaid, as the Cafe may be, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Net

Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay that shall be due to him to the Day of the Expiration of six Weeks

from and after his having been sent to Sick Quarters as aforesaid; which Bill, or Set of Bills, shall contain

the fame Specifications as are herein-before in other Cafes directed.

VIII. And be it enacted, Thatifa Lieutcnantt, Master, or Surgeon, be sent to Sick Quarters, the Cap-

tain or Commander of the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong shall make out, or caule to be made out,

an Extract from the Books of the fame, specifying the Name and Rate or Description of such Ship or Vessel

from which such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall be so sent to Sick Quarters, with his Station on

Board, and the Amount of the Personal Wages or Pay due to him at the Time, and also the Deductions

to which the fame are liable, and the Date of his leaving the said Ship or Veftel; which Extra# the said

Captain or Commander shall sign and certify, and the fame, being written or printed, shall be of the Form

and Tenor following, or to the like Effe#:

4 ift Rate, [Britannia> Lieutenant Thomas Bowling) sent to Sick Quarters ift July 1794

(

C

__________May __ __ ^ Mi.

Amount of Deductions per Ship’s Books

I

Net Pay £.

5 Certified by

4 A B. Captain of the

4 [Britannia.)*

And the said Extra#, being so made out, signed, and certified, shall be delivered to such Lieutenant, Maf-

ter, or Surgeon, sent to Sick Quarters as aforesaid. ... -

IX. And, if such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall remain in Sick Quarters for a longer Time than

six Weeks, be it enacted, That the Physician or Surgeon having Superintendance of the Sick Quarters to

which the said Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall have been so discharged as aforesaid, shall, on the

Back of such Extra# from the Ship’s Books, make out, or cause to be made out, at the End of the said fix

Weeks from and after the Time that such Lieutenant, Master, or Surgeon, shall have been so discharged

