774 C. 52, 53. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

rorto take XI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any

iway any other other Rights or Privileges which have been anciently granted to such Corporations, by Royal Charters or

Coroom Grants, and which have been immemorially held and enjoyed by such Corporations; but that they shall

rations, who continue in the full Possession of all their other exclusive Rights and Privileges as much as if this Act of

shall not be 1»- Parliament had never passed; and that they shall not be obliged to attend as Jurymen upon the I rial of any

able to attend Cause or any Indictment which may be removed from the limited Jurisdiction to the County at large, nor

as Jurymen upon the Trial of any other Cause, or any other Indictment, which maybe tried before his Ma*^

ofany Cauf^in jc^y’s Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, in the next adjoining

theCountyat County. / ' felfi J T

large.

Act not to au- XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

thorize the pre- contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any Person to prefer any Bill of Indictment for

*77*1\ f?y 1 11 an^ Offence committed, or charged to be committed, within the County of any City or Town Corporate,

for ah Offence to Jury next adjoining County as aforesaid, or to remove any Indictment or other Criminal Pro-

committed ^ ceeding, except the Person preferring such Bill, or applying for such Removal, shall enter into a Recog-

within the nizance before the Court where such Bill shall be preferred, or the Court or Magistrate to whom such Appli-

County of any cation shall be made, as the Cafe may be, in the Sum of forty Pounds, conditioned to pay the extra Costs

C«ty or Town attending the prosecuting for such Offence in such next adjoining County, provided the Court before whom

theF J°uryCof ^he Trial is had shall be of Opinion that he ought to pay the fame. . \ «;jt.

next adjoining County, unlefa Recognizance be entered into to pay the extra Costs. \ *1,

CAP. LIII. f r

4

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to

Armorial Bearings or Ensigns.—[21ft June 1798.]

4 Most gracious Sovereign, 1

4 TT 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

aftenibled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased'Chargeocca-

4 fioned by any Loan to be raised by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose, to be paftf d in this Session

4 of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein-

4 after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted / and be it enacted

by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be

raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of His

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Stamp Duties following; that is to say, . r 'V;*

wearing any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the fame shall

or other Article on which the fame

Persons using, That every Person ufin

wearing, or be- be called, or who shall dc po

ing possessed of ^a|] pajnted, marked, engraved

or riate,

all previously enter hisor her Name, and annually take out

a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein mentioned’:

Bear

ingson Carri- .

ages. Seals, Plate, or otherArticlcs, to take out an annual Certificate:

SuchCcrtificates That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate

issued to any Person keeping a Coach or other Carriage, upon which any Duty under the Management of

the Commissioners for the Affairs of Faxes is chargeable, and on which such Armorial Bearing or Enlign

shall be painted, marked, or affixed, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp

Duty of two Pounds and two Shillings: 1

That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate

shall be issued to any Person not keeping any such Coach or other Carriage, who shall be charged to the

Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, by any Act passed in the

present Session of Parliament, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty

of one Pound and one Shilling: .■ LI , 1,

And that upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Cer-

tificate issued to any Person not keeping any such Coach or other Carriage, not being charged to the said

Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, shall be engrossed, written,

or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of ten Shillings and Sixpence.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That nothing herein contained shall be construed to ex-

tend to charge any of the Royal Family with any of the Duties by this Act imposed, or any Person who

shall by Right of Office, or by Appointment, wear^orufe any of the Arms or Irflignia worn or used by the

toPersons keep-

ing Carriages, to

be charged al.

as.;

and to Person*

rot keeping

them, but

chargeable to

Che Duties on

Houses, &c.

il. is j

and to Persons

not so charge-

able, 10s. 6d.

Act not to ex-

tend to the

Royal Family,

or to Arms used

by Cities, &c.

Royal Family, or used by any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain.

