404

C. 114.

-uCeo. III.

Cap 47,

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 81.

1 Sc *4 Car. II,

Cap. 12 i and

a6 Geo. III.

Cap. 107. re-

cited.

Provisions of

the three first

recited Acts,

touching the

Relict oi Fami-

lies of Subfii-

tutes, hired

Men, or Vo-

lunteer.., to ex-

tend to Places

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1756.

the Overseers of the Parish for which such Suhflitute shall serve, toreimburse the Money so paid to the

Overs^er or Overseers who (liaii have advanced the fame in pursuance of the Order before mentioned, if

such Parish shall be situated within the same County, and if such Parish shall be situated in any other

County, the said Justice shall cause the fame to be reimbursed in Manner therein-sfccr mentioned ; and

in case the Substitute vt hose Family shall be relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any Parish situated in an-

other County, the Monies advanced by the Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Fa-

mily shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of the County Stock, by the Treasurer of the County to which

the Parish, Township, or Place, shall belong, on producing a Certificate of the Order of the Justice al-

lowing such Relief, which Certificate fuclv fuftice is thereby required to g-nnt tccordirgly ; and the

Treasurer who shall repay such Overseer, shall transnit such Certificate, and also an Acco mt of all

Monies so repaid by him from Time to Time quarterly., to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, cr

Place, in the Militia whereof such Suhflitute shall serve ; and the Treasurer to whom the fame ilia!) nave

been so transmitted, shall forthwith reimhurfe the fame to the Treasurer from whom the said Account was

received ; which Account, so received and reimbursed, shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace at their

next General or Quarter Sessions, which shall be held for such County, Riding, or Place, for their Al-

lowance thereof, and the said Justices shall and they arc thereby required to allow the fame accordingly,

and forthwith to make an Order for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, for

which such Suhflitute shall serve, to make good the fame to the Treasurer of the County, out of the

Poor’s Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place ; and all Payments so made by such Treasurer or Trea-

furers, Overseer or Overseers, in pursuance of such Order or Orders of such Justice or Justices, shall be

allowed and passed in their respective Accounts in like Manner as the F.xpences incurred on Account of

the Militia are by Law directed to be passed and allowed : And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-

fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to emend tin Act, passed in the last Sffjiv: of Parka*

made for the Relief of the Families of Persons inrolled in the Place of Militia Men difehavged at their

commi(Jtoned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, Jiving in the Militia, between the County at large,

and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of A fen ferV-

ing for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of Families of S ibfti*

tutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia ; further Provisions are made, touching the Relief

or such Families: And whereas determined by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of

the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor

of this Kingdom, many Parishes in divers Parts of this Kingdo n have been, and still arc, divided into

Townships, or other Divisions, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of such respective Town ships, or

other Divisions, and the Poor of such Townships, or other’Divisions, are maintained by the several

Townships, or other Divisions, to which they respectively belong, and Overseers of the Poor are ap-

pointed for such Townships, or other Divisions, separately and distmclly, but no Overseers arc appointed

for the Parish at large wherein such Townships, or other Divisions, so separately maintaining their own

Poor, are situate, although the Persons fervingin the Militia are ballotted and serve for such Parish at large,

and not for such Townships, or other Divisions, separately and distinffty comprised therein : And whereas

by an Adf, mede in the twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, and re-

ducing inti one Act of Parliament, the Lavas relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land, it is amongst other Things enabled, that in ballotting for the Militia, it shall be lawful to add to-

x ge therthe Lifts of two or more Parishes, Tithings, or Places, and proceed upon such Lifts, added to-

* gether, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, Tithing, or Piace, so ns to

4 make ih; Choice of Militia Men by Ballot, within every Subdivision, as equal and impartial as pofiib.'e;

4 And whereas great Difficulties have arisen in executing the said several Provisior.s in the said A£t$ of the

4 thirty-third, thirty fourth, and thirty-fifth Years of His said Majesty’s Reign, in consequence of the said

4 Provisions in the said Acts of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 Charles the Second, and of the tWM.ty-sixth Year of His present Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

Tal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lam;*, That all and

everythe Provisions, in the said A els of the thirty third, thirty-fourth, and thirty- fifth Years of His Majesty’s

Reign contained, touching the Rtlief of the Ferrily any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, Icrvir.g

for any Parish. Tiihirg, or Place, or any united Parishes, Tithings, or Piaces, and for the Reimbursement

of all Sums of Money which have been or ft) ill be advanced for any such Purpose, shall extend to a'! Towrr-

ships and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining the Poor thereof separately ird

difrindhy, andaifo to all Parishes and Places united for the Purposes ofballutting for Militia Men, as uti!

to all other Parishes and Places.; and th.it the Justices of the Peace w’ho have made or shall make Orders ri»r

the Relief of any such Families, or any other justice of the same County or Piace, shall give Directions for

14 the

