A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georg 11 III. C. 16.

• 4 4 «. i f *

whatever in the Assessments of the said former Rates or Duties whereon the Duty by this Adl imposed

hath been ascertained.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all such Appeals against any Assessment as

aforesaid shall be entered with the Cleric to the respective Commissioners for executing this Adl, within

ten Days after Notice of such Assessment shall be given to or left with the Party intended to be charged

thereby, in the Manner before directed *, and the fame shall be heard and determined within ten Days

after such Appeal shall be so entered, for which Purpose a Day or Days of Appeal shall be appointed

within the Time before mentioned by the said respective Commissioners, unless the Day of Appeal

from Assessments of the Duties now payable on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or on inhabited Houses,

shall intervene f ; on which Days respectfvely the said Commissioners are hereby required to hear and

determine all such Appeals.

•LVL And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing this Adl, in their respective

Divisions, shall, if they deem it expedient for the better Execution of this Adl, nominate Aflirtant

Commissioners to receive, hear, and determine the Appeals of Persons entitled, on Account of in-

come, to be exempted from the Payment of the said additional Rates or Duties, or to any Abatement

thereof, according to the Provisions of this Adl ; for which Purpose the said Commissioners for

executing this Act, present at their first Meeting to be holden as aforesaid {, or at forne other Meeting

to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, not later than seven Days from such Meeting, or the

major Part of the Commissioners then present, may, out of the Persons assessed to the Duties now

payable, and resident in the respective Parishes and Places in which such Persons respectively are assessed

to the said Duties now payable at a Sum not less than six Pounds, make out a List of the Persons so

assessed in each such Parish and Place, beginning with the Person assessed to the greatest Amount in such

Assessment, and so downwards, according to the Amount of each Person’s Assessment; which Lift

shall contain the Names of so many of those Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in their Difcre-

tien, after taking into Consideration the Size of each Parish and Place, and the Number of Persons

assessed therein respectively, require to a dl as Assistant Commissioners for each such Parish or Place,

according to the Provisions of this Act; which Lift, being respectively signed by two or more of the

said Commissioners, they shall cause to be delivered to the respective Assessors and Collectors of the

respective Parishes and Places within their ref[)edlive Divisions, with a Notice subscribed to each Lift,

of the Day to be appointed by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, as hereinafter is men-

tioned, which Day shall not be later than ten Days after such Lifts shall be signed ; and the said

respective Assessors and Collectors shall, without Delay, cause the respective Persons named in such

Lifts to be summoned, by Notice in Writing, either given personally, or left at their respective Places

of Abode, to assemble themselves at the Time mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of qualifying

themselves to act in the Execution of this Act, and at such Place, within their respective Parishes or

Places, as Meetings for parochial Purposes are usually holden, or at such other Place as the Com-

missioners for executing this Adl shall think fit to appoint: Provided always, that if the Commissioners

for executing this Adl shall fee any just Cause why any Person or Persons in the Order before pre-

feribed, as to the Amount of their respective Assessments, is or are not of Fitnef- and Ability to

execute the Office of Assistant Commissioner, it shall be lawful for them to exclude any such Person

or Persons from such Lift, and to insert in such Lift the Names of other Persons in such Parflh or

Place, next in Order as to the Amount of their respective Assessments as aforesaid.

LVTL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where three or more fit and able Persons as

aforesaid, assessed in any Parish or Place to the Duties now payable, cannot be found to accept the

Office of Assistant Commissioner, it (hall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Adl to

unite such Parish or Place to some adjacent or contiguous Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, and to

nominate Assistant Commissioners for the Parishes or Places so united, out of the Persons assessed

therein respectively to the Duties now payable, as if the fame had constituted one Parish or Place

only.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for

executing this Adl, whenever the Number of Persons assessed in any Parish or Place shall, in their

Judgement, require that Assistant Commissioneis should act at different Places at the fame Time, to

divide the Persons qualifying themselves so to act for any Parish or .Place into distinct Committees,

and to allot to each Committee distinct Divisions within each such Parish or Place, in such Manner as

they in their Discretion shall think most convenient.

LIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for more than (even Per-

fons to act together for any Parish or Place having one Committee only, nor any greater Number to

act together in the fame Committee in any Parish or Place having more than one Committee; and

that where more than seven Persons qualified to act shall attend at any Meeting of such Committee,

{even Persons amongst them shall be chosen indifferently by Lot, and the Rest shall be excluded from

acting at such Meeting.

LX. And be it further enacted. That every Person, before he shall act as an Assistant Commissioner

in the Execution of this Adl, shall, and he is hereby required to take the following Oath; (that is

to

699

Appeals to be entered with the

CJerk to the CommiflTioners

within 10 Days alter Notice to

the Party of his Assessment;

and heard within 10 Days after

they are entered.

* §49-

f See 11 Geo. II. c. xa. § 7.

Commissioners may nominate

A ffistant Commissioners for hear-

ing Appeals respecting Income;

to be named, in order, out of

Residents assessed to the Duties

row payable not under 61.

t $4«-

Lifts of their Names So be ddVU

vered to the AflcCurt,

who shall give Notice to such

Assistant Comm (Turners to if*

semble to qualify.

Commissioners may exclude un«

he Persons from Lifts.

In any Place where three fit

Persons for Assistant Cominif-

floners cannot be found, it may

be united with loine contiguous

Place.

Commissioners may divide Af-

fistants into Committees, to atl

in different Parts of the fame

Parish*

Not more than seven Perform

to act as a Committee.

Assistant Commissioners to take

the following

