412

C. 123

tricesimo sexto

A.D. 1796.

ct

cc

((

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

160 /. respectively, as before mentioned; and by July 5, 1797, to transmit a Duplicate of the Book of

Credit to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General. Money

to be issued at the Exchequer for Payment of Annuities. Cashier to pay the fame without Delay. Ac-

countant General to examine the Caftiier’s Accounts. Annuities to be added to the J.Y. per Certs, efta-

blished by i\Geo. III. Sect.2. Cap. 39. 25 Geo. III. Cap. 32. 34.GV0.III. Cap. 21. and 35 Geo, III.

Cap. 32. Book to be kept for entering Transfers. No Stamp Duties to be charged on Transfers.

Annuities may be devised. Bank to continue a Corporation till Annuities aic redeemed. Penalty ot

20/. for taking Fees for making Bills, granting Certificates, &c. Treasury may reward Petfons em-

ployed in the Execution of this A&. General XII'ue. Treble Costs.”

Additional Du-

ties.

Tor French

Wine imported

after April 17,

1796, 301.

and for all

other Wines,

301* per Tun.

CAP. CXXIII.

L . - % — J i W+'Z *- Pk . -■ » -| I

*

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Foreign Wines and British

Sweets, and on Foreign Wines sold by Auction.—[19th May 1796 ]

9

c* Most Gracious Sovereign, ... -

WE, your Majest/’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of 'Great Britain in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

making such permanent Addition to the public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charges oc-»

cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Actor Act for that Purpose*

passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein-after respectively mentioned; and do

therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabledand be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ants

Commons, in this present Parliament afieinbled, and by the Authority of the same, That there Hull be

raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in

respect of the several Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already im-

poied for or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Customs and Excite

herein-after mentioned; that is to say, *v J ,

%

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain after the seventeenth Day of April one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be imported into Great Britain after the passing of this

Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Custom

Duty of thirty Pounds: ' . ‘ '

For every T un of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce erf" Spain, or of any of the Do-

minions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, imported into Great Britain after the said Se-

venteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which (halt be imported into Great

Britain after the passing of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the

Importer thereof, a Custom Duty of twenty Pounds;

For every Tun of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, v/hich shall have

been imported into Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-six, and which, after the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix, shall be found in any Ship or Veftel in v/hich the fame shall have been imported, or in any Lighter,

Boat, or other Veftel, after the unihipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or

other Place, upon the iirft landing thereof, or which, on the said seventeenth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-six, was in any Cellar, Vault, or Warehouse of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, or in any Warehouse under the Locks of the Customs or Excise, and

which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this A& imposed, to be paid- by the Im-

Porter or Proprietor thereof, as the Cafe may require, upon Demand, a Custom Duty of thirty

bunds: \ dS

company, or

Customs or Excise Warehouse, 301. .5 ‘

% % a wM W " M / *2 4 # % . I m 9 *

For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Span/, or of any of the Do-

minions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less

Quantity, which shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, which after the said seventeenth day of Aprils one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be found in any Ship or Veftel in which the fame shall have

been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Veftel, after the unshipping and before the landing there-

of, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the firit landing thereof, or which, on the fad

seventeenth Day of April one. thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, was in any Cellar, Vault, or Ware-

house of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in any Warehouse

under the Locks of the Customs or Excise, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty

by this A61 imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Cafe may require, upon De-

mand, a Custom Duty of twenty Pounds: 3. ' T

For every Tun of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have

been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the said seventeenth Day ot' April

qsk

For French

Wine imported

on or before

April 17, 1796,

and afterwards

found in any

Vessel, or upon

any Pier, &c.

or which on

that Day was in

any Cellar of

the East

and for all other

Wines, 201.

per T un.

For French

Wine found on

the first Excise

