4

2 44

x Ann*, Cap. x.

His Majesty

may grant to

the Princess of

Wales an An-

nuity of

50,0001. from

the Decease of

the Prince, pay-

able quarterly,

chargeable on

the Revenue for

the Support of

his Majesty’s

Household.

t Geo. III.

Cap. 1.

On the Demise

of his Majesty,

the Annuity to

be chargeable

upon the Here-

ditary Revenues

enumerated in

last mentioned

a a.

Acquittance of

the Princess,

&c. to be a Dif-

charge for the

Annuity, which

shall be free

from Taxes.

The Princess

may sue the

Commissioners,

&c. of the Re-

venues for the

Annuity.

HU Majesty's

Letters Patent

for the Annuity

to be good, not-

withstanding

C. 130. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

^ f , » »

c rnory,) for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the Crown, intituled, An Act for the belter

4 Support of her Alajejlys Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown y all Grants thereof

(other than such as are therein exprefl') are declared to be void;’ do most: humbly, cheerfully, and unani-

moufly beseech your Majesty that‘it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent '

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Terrq>oral, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

to give and grant unto her said Royal Highness the Princess of JValesy or to such Person or Persons as his Ma-

jesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for

the said Princess, one Annuity or Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^

which Annuity or Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take

Effedt immediately from and after the Decease of his Majesty’s said dearly beloved Son, and continue from

thencefoith for andduringthe natural Life of the said Princess, and shall be paid and payable on the fifth Day

of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of Odobery in every Year, by

even and equal Portions; the first: Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as {hall first and

next happen after the Decease of his Majesty’s said dearly beloved Son, in case the said Princess shall survive

him as aforesaid,; and that the said Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds shall be ifiTuing and payable out of,

and be charged and chargeable upon, such Revenues, Rents, and Duties as are herein after specified; (that

is to say,) that so long as the Revenues of the General Letter Office or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster

General, the hereditary Duties of Excise, and other hereditary or temporary Revenues, enumerated and ex-

pressed in an Adf, made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the

‘Support of his Majesty s Household^ and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, shall, by

virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating thereto, be carried to

or made Part of the Consolidated Fund, the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part

thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon the Revenue, or Yearly Relit or Rents, which shall beilfuing

and payable by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, out of the said Consolidated Fund, for the Support

of his Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, to his present Majesty, during

his Life (which God long preserve); and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or

more of them, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, Hull

and may, and they are hereby required to cause the said Annuity to be issued from l ime to Time, during

his present Majesty’s Life, daily, weekly, or otherwise, for the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed, out

of the Revenue or Yearly Relit or Rents issuing and payable to his Majesty during his Life, out of the Con-

folidated Fund as aforesaid, so as by the said Daily, Weekly, or other Payments, One-fourth Part of such

Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds be not exceeded in, for, or in respectof each Quarter; and so that, upon

every of the said Quarterly Days, the Whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or satisfied, ac-

cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Demise of his present Majesty, the said Annuity

of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall then and from thenceforth, during the Life of the

said Princess, in case the said Princess shall survive his said Royal Highness the Prince, be charged and

chargeable upon the said hereditary Duties and Revenues enumerated andexprefled in the said Act oi the first

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,#and that the fame shall be paid and payable by and from the imme-

diate Hands of all and every the CommiflibYiers, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, for the

Time being, of the said Revenues respectively, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for

paying the lame, or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance and Acquittances of the said Princess or her

Trustees, or of her Royal Highness's Receiver General for the Time being, shall be a good and sufficient

Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds, without any further or other War-

rant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or Yearly Sum of fifty thou-

sand Pounds, and every Parc thereof, shall be free and clear from all 'Faxes, Impositions, and other public

Charges whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and

Collectors, for the Time being, of the said Duties and Revenues, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect

to pay the said respective Yearly Sums, or any Part thereof, to the said Princess, her Receiver General or

Trustees, after such Time as the said Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds shall become or be chargeable out

of the said Duties and Revenues, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then the said

Princess, or such Trustees as aforesaid, may sue, prosecute, or implead the said Commissioners, Farmers,

Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their Securities, Heirs, Exe-

cutors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments,

and sue out Executions thereupon, against the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers; and

Collectors respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such

Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuities, amounting to fifty thousand Pounds

per Annumy or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers,

Receivers, and Collectors respectively of the said respective Duties or Revenues, at the Time when De-

mand shall be made of die Payment of the said Y early Sum, or any Part thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat ail and every the Powers, Precepts, Di-

rections, and Clauses, to be contained in his Majesty’s Letters Patent to be made as aforesaid, for the bet-

ter and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said Yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds per Annumy

shall be, and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport

8 - - of

