A.D. 1795. ving Annoying Cricefimo quinto Georgii III.

C. 59.

in

Officers of Excise, inrthat'Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since the passing of the Lid recited A#, shall

be, and the fame are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes* notwithstanding of the

fame having been granted for Stills exceeding the respective Contents and Capacities expressed in the before

recited Clausers; and that the said Commissioners of Excise, and the Officer or Officers acting under them,

or by their Authority, for the licensing of Stills, shall be, and they hereby are fully indemnified, freed, and

difiharged, from any Penalty, Disability, Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatever, for or in respect of

the granting any such Licences for Stills exceeding the respective Capacities or Contents herein-before

mentioned.

Illfb9 I IlKillMiaviui 111^ ui JwVVV * * 4IIV.3 01 upu IIO iiwiji tuw ivjcnvi 1UJO uiuiiuuucu III tuv* iaiu 1

4 in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out such Annual Licence as is by the

4 said Act prescribed ; and by the said Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 certain Duties are imposed for or in respect of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still

4 used or employed for the making or diddling of Low Wines or Spirits from certain Materials therein men-

4 tioned, in any Part or Place in Scotland, except such Counties and Districts of the Highlands as arc speci-

4 fied in the said Act; and that 110 Person or Persons should erect, set up, use, employ, or work, any Still

4 or Stills for any of the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, in any Part of Scotland aforesaid, without tak-

4 ing out such Licence for that Purpose in Manner mentioned and directed in and by the said Act, made in

4 the twenty-eighth Year aforesaid ; and that, upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence, the

4 Person or Persons applying for the fame should, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand (even

' hundred and ninety-three, and so afterwards, at or before the End of every two Months, pay down, in

4 Ready Money in Advance, a sixth Part of the Yearly Duty payable by that Act in respect of such Licence:

4 And whereas, by the said last mentioned Act, the Commissioners of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain

4 called Scotland, are authorized and required, in Manner prescribed by the said Act, to allow or repay,

4 within two Months, to every Didiller or Didillers, A4aker or Makers, Redlifier or Redlifiers, Com-

4 pounder or Compounders of Spirits, who shall have given or left due Notice of his, her, or their Intention

4 to make, rectify, or compound. Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

4 to that Part of Great Britain called England, a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such

4 Didiller or Didillers, Maker or Makers, Redlifier or Redlifiers, Compounder or Compounders : And

4 whereas, in lieu and indead of such Didillers, Redlifiers, or Compounders, who shall have given such

4 Notice as aforesaid, paying down in Ready Money, in Advance, such Licence Duty, and the Commis-

4 doners of Excise in Scotland allowing or repaying the lame in Manner aforesaid, it is expedient to require

4 all such Didillers, Redlifiers, and Compounders, to give such Bond as is hereinafter prescribed :* lie it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and in-

dead of such Payments in Advance, and of such Allowances or Repayments, all and every Didiller or Dif-

tillers. Maker or Makers, Redtifier or Redlifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have made due Entry, and given or left due Notice of his, her,

or their Intention to make, rectify, or compound Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall give Bond, with sufficient Surety or

Sureties, in the Penalty of a Sum equal to one sixth Part of the Annual Licence Duty for each and every

. 1V _____/" fL A .'1 A f ^ t I ( 4 /-.U n ttrl am C r . 1 I f f a a1 t ai

under whatever

'U

28 Geo. III.

Cap. 46, and

33 Geo. IIL

Cap. 61, re-

cited.

^________ # It, I ills, cycler, or rerry, or otner warn or liquor maoe or orewea rrom any

of the Materials mentioned in the said Act, that no such Still or Stills shall, during the Time that such En-

try shall remain in force, or not withdrawn, be used, employed, or worked, for the diddling, making,

manutadluring, redtifying, or compounding, any Low Wines or Spirits which shall not be duly exported

to, and landed, and paid Duty for, in that Part of Great Britain called England; which Bond the Com-

missioners of Excise in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the l ime being, are hereby directed to

lake in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’s Use.

V. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he deemed or con-

drued to extend, to entitle any Person or Persons to make, redlity, or compound Spirits, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England,

Cave and except such Persons as were authorised and empowered so to do by the Laws in force immediately

before the passing of this Act. '

VI. And, for the more ededlually preventing the Removal, carrying, or conveying, any such Spirits,

made or didilled within the Limits of that Part of Scotland called The Highlands, as described in the said

recited Act of the thirty-third of his present Majesty, out of the said Limits across the Line or Bounds

therein described, into that Part of Scotland called The Lowlands, or Southern Parts of the Kingdom ;

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall (ell, deliver, receive, or buy,

or knowingly permit or suffer to be sold, delivered, received, or bought, any such Spirits so removed, ear-

ned, or conveyed, contrary to the Prohibitions in the Acts made in the twenty-filth and thirty-third Years

In Head of Pay-

itu r.t of Licence

Duties in Ad-

vance by Dif-

tiJlers, and

Abatement of

a Propottion to

those making

Spirits for Ex-

portation to

o England, as di-

rctfed by recited

,) A<5ts, a Bond

ts to be given as

htivin directed.

Person to

make Spirits in

Scotland for

Exportation to

England, not

authorized to do so before passing this A ft.

501. PenaLyon

Perfors remov-

ing Spirits from

The Highlands

to The Low-

lands, contrary

to Act of 25

33 Geo. lli. ;

