354

Bounties grant-

by the re-

cited Act to be

paid by the

Officers ap-

pointed to pay

Bounties under

5 Geo. I- Cap.

j8 j and 16 Geo.

JII. Cap. Sr;

who thalJ retain

Money to de-

fray the Charges

of recited Act.

C. 78. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

taining and patting the said Act,’ it is hereby enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Officer or Officers appointed or directed for the Pay-

ment of the several Bounties, granted by the Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parti;

and by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more

efeftual Encouragement of the British Fijhet ies; shall pay the several Bounties granted and made payable in

and by the said Aci passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, at such Times, and in

such Manner, and out of such Monies as the said Bounties are directed, by the said two recited Acts of the

fifth and twenty-sixth Yeais of his present M a jetty, or either of them, to be paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Officer or Officers l'o appointed for Payment of the said Boun-

ties, shal! retain and keep in his or their Hand or Hands the following Sums, until toe fame {hall amount to

the Sum of one hundred and seventy-six Pounds, being the Cotts and Charges attending the obtaining and

patting the said Act; (that is to say,) For every Barrel of Mackarel on which the Bounty of one Shilling

shall be payable, the 5umof six Pence, until the lame shall amount to the Sum of forty-four Pounds; and

for every Barrel of Mackarel, on which the Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence shall be payable, the

Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, until the fame shall amount to the Sum of one hundred and thirty-two

Pounds; and do and Hull pay such several Sums of forty-four Pounds, and one hundred and thirty-two

Pounds so retained, making together the Sum of one hundred and seventy-six Pounds, unto Thomas Rajhleigh^

the Solicitor employed for obtaining and patting the said Act; any Thing in the said former Act made and

passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, and this Act, to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

35 Geo. III.

Cap. ao. re-

cited ;

tnd instead of

the Duty and

Drawback

thereby granted

and allowed on

Maho/.any, the

following to

lake place.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for charging the Duty on Mahogany imported by Weight.—[14th May 1796.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the latt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting certain

Duties of Crfloms on the Importation of Fruity Sallad Oil, IVafte Silk, and Timber, and on the Ex-

portation <?/* British Rock Salt and Coal, among other Things a Duty of one Penny Halfpenny the Foot

Square, Superficial Measure, is imposed on the Importation of Mahogany into the Kingdom of Great Bri-

tain, and a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duty is allowed on the Exportation thereof from the said

Kingdom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen in respect to the ascertaining the Duty so imposed; and it

is therefore expedient as well for the Benefit of the Revenue, as the Accommodation of the Merchant,

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

liament attembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this Act, instead

and in lieu of the Duty imposed on the Importation, and the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of Maho-

gany by the said recited Act, the Duty and Drawback shall be respectively as follows; (videlicet,)

Duty and

Drawback of

Mahogany im-

ported and not

delivered to be

according to this A ft.

Duties and

Drawbacks to

be levied and

allowed as by

the recited Act.

m # % r i f 0 0 1 v d li f 0 W J *#! % m 1 "I

Mahogany of the Growth of any of the Bahama Blands, and imported directly from

thence, the Ton containing twenty hundred Weight j

Mahogany of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the

Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, the Ton containing

twenty hundred Weight » - — - - *r

Mahogany not imported directly from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported

directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any

other Country or Place, the Ton containing twenty hundred Weight,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Mahogany has been imported

since the patting of the said recited Act, and such Mahogany has not been delivered by the Officers of the

Customs on Payment of the Duty thereby imposed, the fame shall be charged with the Duty, and shall on

Exportation be allowed the Drawback according to this Act.

| Duty. Drawback.f

£ r. d. £■ * d. I

1 10 - I 10 -

I 10 - I 10 -

3 1r - 3 - -|

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this

Act respectively imposed and allowed, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated,

and applied, in like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and

Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Importation, and the Drawbacks on the Exportation of the several Articles

contained in the Schedule referred to in the said recited Act, are respectively now raised, levied, collected,

paid, reco/ered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act.

9

CAP.

