A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sept

C.

437

f - If - i , r- --; m

For the County of Anglesea^ forty-four, for the Army.

For the County of Brecknock, fifty-three, for the Army.

For the County of Cardigan, forty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, eighty-seven, for the Army*

For the County of Carnarvon, forty-seven, for the Army.

For the County of Denbigh, ninety- five, for the Army.

For the County of forty-nine, for the Army.

For the County of Glamorgan, ninety-nine, for the Army.

For the County of Merioneth, fifty-six, for the Army.

For the County of Montgomery, ninety, for the Army.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, sixty, for the

Army. /

For the County of Radnor^ thirty-four, for the Army.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to constitute and appoint,

in the several Counties of Great Britain, (except in the City and County of the City of London,) so many

Officers to regulate the Admission of Men to be levied under the Authority of this Act for his Majesty’s

Service, as his Majesty shall deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish a con-

venient Place or Places of Rendezvous, in each such County (except the City and County of the City of

London as aforesaid) for the Reception of such Men; and every such Man so to be levied shall, before his

Enrolment, be examined by one such Regulating Officer at the lead, as to his Ability to serve his Majesty;

and every such Officer shall have full Power of approving or of rejeding any Man tendered to serve his

Majesty, subject nevertheless to such Controul as by this Act is particularly directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the several Counties

aforesaid, shall, within a Time not exceeding twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, assemble to-

gether at some convenient Place in each County, where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have

heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions, for the Purpose of carrying

effectually into Execution the Powers given to them by this Act; and that in every Cafe where any City,

Town, or Borough, being a County of itself, or any Cinque Port or Liberty herein before particularly

mentioned, is hereby directed to be united with any County at large, in estimating the Number of Men to

be raised by virtue of this Act, the Justices of such City, Town, or Borough, being a County of itself, and

of such Cinque Port or Liberty, who shall have duly qualified themselves to ad, and shall have acted before

the passing of this Act, as such Justices respectively within the proper Limits of their respective Jurisdictions,

and no other, shall assemble themselves together with the Tuftices of such County at large, who shall also be

qualified and shall have acted in like Manner; and the Justices so assembled shall respectively have and be

entitled toexercise the Powers and Jurisdictions of Justices of the Peace, in all Things touching the Exe-

cution of this Act, as well for such City, Town, or Borough, being a Coqnty of itself, and of such Cinque

Port, or Liberty, as also for such County at large, and shall be deemed and taken to be such Justices re-

spedtvely, without any other or further Qualification; and that the said Justices so assembled may, from

Time to Time, as often as they shall find it necessary, adjourn such Court of General Sessions, so that such

Adjournment shall not be fer any longer Time than from Day to Day [Sundays excepted) until they shall

have fully and effectually carried this Act into Execution, in respedof the Powers veiled in such Court of

General Sessions by this Act, except as to such Adjournment as shall be made to the Quarter Sessions as

hereinafter is mentioned; but that such Justices so assembled shall not have any Authority, Power, or Ju-

pfdidion, in or over any Matter or Thing, whatever, other than in and for the Execution of the Powers

expressly given them by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Direction given or Provision made by this Act, in any Matter

respecting any County, shall be conllrued to extend, and shall extend to the several Ridings of the County of

Yonf, and to the several Divisionsof the County of Lincoln respectively, and the Justices within the several

Ridings and Divisions, and of any City or Town directed to be united therewith by this Act, shall have

Power to put this Act in Execution, in all Things within their respective Jurisdictions as fully and amply as

the Justices of any County are hereby empowered to execute the fame. Divisions

V. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, where a Court of General

Sessions is hereby directed to be held, shall, with the Aflentof any two Justices of the Peace of such County,

appoint the Time and Place of holding the first Court of General Sessions, to be held by virtue of this Act,

of which Notice shall be given in any Newspaper usually circulated in such County, five Days at least before

the Day appointed for holding such Court; and in case, at such Time of appointing such Court, or at any

subsequent Time of appointing such Court by Adjournment, there shall not be Justices of the Peace attend-

ing sufficient to hold such General Sessions, any one Justice of the Peace, who shall there attend, shall-and

may adjourn the fame to the next Day, and so from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until such Court shall

be held; and in case no such Justice thall attend at the Time and Place appointed for holding such Court,

then the Clerk of the Peace shall adjourn the Time of holding such Court from Day to Day (Sundays ex-

ceptedJ until such Court shall be duly held.

VI. And fcac it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being,

QuU cause 10 be prepared true Lifts of the Number of all the inhabited Houses within the Limits of the

‘ riJurifc-

His Majesty

may appoint

Officers to

regulate the

Adtnifiion of

Men, &c.

Justices within

twenty one

Days after pair-

ing this Act to

hold a General

Sessions for car-

rying it into

Execution.

Jurisdiction of

Justices for

Cities, tec. when

united with

County Justice?

in execution of

this Act.

Any Provision

respecting any

County to ex-

tend to the Rid-

ings of York-

Ihirc and the

of Lincolnshire*

Clerk of the

Peace, with the

Assent o( two

Justices, to ap-

point the first

General Sef-

lions, which

may be adjourn-

, if sufficient

Justices do not

attund.

Treasury to

cause Lifts to be

prepared by the.

Surveyors, oix

