A.D. 1797.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 1, 2.

seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the Restriction on Payments by the said

Governor and Company in Cash, herein contained, shall be deemed Payments in Cash, if made and accepted

as such; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the

said Governor and Company in Cash, imposed by this Ac5t, no Personshall be held to Sj ecid Bail upon any

Process issuing out of any Court, unless the Affidavit which shall be made for that Purpo'e according to the

Provisions in the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, for prevent-

ing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall not only contain the several Matters required by the said Act, but

also that no Offer has been made to pay the Sum of Money in such Affidavit mentioned, and therein sworn

to, for the Purpose of holding any Person to Special Bail, in Notes of the said Governor and Company,

expressed to be payable on Demand (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty Shillings only excepted); and if*

any Process shall be issued against any Person upon which such Person might have been held to Special Bail

before the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 for confirming and continue

ing, for a limited 'Time, the Rest ridion contained in the Minute of Council of the twenty-sixth of February

one thoufandjeven hundred and ninety-jeven, on Payments of Gast) by the Bank, and no Affidavit shall be made

as aforesaid, and no such Offer of Payment in Notes of the Governor and Company had been made as afore-

said, such Personshall not be arrested on such Process, but Proceedings shall be had against such Person in

the same Manner as if no Affidavit had been made for the Purpose of holding such Person to Special Bail

under the Provisions of the said Act of his said late Majesty King George the First; and all Provisions in

Rich Act, or in any other Act of Parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, shall be ap-

plied to the Provisions in this Act contained, so far as the lame are capable of being so applied: Provided

always, that if an Affidavit shall be made upon which any Person might have been held to Special Bail upon

any such Process as aforesaid, before the passing of the said last recited Act of the last Session of Parliament,

and it shall be likewifefworn in such Affidavit that such Offer of Payment has been made as aforesaid, so that

the Person who might have been arrested and held to Special Bail upon such Process, if th;s Act had not

been made, cannot, by Reason of such Offer and of the Provisions in this Act contained, be so arrested and

held to Special Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court out of which such Process shall issue, or for any Judge of

such Court, in a summary Way, to order the Defendant in the Action in which such Process shall issue, and

who might have been so held to Special Bail as aforesaid if this Act had not been made, to cause Notes of

the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of the Sum of Money

for which such Person might have been so held to Special Bail if this Act had not been made,to be deposited in-

such Manner as such Court or such Judge shall direct, to answer the Demands of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in

such Action; and if such Deposit shall not be made within the Time limited by such Order after such Notice

thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon Affidavit duly made and filed that

such Deposit has not been made according to such Order, to arrest such Defendant, and hold him or her to

Special Bail, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of the Restriction on Payments by the said

Governor and Company in C3(h, by this Act imposed, all Sums of Money which now arc or shall become

payable for any Part of the Public Revenue, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other

Officers of the Revenue, authorized to receive the same, in Notes of the said Governor and Company, ex-

pressed to be payable on Demand, if offered to be so paid (fractional Parts of the Sum of twenty Shillings

only excepted).

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of this Act, to issue Cash, out of any Cash which shall be

at their Disposal, in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever, or of any Part or Proportion of any Debt

or Demand whatever, upon their giving five Days Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of Com-

mons of their Intention so to do, specifying the Description of such Debt or Demand, any Thing in this

Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; which Notice the Speaker of the House of Com-

mons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette.

XL And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force and have Continuance, so far as the fame

restrains the said Governor and Company from ilfuing Cash in Payments, until one Month after the Con-

clufionof the present War by a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and that this Act, or any Clause, Matter, or

Thing, herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any Manner whatsoever, during the

present Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session

Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years o*’

His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, on the twentieth of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, passed in

the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iiiue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a li-

4 mited Time, and for indemnifying all Personswho have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that

4 Part of the United Kingdom,’ for a limited Time.—[30th November 1797.]

c‘ 37 Geo. III. Cap. 40; 37 GeoAM. Cap. 62; and 37 Geo. III. Cap 137; recited. The Act last recited

u further continued, until the Time dated in the Title. This Act may be repealed or altered this Session.”

HEr_ / 4T2 cap.

68 3

Carti, if accept,

as such.

No Person to he

held to Special

Bail unless Af-

fidavit re-

quired to be

made by Stat.

nGeo 1. c. 29.

also adds

that there had

been no Offer

to pay in Bank

Notes; other,

wife Proceed-

ings to be had

as if no Affida-

vit had been

made to hold

to Special Bail.

If any Person,

having offered

to pay in Bank

Notes, cannot,

by Reason of

this Act, be

held to Special

Bail, the Court

m ly order him

to deposit Bank

Notes to answer

the Demand,

and if not done

he may be ar-

rested, and held

to Special Bail.

Collectors of

the Public Re-

venue to accept

it in Notes.

The Bank may

issue Cash, on

previous Notice

to the Speaker

of the House of

Commons.

Publication of

Notice.

Continuance of

a a.

Act may be

lepcalrd or al-

tered th;s Sef-

fion.

