652

CoiKtf, on

Complaint,

may remove

Assignees, and

appoint others.

■Where mutual

Credit has been

given, the Ba-

lance to be

ftatfd.

Prisoners for

Contempts in

net paying Mo-

nies award 'J,

Cods', &c. en-

titled to the Be-

. refit of this

Ad;

and also Prison-

ers on Precedes

cut of Courts of

Conscience.

Act not to

oblige certain

Quakers, now

I’rifoners at

York for

Tithes, to de-

liver in Sche-

dules.

Justices may

cause them to

be brought be-

fore the Sef-

fions, and direct

the Money due

C. 11 2. Anno tricesimo fepthno G eo r gi i III. A.D. 1797.

Clerk of the Peace, are hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute such Alignment accordingly, in

Manner and Form as if no former Alignment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of

the*Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming

to ail Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any of them, and to be liabl-: to all such

Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by this Act, for Disobedience in any Part

thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Herrs,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to act, that then and in Inch Cafe it shall be lawful for

such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Afllgr.ee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as

are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Ex-

ecutors, Administrators, and Afllgns, of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estate

and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Pur poles of this Act.

LVI. 4 And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be

4 discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real

4 Creditors,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the re-

spective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sessions in IValcs, and the Counties Palatine of

Che/ler, Lancaficr, and Durham respectively, from whence any Prcccfs ifl’ued, upon which such Debtor

or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges

of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine

aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Peti-

tien of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency,

Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour, of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of

any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned

therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such

Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such

Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, and for the prudent, just, and equitable Management

or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as

the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Af-

signee or Assignees, and die appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effedfs of such

Debtor or Debtors shall, from thenceforth, be diveiled out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or dif-

placed, and be vested in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for

the fame Intents and Purposes, as the fame were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen as

aforesaid; any Thing in this. Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where mutual

Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other

Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivery of such Schedule orjnventory of the

Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees

of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their Parts, to (late and

allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned ; and nothing; more shall be deemed

to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or

such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall

appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when

truly dated.

LVIII. 4 And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Con-

4 tempts, for not paying Monies ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Costs duly and

4 regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, , after proper Demands made for that Purpgfe, and also

4 upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Nonpayment of

4 Money, Costs, or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt

4 to such Court relating thereto;’ it is hereby declared and enabled. That all such Persons are and shall be

entitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the iame Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions, as are

herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

LIX. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon

4 Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience ;* it is hereby enacted and declared. That all such Prisoners

shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, <he, or they

conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue

of this Act.

LX. -Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained

shal extend, or be construed to extend, to John IVor mall,Henry IVor mall, John Stansfield, Henry King,

John JVtlkinJon, William Hartley, Joseph Brown, and James JValton, being of the People called Quakers^

now Prisoners in the Common Gaol of the County of York, at the Suit of the Reverend George Markham

Vicar of Carlton, in the Weft Riding of the said County, for Tithes, or any or either of them, so as to

oblige them, or any or either of them, to deliver in and subscribe a Schedule of their respective Fftates and

Effects; but that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said Weft Riding of the

County of York aforesaid, upon Application made by the said George Markham, or by any Person or Per-

fons for or on the Behalf of the said John Wormall, Henry IV7rmall, John Stansfield, Henry King, John

JVilkinJon, William Hartley, Joseph Brown, and James IVflton, or any or either of them, to cause the said

Prisoners respectively to be brought before them at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, (or at

8 - any

