A.D.X795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 130, 131.

of the said Letters Patent, to be exprefted, notwithstanding any Restriction, or other Matter or Thing con-

tained in the said Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

far the better Support of her Afojesty's Houjeholdy and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and any Mif-

recital, Non-recital, Omission, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent, in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Yearly Sum of fifty

thousand Pounds shall be paid to her Royal Highness, or to her Use, or for her Benefit, without any Fees or

Charges to be demanded or taken by the Officers of the Exchequer, or any others, for Payment thereof.

VII. And, in order to prevent any Doubts which might arise respecting the Right of her Royal Highness

thePrincefs of IValesy in the Event of her surviving his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to Dower, or

to any Part of the Personal Estate of his Royal Highness, over and above the Jointure hereby provided for

her Royal Highness; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,.That the Acceptance by her Royal High-

nefs of the Jointure herein provided shall he, and be deemed to be, a Bar to any Right or Claim to Dower,

or to any Part of the Personal Estate of his Royal Highness, in the Event of her surviving his Royal

Higbncft.:

VIII. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs, Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, (other than the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than to

such Person or Persons who do or may (land seised or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceflors,) all such Right, Title, interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or

may have, of, in, to, or out of the Revenues, Rents, or Duties aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively,

before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not

been made; this Act, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXXL

An Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the City of London, or

making anew Sewer instead of the defective Part or Parts thereof, and for maintaining andcleanfing the

Ume.

245

any Rcftridlion

in the lad men-

tioned Act.

Annuity to be

paid without

Fee.

Annuity to be

in Bar of

Dower.

Reservatlon of

Rights.

A

I

