263

A.D. 1795. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto

C. 10

12.

4 of the Poor of those Hundreds, Towns, and Di ft riels : And it is therefore become necessary and expc-

4 dient that the Powers of the several Persons to whom is committed, by the said several Acts of Parliament,

4 the Duty of appointing the Sums to be assessed on the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within their re-

4 speciive Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, should be enlarged:* May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p re lent Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the

Directors and Acting Guardians of the Poor within any Hundred, Town, or District, in that Part of Great

Britain called England, incorporated by any Act of Parliament for the Relief or Maintenance and Employ-

ment of the Poor, or for any other Persons, by whatsoever Name they are called or described, to whom is

given, by any such incorporating Act, the Power of appointing the Sum or Sums to be assessed on the feve-

ral Pari fhes, Hamlets, or Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns, or Districts, for the Mainte-

nance of the Poor, and other the Purposes of such Act, at any of their annual, quarterly, or other general

Meetings, whenever the Average Price of Wheat at the Corn Market in Mark Lane, London, for the Quar-

ter immediately preceding such annual, quarterly, or other general Meeting, shall have exceeded the Average

Price of Wheat at the fame Market during those Years from which the Average Amount of the Poor’s Rates

was taken upon the passing of the several incorporating Acts respectively, to aiiefs the several Parishes, Ham-

lets, and Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns, or Districts, which now are or usually have been

charged to the Poor’s Rates, in such respective Sums of Money as the said Directors and Acting Guardians,

or such other Persons as aforesaid, shall think necessary for defraying the Expences attending the Support and

Maintenance of the Poor for the current Quarter, and for paying the Interest of the Money borrowed and

due by virtue of the said respective Acts, and of any Debts which may have been incurred since the first Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Maintenance of the Poor, and for other the

Purposes of the said Acts, notwithstanding such Sums of Money so to be assessed should exceed the Amount

of the Assessments limited by such respective Acts of Parliament to be assessed on the respective Parishes,

Hamlets, and Places within such incorporated Hundreds, Towns, or Districts, in any one Year: Provided

always, that the Sums to be assessed, and the Afl'eflments to be made by virtue of this Act, in each respec-

tive incorporated Hundred, Town, or District, shall be assessed, made, collected, and paid in the fame Man-

ner, and subject to the fame Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, and Powers of Appeal, anci with the

like Powers and Remedies for compelling Payment thereof, as the Sums to be assessed, and the Afl'eflments

to be made, by virtue of the several incorporating Acts, are by those respective Acts directed to be assessed,

collected, and made within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts respectively incorporated by those

Acts: Provided also, that the Sums to be assessed by virtue of this Act, upon any Parish, Hamlet, or Place,

shall be in the fame Rates and Proportions as the Assessments which have hitherto been made and levied by

virtue of the said Act or Acts incorporating the several Hundreds, Towns, or Districts in which such Parishes,

Hamlets, or Places are respectively situated : And provided also, that, from and after the first Day of January

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Sums to be assessed, by virtue of this Act, on any Parish,

Hamlet, or Place, shall never exceed, in any one Year, the Amount of double the Sum at present raised by

Directors and

Ailing Guard-

ian* of the Poor,

incorporated by

Alls of Parlia-

ment, may, in

certain Calev,

make such Af-

feflinents as

may be neccfl^ry

for the Support

and Mainte-

nance of the

Poor, &c. not-

withstanding

theymayexceed

the Aflcfirncnu

limited by the

respettive Acts.

Afllflinents by

virtue of this

All to be made.

See. as those

under the incor-

porating Alts.

virtue of any incorporating Act now existing.

ait present

From Jan. 1,

1798, no AssessT-

ment to exceed

double the Sums

under the incorporating AlU.

e a p. XI.

An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving a certain Stinted Pasture, called Letncaster

, Marsh, ill the County Palatine of Lancaster.—[ 18 th December 179$-]

' ~ CAP. XII.

4. 4

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by way of Annuities.

[ 19th December 179 5. ]

c Mofl Gracious Sovereign, . . % ,

4 \X/E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-

4 W sembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your

4 Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved, that the Sum of eighteen Millions be raised by Annui-

4 ties, in Manner hereinafter mentioned j and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may

4 be enacted j’ &c. • x

44 Every Contributor of 100/. to be entitled to a Principal of 100/. in the 3 per Cents. Confols., and an act-

44 ditional Principal of 20/. therein, frbm July 5, 1793 ; a further Principal of 25/. in the 3 per Cents, Rc-

44 duced, and an Annuity of 6 s. 6d. for 64? Years, from 0<f/. 10, 1795* Annuities to be payable out of

44 the Consolidated Fund Half-yearly. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank may pay the

44 Remainder of their Subscriptions by Instalments. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. Contributors to

44 be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, but not till

44 SubfcriDtions are completed. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions by the Times herein

44 specified, to be entitled to the Annuities at certain Periods. Annuities payable at the Bank. The Bank

u to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to bq paid to the

4% Cathier. Cashier to pay Annuities without Delay, and the Accountant General to tnfpefthis Accounts.

Geo. III. _ Mm - 44 Cafbiec

