497

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 19

engrafted, printed, or written, by way of Penalty for not having before caused the fame to be duly stamped

according to the Directions of this ACt.

VI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That.where any Action shall be commenced against any

Person for engrossing, printing, or writing, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, contrary to the

Directions of this Act, which shall not be brought to the said Head Office to be stamped within one Calen-

dar Month after the Date thereof, and such Action shall be prosecuted with Effe£l, the fame shall not be

delayed, prejudiced, defeated, or barred, by reason of the Payment of any Duty or Penalty on (lamping the

fame, or of the fame being stamped, after the Commencement of such Action, but that the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs therein shall be entitled to recover as if such Duty and Penalty had not been paid, or such Stamp

or Stamps had not been put thereon after the Commencement of such Action.

Vn. And be it further enacted, That if any Person (hall-add any Word in any such Indenture, Lease,

Bond, or other Deed, after the Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners shall have calculated the

Duty payable thereon, and before the fame shall be duly stamped, according to the Directions of this Act,

or shall alter any Word or Letter in any Writing hereby required to be made, by the Officer to be appoint-

by the Lid Commissioners, on the Margent of such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, after such

Officer shall have signed the fame according to the Directions of this Act, or shall knowingly utter or

publish as true any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, with such VVord added thereto, or any

such altered Writing, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or

Persons, then and in such Cafe every Person so adding, altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be' it further enabled, 7’hat all Powers, Provifocs, Articles, Clauses, Allowances, and all

Matters and Things prescribeJ or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the

Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and

Effect, with relation to the several Matters and Things by this Act prescribed or directed, and shall be

applied and put in Execution for the enforcing the Regulations of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted.

IX. And be it further enacted, Th'at one M<

posed shall, if sued for within-the Space of four Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or For-

feitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full

oiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby im-

fe 1 mm “ ~ ......

Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid; and

which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at JVcflminster, for Offences com-

mitted in England, or in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland,

*>y Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more

than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty* Attorney General

m England, or his Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such

Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to (lay all further Proceedings, by

entering a Noli Projtqui, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture

claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in default of Prosecution within the Time herein-

before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his

Majesty’s Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the

Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; and in every Cafe where such Information shall

be prosecuted as aforesaid, the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, Incurred as

aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of his Ma-

jesty’s Receiver General of Stamp Duties for the Tunc being, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the con-

trary notwithstanding; and that, in any Cafe where the Whole of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be

recovered, to the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners

to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of the Penalties or Forfeitures so

recovered, after dedudling all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout,

to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto, as an Informer or Informers,

in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding. __ , , , ,

XI. And be it further enacted, 1 hat, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies that

shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Duties imposed by any former Acts of

Parliament, on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any

Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, in pursuance of any such*

Act or Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any of them, the Sum of thirty-nine thousand one

hundred and’ fifty-one Pounds and five Shillings, being one-fourth Part of the Sum of one hundred and

fifty-six thousand six hundred and five Pounds, the annual average Produce for three Years, ending the first

Day of Auzujl one thousand (even hundred and nipetv-four, of the Whole of the said Duties, shall Quar-

rly, on the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of

iary, in every Year, during the Period of ten Yeais, be set apart from the Remainder of the said

lies; and that after setting apart at the said Receipt of Exchequer, at the End of each such Quarter,

Che S\im of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-one Pounds and five Shillings, the said Remainder of

the said Monies arising, or to arise, of the said several Duties imposed by the said former Acts, or so much

37 Geo. HI. 3T thereof

A ft ions brought

for engrofTing

Indentures, Ac.

contrary to this

Act, not to

be defeated by

Payment of the

Duty, Ac. after

Action com-

menced.

Penalty of 100 L

for adding to In-

dentures, Ac.

after the Duty

has been calcu-

lated, and before

lUmpt, Ac.

All Powers, Ac.

in Acts relating

to Sump Duties,

not hereby alter-

, tobv applied

to this Act.

r

Application and

Recovtry of Pe-

nalties sued for

in four Months*

Where Penalty

appears to have

been incurred

without Fraud,

Proceedings

may be stopt.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties, not

sued for in four

Months.

Penalties to his

Majesty to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver, General

of Stamp Duties.

Informers may

be rewarded out

of Penalties to

his Majesty.

Application of

Duties on In-

dentures, Ac.

under former

Acts. *'

[39,151/. 5#.

(bevfg one Iguar*

ter ej 156,605/.

the average An-

nual Produce for

three Tears to

August 1,1794»J

to he jet apart at

the Exchequer

quarterly', end

the Remainder

applied to this

Tear's Rtvtnue.']

