36

C. 13

tricesimo auinto G

III.

795

The following

additional Du-

ties to be pa;d iri

Great Britain:

c cafioned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

‘ to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily rel'olved to give and grant unto your

‘ Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein-after respectively mentioned j* and do therefore most

humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

pretent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several

Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already impoled for or in respect

thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned \ that is to

say,

# % • v

For and upon all Tea which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be fold in Great Britain by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, a Duty of seven Pounds ten Shil-

lings per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which fuen Tea shall be fold, to be paid by the

Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Com-

pany to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being :

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony

or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse

in which the fame shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing

the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity,

and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a Duty of Sixpence Halfpenny:

For Tea (old by

the Eart India

Company, 71.

10s per Cent.

“upon the Price.

For Cocoa Nuts

of The Growth of-

Dritith Colonies

in America, de-

livered out of

Warchcufcs, for

Home Con-

which all the Duties shall not have been paid by Feb. 23, 1795, 6d. aq. per lb. 5

and of the

Growth of any

other Flace,

2 s. 8d. per lb.

For Coffee so

delivered, 6 d.

aq. per lb.

Duty on Tea to

be deemed an

Inland Duty,

and drawn back

on Exportation j

and the Duties

on Tea, Cocoa

Nuts, and Cof-

fee, to be levied,

Ac. agreeable to

Acts relating to

the Excise.

Prize Tea fold,

and Prize Cof-

fee and Cocoa

Nuts taken out

of Warehouses

to be consumed,

liable to the ad-

ditional Duty.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, im-

ported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the fame shall have

been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon,

for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties

payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-five, a Duty of one Shilling and eight Pence:

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain, and which shall be de-

livered out of the Warehouse in which the fame shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the

proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon, for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any

greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before

the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a Duty of Sixpence Half-

penny. 7 ' •

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this Act imposed for or

in respect of Tea shall be deemed and taken to be an Inland Duty, and be under the Management of the

Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the Exporta-

tien of such Tea to any Place where.a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law, upon the

fame Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the same Rules, Regulations, Rcftridtions,

Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established,

by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of pailing this Act, and relating to the Exportation

of Tea; and the said Rules, Regulations, Rcftridtions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall

be, and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in Execu-

tien, upon such Exportation of any such Tea ; and that the said respective Duties by this Act imposed for or

in respect of Tea, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, respectively, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by such

Persons, and under such Management, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Redac-

tiens, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, orefta-

bli(hedxby any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, and relating to the Ex-

cife Duties payable for or in respect of Tea, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, respectively ; and the said Rules, Re-

gulations, Reftridtions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively,(nall be, and the fame respec-

tively are hfreby directed to be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for the railing, levying, collec-

ting, and paying, the said respective Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of 'Lea, Cocoa Nuts, and

Coffee, respectively, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules, Regulations, Rcftridtions,

Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in

this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize,

and fold byxthe Captors or their Agents, pursuant to the Rules,' Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed by

an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. Ail Afl for the Relief

of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to'the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be

iubject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act impoled on Tea ; and that all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts

taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse in

which the fame shall have been secured, in pursuance of the said Act, to be confirmed in this Kingdom, shall

afo be subject and liable to the additional Duties'by this imposed for or in respect of Coffee and Cocoa

Nuts lespectively imported. ...

• —

