2l6

19 Geo. III.

Ca^j 67,

20 Geo. III.

Cap. 23) and

21 Geo. III.

Cap. 15, recited.

Provisions of the

two last recited

Acts to extend

to Spanish and

Dutch Prizes

made during the

Hostilities

therein men-

tioned.

Oath of having

paid Monies

claimed by the

Governors of

Greenwich

Hospital) pre-

vious to palTing

this Act, to be

Proof.

Agents for Prize

Money under

recited Acts

having paid over

Monies before

May 1, 1795,

not liable to

Demands of

Greenwich

of'pital.

C. 121. ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

% # 9 ~ *

44 Mr. Mash towards the Lottery 1794; 1,500/. for the Veterinary College* 848,915 /. 45. 2d* 3y. to

<4 complete the Sum granted out of the Consolidated Fund for 1794. 744,057/. nr. 1 d* for Deficiency

<4 of Grants for 1794. By 34 Geo. III. Cap. 49. 146,843/. 10 s, 10 d. was appropriated to be paid to

4* Reduced Officers ior 1794: The Overplus of which Sum may bedisposed of to Officers maimed, isfc, as

his Majesty shall direct.

•

^ 9

CAP.. CXXI.

At Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, intituled, An Ai1 to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-

ment^ intituled, “ An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and ef-

<c feftual Manning His Majesty's Navy f and for making further Provisions for those Pur-

• pojfes \ and also an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and ef-

fectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for

His Majesty’s Navy. — [26th June 1795.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning

4 his Majesty's Navy, the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers,

4 on board every Ship and Vefiel of War in his Majesty’s Pay, are entitled to the foie Interest and Property"

4 of and in all and every Ship, Vefiel, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they had taken since the twenty-

4 ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or should thereafter take during the Con-

4 tinuance of Hostilities against France, (being first adjudged lawful Prize,) to be divided in such Proportions

4 and Manner as in his Majesty’s Proclamation therein mentioned was directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs

4 and Successors, should direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be iftlied, ana divers Provi-

4 fions, Directions, and Regulations were thereby enacted for the better carrying the Purposes of the said

4 Act into Execution: And whereas in and by another Act, made and passed in the twentieth Year of his

4 present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled

4 44 An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty* s Navy ;’

4 and for making further Provisions for those Purposes ; and in and by another Act, made and passed in the

4 twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and

* the more fbeedy and effectual Manning his Majestfs Navy, certain Provisions were made for the Distribu-

4 tien and Payment of Prize and Bounty Money, to arise from Spanish and Dutch Ships and Vessels to be

4 captured by such Ships and Vessels as should be commissioned by Letters of Marque; but no sufficient

4 Provisions or Regulations were contained in the two last mentioned Acts respecting such Spanish and Dutch

4 Ships and Vessels as should be captured by his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of VVar, in like Manner as hath

4 been usually done in other Cafes of the like Kind in former Acts of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem -

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all

the Provisions and Regulations in the said two last mentioned Acts shall be deemed and taken to extend to

all such Spanish and Dutch Prizes as were made by any of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War, during

the Hostilities mentioned in the said two last mentioned Acts respectively, as fully, amply, and efteftualiy,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Provisions and Regulations had been therein and thereby

expressly applied to such Spanish and Dutch Prizes so captured by any of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of

War as aforesaid, and that no Lapse of Time shall incur or be pleadable in Bar of the Demands which may

hereafter be made by the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in

the County of Kent, under and by virtue of the said Acts as hereby amended, but from the passing of this

Act of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case any Demand shall be made by the said

Commissioners and Governors against any Persons or Person for or in respect of any Money which shall

be claimed by the said Commissioners and Governors as veiled in them by virtue of this Act, and any

Qyeftion shall arise whether any Sums or Sum of Money demanded in such Suit have or has been paid

previous to the passing of this Act to any Persons or Person entitled or claiming to be entitled to receive,

the fame, it shall be lawful for the Persons or Person, against whom any such Demand shall be made, to

discharge themselves, himself, or herself, thereof, by their, his, or her Oath, declaring that such Sums or

Sum of Money had been so paid to the Knowledge or Belief of such Persons or Person without producing

other Proof of actual Payment thereof. » . . < ’ V

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any Person appointed an Agent for any Prize

Money under the said recited Acts respectively, or the Representatives of any such Person, shall appear to

have fairly and bona fide paid over, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

any Money in his, her, or their Hands, arising from such Prize Money, to any other Persons or Person

duly appointed to be Agents or Agent, jointly or severally, for the lame Prize Money, such Persons or

Person who shall have so paid over such Money, his, her, or their Executors or Adtninistrators, shall not

by virtue of this Act be made liable to any Demands of the said Commissioners and Governors in respect of

any Money so paid over as aforesaid.

; ‘ . i 6 . * IV. Provided

