288

So much of 8

Goo. I. Cap. 12.

as relates to Im-

portation of

Wood, See.

from America,

Duty-free, con-

tinued to Sept.

*9, 1802, Sec,

So much of 8

Gro. I. Cap. 75.

as relates to

Encouragement

of Silk Manu-

fadturcs of this

Kingdom, and

to taking off fe-

vtral Duties on

Merchandize

exported, con-

tinued to June

24, 180*,

C. 40. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the

Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America \ to the En-

couragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Mer-

chandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the preventing the clandestine

Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the

Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of

Cochineal and Indigo; to the granting a Bounty'on certain Species of British and

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreigrv

Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Pro-

vince of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by

lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price

of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate-, to the more effectual Encouragement of

the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain \ to the allowing the Import-

ation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extrading Oil, whenever the Prices of

Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing a Draw-

back of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant

Ships in their Voyages; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and pre-

venting Frauds relating to the Customs; to the further Punishment of Persons going,

armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the free Im-

portation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations,

in America; and to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England*

[24th March 1796.J

e WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and bene-

c VV ficial, and are near expiring be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of an Act, made in the eghth Year

of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An del for giving further Encouragement for the Import-

ation cf Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and

Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his

Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever,

which was to be in Force for twenty-one Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and twenty-two, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth,

and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth, twelfth,

nineteenth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until

the twenty-ninth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufac-

tures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the

Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all

Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the two Corporations of

Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to lingle Damages and Coftsof Suit, as

relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Du-

ties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the First, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-

second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the sixth, fourteenth, twenty-

second, and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty-

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day

cf June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament. ’ ' A if 1

