A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimoo&avo Georgii III.

C. 7^*

841

Ad not to ex-

tend to Vessels

failing from Fo-

reign Forts, Sec.

if there shall not

be any Convoy

appointed.

Admiralty to

give Notice in

the Gazette, Sec.

that Masters

shall have on

board Flags to

answer Signals,

without which

they shall not

not be cleared

Outwards.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded or No Feetobe

received for any Licence granted in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act. ,taken for Li*

cences to fail without Convoy.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to any Ship or Vessel failing or departing without Convoy from any Foreign Port or Place, nor

to subject the Master thereof, or any other Person, to any of the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penal,

ties, or Forfeitures, hereby prescribed, directed, and imposed, in case there shall not be any Convoy ap-

pointed for such Ships or Vessels, nor any Person or Persons at such Foreign Port or Place, duly author-

ized by the Lord High ^Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord

High Admiral for the l ime being, or any three or more of them,-to appoint Convoys for such Ships or

Vessels, or to grant Licences to such Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without Convoy.

IX. And be it further enacted, 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral of

Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing -the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being,

or any three or more of them, or such Person as shall be duly authorized by him or them, or any three or

more of them, for that Purpose, to give Notice that all Matters and other Persons having the Charge or

Command of any Ships or Vessels which are by this Act required not to fail or depart without Convoy,

shall have on board their respe£live Ships or Vessels such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials as shall be ne-

ceflary for the Purpose of distinguishing such Ships or Vessels, and of enabling such Matters or other Per-

fons to answer the Signal or Signals made by the Captain or other Officer in his Majesty’s Navy intruded

with the Care of such Convoy; such Flags, Vanes, or other Materials to be provided by such Masters

and other Persons having the Charge and Command of any Ships or Vessels which are required by this Act

not to fail without Convoy; which Notice shall be inserted in the London Gazette, and transmitted to the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland, in order to the fame being by them sent

to the Principal Officers of the Customs at the several Ports for the Information of the Persons concerned,

and that after such Notice no such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to be cleaned Outwards until it shall

appear, to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Customs, that the Ship is provided with such Flags,

Vanes, or other Materials.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually

Manning his MajeJlfs Navy, as ena<5s, That if the Captain of any Merchant Ship under Convoy shall

wilfully disobey Signals or lnftrudlions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy,

or shall desert the Convoy without Notice given and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to

be articled against in the High Court of Admiralty, at the Suit of the Crown, for Disobedience to the

Orders of the Convoy, and upon Conviction thereof shall be fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in

any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, and shall fuft’er such Imprisonment, not exceeding one Year,

as the said Court shall adjudge, shall be painted on a Hoard, and affixed on some conspicuous and conve-

nient Part of every Ship or Vessel which by this Act is required not to fail or depart without Convoy; and

that in Default thereof every Master or other Person, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or

Vessel, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

every Vessel required to fail with Convoy, on Penalty of 501.

XI. And be it further ena£led, That if any Ship or Vessel, which by this Act is required not to fail or Mailers of Vef-

depart without Convoy, shall be in imminent Danger of being boarded or taken Pollcflion of by the

Enemy, the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship, shall make Signals, by

firing Guns, or otherwise, to convey Information of his Danger to the Rest of the Convoy, as well as to

the Ships of War under the Protection of which he is failing; and that in case of such Ship being boarded

and taken Possession of, he shall destroy all Instructions confided to him relating to the Convoy; and every

Master, or Person having the Charge and Command of such Vessel, who shall negletSl to make such Signals,

or shall wilfully omit to destroy such Instructions as before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

a Sum not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained with respe£l to

Ships or Vessels failing or departing without Convoy, or afterwards deferring, or wilfully separating or de-

parting from such Convoy, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel which shall fail

or depart from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them, for or on Ac-

count of such Sailing or Departure, on or before the htth Day of Augiift one thousand (even hundred and

ninety*eight, or from any other Port or Place in Europe, on or before the fifth Day of September one

thousand leven hundred and ninety-eight, or from any other Port or Place in the West Indies, or any other

Part of America, on or before the fifth Day of October one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, or

from any Port or Place in Africa or Asia, on or before the fifth Day of November one thousand ieven hun-

dred and ninety-eight. ‘and in Africa or Asia, Nov. 5, 1798.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby Recovery and*

imposed, as far as the fame relate to Ships,or Vessels failing without Convoy, or wilfully separating or de- Application of

parting from such Convoy, or to Insurances, shall (if sued for within the Space of one Year from the Time sued ibr within

38 CrEO. III. 5 Q- iz

So much of

35 Geo. 3. c 66.

as makes Cap-

tains under

Convoy liable to

be articled in

the Court of

Admiralty for

disobeying Sig-

nal*, Sec. shall

be painted on a

Hoard and affix-

on some con-

fpicuous Fart of

fels in Dangcrof

being boarded

an Enemy, to

make Signals t<o

the Rest of the

Convoy, and if

boaided, to de-

stroy instruc-

tiens, on Pe-

nalty of 100L

Time of Com-

mencement of

Act as to Vef-

fcls failing from

Guernsey, Sec.

Aug 5; from

any other Fort

in Europe, Sept.

5; in the Well

Indies or Ame-

rica, Odl. 5;

