57^

Note, contain-

ing his Name

and Abode, in

order to obtain

a Certificate.

Certificates to

be entered with

the proper Of-

ficer of the

Court, who shall

be paid i s. for

the Entry.

Books of Entry

may be impell-

gratis.

When such Cer-

tificates rtiaJl

bear Date, and

when deter- "

mine.

Certificates

granted before

Nov. i, 1797,

shall cease on

that Day j and

on such Certifi-

cates being de-

livered to be

cancelled, an

Allowance of

Duty in Pro-

portion to the-

Period unexpir-

cd to be allowed.

Penalty for ail-

ing after Nov. 1,

1797, without a

Certificate, or

without enter-

ing it, or for de-

livering in a

Place of Rest-

dence contrary

to the Direllions

of 25 Geo. 3.

c. So.

From Nov. 1,

1797, Persons

neglecting to

obtain Certifi-

cates for a Year

incapable of

prallifing; but

they may be re-

admitted on

Payment of the

Duty and a

Penalty.

Exceptions.

C. 90

Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgi III

A.D. 1797.

appointed by them, at the Head Office of Stamps in Middkfexy a Paper or Note, in Writing, containing

the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person; and thereupon, and upon Payment of the Duties

by the said Act imposed, according to the Place of his Residence described in such Paper or Note, in Writ-

ing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate, duly stamped, to denote the Payment of the Duty

by the said A<$1 imposed, according to the Place of Residence described as aforesaid; which Certificate the

said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall cause

to be immediately issued, under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in such Form as the said Com-

missioners shall devise. /

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid, shall be entered

in one of the Courts in which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn, or registered,

with the respective Officer or Officers of the said Courts, appointed by the said Act to grant Certificates of

Enrolment, Admission, or Register, within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, or before such Person shall be

permitted to practise as aforesaid; and the said respective Officers shall, and they are hereby respectively

required, from Time to Time, upon Payment of the Fee of one Shilling, to enter in alphabetical Order the

Names of the Persons described in such respective Certificates, together with the Places of such their Refi-

dence as aforesaid, and the respective Dates of such Certificates, in Books or Rolls to be prepared for that

Purpose, to which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at seasonable

Times have free Access without Fee or Reward. ’ ' . —

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by virtue of this Act, between the first

Day of November in any Year, and the End of the then next Michaelmas Term, shall bear Date on the second

Day of November in such Year; and every Certificate issued at any other Time shall bear Date on the Day

on which the fame shall be ififued ; and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the first Day of

November then next following. , - > ,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate granted, or which shall be granted at any

Time before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by virtue of the said

recited Act, and in the Manner therein mentioned, shall cease and determine on the first Day of November

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and any Person who shall deliver any Certificate granted after

the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be granted before the first Day

of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then in Force, to the said Commissioners at

their said Office, or to any Person appointed by them to receive the same, to be cancelled, shall be entitled

to an Allowance of Duty in Proportion to the Period then unexpired of the Time for which such Certificate

was granted; which Allowance the said Commissioners or their respective Officers are hereby authorized

and required to compute and pay to the Person delivering such Certificate to be cancelled, and the fame

may be paid out of any Duties in their Hands, or in case any of the Persons bringing any Certificate to be

cancelled shall require a new Certificate for the ensuing Year, then to dedudl the fame out of the Duties to

be paid for such new Certificate. sTBbS

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand (even hun-

dred and ninety-seven, if any Person shall in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons,

sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend, any Action or Suit, or any

Proceedings in any of the Courts aforesaid, for or in Expedition of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, or shall do

any Act in any of the said Courts as an Attorney, Solicitor, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, of such

Court, without obtaining a Certificate in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or without entering the fame in

one of the Courts aforesaid, wherein such Person shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn, or registered, as Solici-

for, Attorney, Notary, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, or shall deliver in to any Person at the said Head

Office, any Account, containing a Place of Residence as the Place of his Residence, contrary to the Di-

rt- _ r .l r 1 a n. .1__________... nr.L V”_____r .1_n _r_c l ___n* n ._ r.• 1 , r

.HI , I nee, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made inca,&jible

to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the recovering any r ee.

Reward, or Disbursement, on Account of prosecuting, carrying on, or defending any Action, Suit, or

Proceeding, or having prosecuted, carried on, or defended, any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, or any Matter

or Thing relating thereto, without such Certificate as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered, in any

of the said Courts as aforesaid, who, from and after the said first Day of November, shall neglect to obtain

his Certificate thereof, in the Manner before directed,_for the Space of one whole Year,Thall from thence-

forth be incapable of practising in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Kerloi ,

CourtsVby virtue of tuch Admission, Entry, Enrolment, or Register; and the Admission, Entry, Enrol-

ment, or Register, of such Person in any of the said Courts, (Sail be from thenceforth null and void: Pro-

vided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to prevent any of the said Courts from

re-admitting any such Person on Payment to the said Commissioners of the Duty accrued since the Expira-

tien of the lait Certificate obtained by such Person, and such further ~ ~l 1 r 1 rT* 1111-1

the find-Court shall

oney

en

as

rovided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be

construed to include within the Regulations of this Act respecting such Persons as last aforesaid, any Person

who is exempted by the Privisions of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, from the Payment of the

XXXILAnd

_ 0 w

Duty imposed thereby.

