Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Persons enrol-

led, appearing

at the Time and

Place appointed

far Exercise,

shall be entitled

to two Guineas

above their Pay,

which the Re-

ceiver General

of the Land Tax

IhalJ pay to the

Commanding

Officer of

Troops.

Nptice of the

Time and Place

of. Exercise fh,dl

be sept by the*

Clerk of the Ge-

neral Meeting to

the Chief Cqn-

stables to for-

ward tq the

Constables to

affix it on the

Church Doors,

and the Provi-

to all the Officers, Non-com missioned Officers, and Private Men of the fame, in all Cafes whatsoever, but

so as no Punishment Shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb*

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry of any County,

Riding, or Place, who Shall appear at the Time and Place appointed for Exercise, according to the Di-

rections of this Act, Shall be entitled to the Sum of two Guineas, over and above his Pay, to be allowed

during the Exercise, and the Receiver General of the Land Pax for such County, Ricing, or Place, is here-

by required, on Receipt of the Certificate of the Commanding Officer, of the Numoer of Men attending

such Exercise, as hereinafter is directed, to pay to the Captains or Officers commanding Troops respectively,

the said Sum for the Use of every Person of the Paid Cavalry so attending, and one Guinea of each Sum so

received by any Captain or Officer commanding any 7'roop, or so much thereof as he Shall think proper,

Shall be laid out in the Manner he Shall think moll advantageous for therel'pedive Persons of the said Cavalry,

and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall forthwith pay the other Guinea of the said Money to the Per-

fons respectively, and shall, before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise, account to such

Person how the first-mennoned Guinea hath been applied and disposed of.

XL And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty Shall have appointed the Time or Times of

afiemhlirg the Provisional Cavalry of any County, Riding, or Place, for the Purpose of being trained and

exercised. Notice of the Time and Place of such Exercise lnall be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings

of Lieutenancy to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the said Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapen-

takes, or other Divisions, with Di red ions to forward the fame to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head-

boroughs, or other Officers, within their rcfi>edive Jurisdictions, who respectively shall cause such Notice

as afore said to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes,

Tythings, or Places, or (where there Shall be no Church or Chapel) on the Door of the Church or Chapel

of fomc Parish, Tything, or Place thereunto adjoining ; and all such Provisional Cavalry, being furnished

with such Cloathing and Horse Furniture as isdireded by the said Acts, and also with a Mare or Gelding fit

for Military Duty, shall attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notice.

fionai Cavalry, properly furnished, shall attend accordingly.

Provisional Ca-

valry may be

billetted as the

Militia.

Persons ordered

to be trained

may be ordered

by his Majesty

to be embodied.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the Officers and Private Men

serving in the Provisional Cavalry, at the Times when they shall be called out to be trained and exercised,

in such Houses and upon such Persons as the Militia may by Law be quartered and billetted during the

Times of their annual Exercise. /r /'

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons enrolled as aforesaid, who shall not be em-

bodied, but shall be ordered to be trained and exercised for the Time herein mentioned, whether such Per-

fons shall attend such training and exercising or not, bs liable to be embodied whenever his Majesty (hill

think fit; and that the Persons appointed or ballotted to provide for the Service required by the said Acts, in

the County, Riding, or Piece, where such training and exercising Shall be ordered, shall at all 'Times, when

not ordered to be so trained or embodied, also be liable from Time to Time to the like Services as any other

Persons enrolled in the Provisional Cavalry are liable to in virtue of the said former Acts or this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, within twenty Days from the passing of this

Act, a sufficient Number of Officers respectively qualified in the Manner required by the Laws relating to

the Militia, shall not be found to accept Commissions in the Provisional Cavalry, it shall be lawful for his

Majesty to appoint for that Service any Officer or Officers of the Army, whether on Full or Half Pay, or

any Person or Persons who have had Commissions in the Army or Militia, and have retired therefrom, or

who have served in any of the Land Forces of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies>

and who have either returned therefrom or are resident in Great Britain with the Leave of the said United

Company, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, as to his Majesty shall seem fit.

If within a li-

mited Time 3

sufficient Norn-

h r cf qualified

Officers (Tull

not be found,

his Majesty may

appoint Officers

01 the Ai my, or

from it or the Militia, or East India Officer*, though not qualified.

Receiver Gene-

ral shall act-

vanccanyMoney

legally directed

to be paid, and

certify the fame

to the Commis-

sioners for exe-

cuting Cap. 41.

of this Session,

which ftuil be

arteflKl as herein

mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the parting of this Act, it shall be lawful for the

Receiver General to advance, out of any Monies in his Hands as such Receiver General, and pay to any

Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, any Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid on Account

of the said Provisional Cavalry, either by the said Acts or this Act, on delivering to him or his Deputy a

proper Certificate under the Hands of any two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, or any of

them, authorized to Act as Deputy Lieutenants in the Execution of the said Acts or this Act; which fever?!

Sums so to be advanced by such Receivers General, they shall from Time to Time, as such Advances shall

be made, cause to be certified under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective Deputies, to the

Commissioners for executing an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An A'l for repealing the

Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Males, and Dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other

Duties in lieu thereof-, and all such Sums so certified shall, by force and virtue of such Certificate, be aiTefied

on all and every the Persons liable to the Duties on Horses used for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any

Carnages mentioned in the said Act of the present Session, in proportion to, and according to the Number

of such Horses for which they shall respectively be charged by any Assessment to be made under and by vir-

tue of the said Act of the present Session, (except the Persons composing any Clals, which shall, by Contract

« : - . or

