V

832

counterfeit

Marks, See. to

be transported

for seven Years.

Manufactured

Gold of (he

Standard of 28

Carats in a

Pound Troy, to

be afiayed, &c.

except a* to the

Mark, as manu-

factured Gold of

the Standard of

2,2 Carats, and

to be subject to

the like Regu-

lations.

c. 26.

C. 69,70. Anno tricesimo cxftavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London ox Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham

or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or either of them, or shall

mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought Plate of Gold, or any Wares

of Silver, Brass, or other Metal, gilt over and resembling Plate of Gold, with any Mark or Stamp which

hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any Time, (either before, on, or after, the said first Day

of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,) in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark cr

Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by

the said Birmingham or Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or

either of them, or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one

Piece of wrought Plate to another, or to any Vessel of Silver, Brass, or other Metal, as aforesaid, any

Mark, Stamp, or Impression, made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as

aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or

Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or either of them, or shall fell,

exenange, or expole to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any wrought Plate of Gold, or any Veflelof

Silver, Brass, or other Metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impref-

fion thereon, or any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from

any other Piece of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or Impression, to be forged, counterfeited, or

transposed, or removed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be pofllflcd of any Mark or

Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of and to resemble any Mark or

Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by

the said Birmingham and Sheffield Companies, or by the said Wardens or Aflayer or Aflayers, or any or

either of them, every such Person offending in any such or either of the Cafes aforesaid, being thereoflaw-

fully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be tran(ported to such Parts beyond the Seas,

as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct, for the Space of seven Years.

VIII. And be it further enaCted, That all Gold Vessels, Plate, and Manufactures of Gold whatever, of

the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, shall be touched, allayed,

and marked with the several Marks directed to be used by this ACt, or by any ACt or ACts in force on and

immediately before the passing of this Act, in the marking of Gold Vessels, Plate, or Manufactures of Gold,

except the Mark of the Lien Passant, by the like Persons, at such Places, and under such Powers,

Authorities, Rules, and Regulations, and shall have and be under such Provisoes, Exemptions, Qualifica-

tiens, and Conditions, and shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and to the like Payments and

Rewards, Subtractions and Detentions, for or upon touching, assaying, and marking the fame, as Gold

Vessels, Plate, and Manufactures of Gold, of the Standard of twenty-two Carats of Fine Gold in every

Pound Weight Troy, may or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked, with the Marks required by

the Laws in force as aforesaid, or have, or are subject or liable to by an ACt, passed in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second *, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds

and Abuses in Geld and Silver Wares, or by any ACt or ACts therein recited or referred to, or by any

ether ACt or ACts in force on and immediately before the passing of this ACt, with relation to Gold

Plate wrought, made, or fold in, or exported out of this Kingdom; and that all the Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Methods, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things pre-

ferred or appointed by the said ACt of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or by any

ACt or Acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other ACt or ACts with relation to wrought Gold

Plate or Manufactures of Gold of the Standard of twenty-two Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight

Troy, and in force on and immediately before the passing of this ACt, (except where other Provisions are

exprolsly made by this ACt,) shall be observed, practised, applied, and put in Execution for the working,

making, touching, and assaying, all Gold Vessels, Plate, and Gold Manufactures of the Standard of eighteen

Carats of P ine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy, and in and for the making the same according to the

Directions of this ACt, and in and for the felling, exchanging, exposing to Sale, and exporting the fame,

or any of them; and in and for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred against the P'orm

of the said ACts, or any of them, or of this ACt, as fully and effectually as if the said several Powers,

Authorities, Rules, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Methods, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had

been repeated and re-enacted in this ACt, and had herein been expressly applied to such Gold Vessels,

Plate, and Manufactures of the Standard of eighteen Carats of Fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy

respectively. i j

CAP. LXX. J

An ACt for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

., [21ft June 1798. J

Statutes 35 Gto. 3. c* 35.5 36 Geo. 3. r. 116. 37 Geo. 3. c. h6.—This Act to continue till March

35> >799-] ‘ TlSmi

CAP.

