824

C.63.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798

Persons coun-

terfeiting or

using counter-

feit Licences or

Documents to

forfeit 5001.

No Fee to be

taken on Ac-

count of Appli-

cations for Li-

cences, or for

»ny Return or

XI. And be it further ena£ied, That if any Person or Persons {hall counterfeit or falsify any Licence or

other Document required or dire£ied to be obtained by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use

of any Licence or other Document so counterfeited or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit five hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, shall be demanded or

taken by the Oolle£Ior and Comptroller.of Douglas, or any other Officer or Person in the said Island, for or

in respect of any Applications made in the said Island, as herein provided, nor on Account of any Return

or Certificate of the due landing of Articles imported by Licence* in virtue of this or any former Act or

Acts, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds.

Certificate required, on Penalty «f 501. ' ,

The Masterof XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Foreign Brandy, or Geneva, or Wine,

shall be imported by Licence into the Isle of Man, in pursuance of this Act, the Master or Commander

of such Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported, shall deliver up to the Collector and Comp-

troller of the Customs at the Port of Douglas, the Licence or Licences by virtue of which such foreign

Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, shall be imported, which Licences, by Indorsement signed by the British Con-

ful at the Port of shipping, or if no British Consul, by two known British Merchants, shall speciiy the

Species and Quantity of Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, with the Marks, Numbers, and Deno-

mination of the Casks or Packages containing the fame, so shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, and the

Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall produce to all Commanders of his Majesty’s Cutters

or Vessels, or Officers of the Customs or Excise, who shall demand the fame, (so soon as he shall be within

four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man,) such Licences so indorsed, as

often as he shall be so called upon, until so delivered up to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas as*

aforesaid, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine.

within certain Limits when required, on Forfeiture of the Articles.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient to allow a Drawback of the Duty on British Hops, on the Ex-

4 portation thereof to the Isle of ManJ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the Exportation of any British Hops to the Isle of Man,

there shall be allowed the Drawback of the whole Duty paid thereon; and that instead and in lieu of the

Duty of two Pounds ten Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, now payable on Hops

imported into the said Isle of Man from Great Britain, there shall be raffed, levied, collected, and paid, a

Duty of one Penny Farthing per Pound Weight on all Hops so imported, and so in Proportion for any

greater or less Quantity. B*

the Vessel im-

porting Foreign

Brandy, Gene-

va, or Wine,

shall deliver to

the Collector,

tec. at Douglas

the Licence au.

thorizing such

Importation,

indorsed in the

Manner herein

mentioned;

and shall pro-

duce the fame

From July 5,

3798, on Ex-

portation of

Hops to the Isle

of Man, the

Drawback of the

Duty to be al-

lowed: id. 1 q.

per lb. to be

paid on Import-

ation instead of the former Duty.

5 Geo. 3. c. 43

XV. And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues

4 of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties, and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle

4 of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island,

4 under certain Rrjfriftions and Regulations, to Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth, being the Manufacture

4 of the Ife of Man J be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of jfitly one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, any Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth, being the Manufacture of the Ijle of

Man, shall be imported into Great Britain without Payment of any Duty of Customs Whatever; (ubject

nevertheless, in other Respects, to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are required by the before

recited Act, on the Importation of any Goods of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said

Island.

Cotton Yarn or

Cotton Cloth of

theManufadurc

of the Isle of

Man to he im-

ported into

Great Britain

free from the Duty of Customs, Sec.

And no Cotton XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

Yarn, &c. shall an(j ninety-eight, no Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth shall be imported or brought from any Port or Place

the* Tfl° of M a n° whatever into the said Ijle of Alan, except from Great Britain, on Forfeiture thereof.

except from Great Britain, on Forfeiture. 1 ' JS' U

NoBountytobe X VIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

allowed on the <jrej anj ninety-eight, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for or upon the Exportation from Great Britain

^XPshklManu to ifl* of an anV Manufacture of Silk whatever.

tatture to the Isle of Man.

No Drawback or XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed for or upon

Bounty to be aft- any Goot]s? Wares, or Merchandizes whatever, exported from this Kingdom to the Ijle of Man, nor any

Certifi c ate he re - Debenture made out for such Drawback or Bounty, until a Certificate shall be produced, under the Hanes

indeferibed be* and Seals of the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to attend the Landing or Examination

produced. of such Goods at the Port or Place in the said Island where the fame shall be landed, and also under the

Hand and Seal of the Colledior or Comptroller of such Port or Place, which Certificate shall specify that

such Goods have been duly entered and landed at such Port or Place in the said Island.

