728

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 32

A.D. 1798,

CAP. XXXII

An Act for increasing the Rates of Sti’ofistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on

quartering Soldiers.—[5th 1798.]. *

Mutiny Act

c. 23. of this

Session recited.

__________ and the 1 own of tierw-ck upon

Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Sol-

diers are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and

an Option is given to such Innholders and others, to furnish certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and

Non-commis-

fjoned Officers

and Soldiers, to

allow rod. per

Diem for Diet

and Small Beer

in Quarters in

England;

and for Articles

furnished gratis

in lieu of Diet,

ad. per Diem to

be allowed.

Non-com-

For Horses

quartered, xod.

aq. per Diem to

be paid for Hay

and Straw.

So much of re-

cited Act as re-

lates to fumiffi-

ing with Diet

Non-commis-

fioned Officers

and Soldiers on

a March, or recruiting, repealed

Non-commis-

, fioned Officers

and Soldiers to

receive their

Diet at the

Ratesprescribed

on their March,

.and.for two

Days after their

Small beer, at the Kates prelcribed : And whereas the t^ccanon or marening ana Quartering of Troops

4 has increased, and may continue, and the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in

c many Instances, become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distrefc

to such Innholders and others :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall befurnished with Diet and Small Beer

within the aforesaid Part of Great Britain, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non-com-

missioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said A&, shall pay and

allow for the fame Ten-pence per Diem ; and that the Accounts of the fame shall be rendered, and Payment

thereof made, in like Manner as is directed in the said A61 now in force touching the former Rates of Six-

pence per Diem for the Cavalry and Four- pence per Diem (or the Infantry. 5

II. And be it further eriadled, T hat in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any

missioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Act, fur-

ni(h such Non-com mi (fioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furmshing

Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates pteferibed by this Act, such Innholders or othei Persons on whom such

Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Article shall have been so

supplied, shall receive, in Consideration thereof. Two-pence per Diem for each Non-commissioned

Officer and Soldier, instead of furnishing the fame gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of

Two-pence per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like Manner as is directed touching the Rates

aforesaid, 9 w HH

further enacted, That the Sum to be pz*1 L L M 1L -

lging to his said Majesty’s Forces m

and Straw, shall be Ten-pence Halfpenny per Diem for each Horse, instead of Sixpence per Diem as directed

in the said Act.

IV. 4 And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of diet-

4 ingNon-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Re-

4 cruits by them raifedj have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops as the Infl-

4 holders ;* be it further enaCted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnishing

Non-com miffiotyed Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the Recruits

by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

of the Horses belonging to his said Majesty’s Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, f »r Hay

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive

their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, at the Rates

herein-before prescribed, while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of

their final Destination, and on the two subsequent Days, unless either of the two subsequent Days shall be a

Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the

Distance of two Miles thereof, in which Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Personas

aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish

Arrival at their m l‘eu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, and at the Rate herein-before prescribed.

Destination, units* a Market Day happens, from which Time the other Articles to be furnished in lieu.

..... VI. Provided always. That if any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Detachment, when on the March,

A Marc if. Non- shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned

com mi {Honed Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-

Officers and fons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such Time only for which they

Soldiers enticed woujj be entitled to recti ve the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to

10 Diet and thi- aa ' “ " j 2| CKf Jj

Small Beer as HllS ACC. ' Hl^JI

after arriving at their Destination:

And if such VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company, or

Halting be only Detachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is

ior a Day after 9 9

