474

C. 6.

and on the

Class, for not

providing them

before the next

Mutter.

Penalty on Per-

fons appointed

or chosen by

fialiot to provide

Men, who shall

not appear to be

enrolled, or pro-

vide Substitutes.

Penalty on Per

Tons appointed

to provide

Mart*, Sec. neg<

lecting to pro-

vide, or main-

tain and pro-

duce them At

for Military

Duty.

Penalty on Per-

fons chosen by

Ballot to pro-

vide a Mare,

Arc. for a like

Default before

embodying the

Forces, and on

the Class, if not

provided within

J4 Days after

Notice ol such

Default, Sec.

Penalty on Per-

forms providing a

Mar*., Sec. not

approved, and

possessed of one

fit for Service,

and who shall

not provide a

fit one in a li-

mited Time.

Substitutes, le-

fore ordered to

be drawn cut,

may give Notice

of intention to

rtfign, and shall

be dilchar^,

on the Principal

producing an

other Substi-

tute. Ac.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Duties therein contained; and if after Default so made, the several Persons composing the fame Class, with

the Person so making Default, shall not, before the next Mutter to be had after Notice in Writing given of

such Default, provide and produce proper Cloathing and Furniture to be used as aforesaid, then the several

Persons composing that Class shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Shillings; which Sum shall beattelled

upon them rateably in proportion to the Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, included in that Class

for which each such Person is charged to the said Duties; and the said several Propoitions of such Fine shall

be added to their respe£iive Assessments, and levied and accounted for together with the Duties therein re-

spe£ively contained. '

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed or chosen by Ballot, by virtue of this

Act, to provide one Man for the said Service, shall wilfully, and without any reasonable Excuse, to be al-

lowed as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and be enrolled to serve in the Ca-

valry, according to the Directions of this Act, or to provide a Substitute who shall be approved of, and who

shall take the said Oath and be enrolled as a Substitute; or if any Person appointed by virtue of this Act to

provide two or more Men for the said Service, shall refuse or neglect to provide Men, either by personal Ser-

vice for one of such Men, or by a Substitute for each Man to be provided, who shall respectively be ap-

proved of, and take the said Oath and be enrolled as aforesaid; every Person so refuting or neglecting shall

forfeit and pay, for and in respect of each Man so to be provided, the Sum of fifteen Pounds; which Fine

and Penalty shall be added to the last Aflettcnent of such Person, and (hull be levied and accounted for toge-

ther with the Duties contained therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed by virtue of this Act to provide any

Mare or Gelding, or any Number of Mares or Geldings, for the said Service, shall wilfully and without any

reasonable Excuse, to be allowed as aforesaid, refule or neglect to provide the full Complement of Mares or

Geldings by him or her appointed to be provided, which shall respectively be approved at a Mutter to be

taken in pursuance of this Act; or having provided such Mare or Gelding, or such Number of Mares or

Geldings, shall neglect or refuse to maintain and keep his or her full Complement of Mares or Geldings (o

appointed to be provided, and to produce the fame in a Condition fit for Military Duty, to be approved at

every successive Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Adfc, before such l ime as the said Forces shall be

actually embodied, every such Person shall, for every Mare or Gelding, of whxh Default shall be made as

aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be added to the last Assessment of such Person, and

levied and accounted for together with the Duties therein contained.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to provide any Mare or Geld-

ing for the said Service, shall refuse or negiect to provide a Mare or Gelding which shall be approved of at a

Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this Act, or having provided such Mare or Gelding shall neglect or refuse

to maintain and keep a Mare or Gelding, and to produce the fame in a Condition fit for Military Duty, to

be approved at every successive Mutter to be taken in pursuance of this ACt, before such Time as the said

Forces shall be actually embodied, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, which

Sum shall De added to the last Assessment of such Person, and levied and accounted lor together with the Du-

ties therein contained; and if after Default so made, the several Persons composing the fame Class with the

Person so making Default, shall not, within the Space of fourteen Days alter Notice in Writing given of

such Default, provide and produce a Mare or Gelding at every fuccclfive Mutter to be taken in pursuance of

this Act, in a Condition fit for Military Duty, to be approved as aforesaid, and maintain and keep the fame

according to the Directions of this Act, then the several Persons composing that Class shall forfeit and pay

the Sum of fifteen Pounds, which Sum shall be aflefi' upon them rateably in proportion to the Number of

Mares or Geldings included in that Class for which each such Person is charged to the said Duties, and the

said several Proportions of such Fine (h ill be added to their last respective Assessments, and levied and ac-

counted for together with the Duties therein respectively contained.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, providing aoy Mare or Geldin;

at any Mutter which shall not be approved by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall have been poflefle

at the Time of any other Mare or Gelding, Mares or Geldings, fit for Service, and shall not, within four-

teen Days from the Time of the Mare or Gelding provided by him or her being rejected, have provided an-

other Mare or Gelding which shall be approved, such Person, on Proof that he or she had in his or her Pof-

session a Mare or Gelding, Mares or Geldings, which shall appear to the Satisfaction of two or more De-

puty Lieutenants to have been at the Time actually fit for Service, shall forfeit and lose such Sum of Money

as (nail be fixed determined by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five

Pounds for each ftlare or Gelding of which Default shall be made, to be added to the Assessment of such

Person, and accounted for together wi*h the Duties therein contained.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person en-

rolled to serve by virtue of this Act as a Substitute, at any Time bt fore he shall be ordered to be drawn out

orembodied, to give Notice in Writing of his Intention to resign, to any one or more of the Deputy Lieu-

tenants or justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, acting for the Subdivision for which he

shall serve; and such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace shall iilue a Summons to the Person or Per-

fons for whom such Substitute shall have served, to appear at the next Meeting to be holden lor such Sobdt-

vision, and to produce another Substitute, who shall be approved, and shall be enrolled and sworn as aforesaid ;

and thereupon the Person so reiigning shall be entitled to his Discharge, and which shall be made out in

Writing under the Hands of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace: Provided that

SK>

0

