386

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

and may call fcr

the last Assessf-

mer.t to the

Land Tax from

the Clerk, who

shall produce it,

and'give

Copies, on Pe-

nalty of zo 1.

Commi (lionets

to appoint an

Adjutant to

each Regiment,

who, if from the

Army, (hill

preserve his

Rank, and may

hold a Subal-

tern’s Com-

rnittion, and

have Brevet

Rank of Cap-

tain, without

the requisite

Qualification,

A Surgeon,

Quarter Matter,

and Regimental

Clerk, to be ap-

pointed.

Vo Adjutant,

ire. to be Cap-

tain of a Com-

pany. Regimen

_ _ $ __________ «.

the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby further authorized to make, assess, levy, and raise the /aid

Rates, and alfothe Proportion of the Trophy Tax of such Ward, the Alderman, or Deputy, and Common

Councilmen of which shall make such Default, in like Manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as

the said Alderman, or Deputy, and Common Councilmen are hereby empowered to make, raile, lefly, and

assess the fame; and the better to enable the said Commissioners to make the said Rates, and assess the said

Tax, they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they find it requisite and necessary so to do, to call upon

the Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City of London to produce before them the Book

or Books containing the last Assessment or Aflelfments to the Land Tax upon each and every of the Wards

in the said City, and the said Clerk is hereby required to produce the fame when called upon, and alfa

to furnish the said Commissioners with Copies of such Parts thereof as may be by them required of him,

upon receiving a reasonable Compensation or Allowance for his Trouble therein; and in case he shall negledV

or refuse to produce such Book or Books, or fumifh such Copies, he shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal,

forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the said Commissioners shall apply the said

Rates, when received and recovered, in providing the Quota of Men, or so many of them as shall be want-

ing, for the Ward so neglecting or refusing, and to the other Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and shall appoint one proper Person

to be Adjutant to each Regiment of the said Militia, and such Person, if appointed out of his Majesty’s

other Forces, shall, during his Service in the said Militia, preserve his Rank in the same Manner as if he

utant a Commission of

_ auired by this Act for a

Lieutenant or Ensign and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on the Recommendation of the

Colonel or Commanding Officer of either Regiment, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment to the

Rank of Captain by Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served five Years in the Rank of Lieutenant, either

in the Militia or in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualifica-

tien required by this Act for Captains: Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Cap-

tain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the fame it shall be specified in what Regiment or Bat-

talion, and whether of the Militia or of his Majesty’s other Forces, such Adjutant hath served in the Rank

of Lieutenant, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also,

that no Adjutant so appointed to the Rank cf Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid,

or otherwise, be entitled to the Rank above, or to command any Captain of a Company in the said Militia,

nor shall, by virtue of such Appointment, be entitled to receive any greater Pay, than that of a Lieutenant,

together with his Pay as Adjutant.

XXI, And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may appoint a Surgeon and Quarter

Mastertoeach Regiment, and also a Regimental Clerk to each Regiment, who shall execute the Omce of

Pay Mailer: Provided always, that no Adjutant, Surgeon,.Quarter Master, or Regimental Clerk, shall

be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company; and no Person holding a Commission of Captain of

a Company shall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Quarter Master, or Regimental Clerk;

Provided nevertheless, that any Regimental Clerk may be appointed Captain Lieutenant.

tal Clerk may be Captain Lieutenant.

wuiv.1 a ui 111 ti 11 vjui mj; 1110 uwi v ivt 111 uiw laiu ivi luuu^ pi vic 1 v w 1119 i\uiitv. 111 11 it* 1

had continued in that Service, and the said Commissioners may give any such Adjut

Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification requi

Pay of Adju-

tants, Regi-

mental Clerks,

Quaittr Maf-

tt-ts, Serjeant

Majors, See.

Civil Appoint-

ments may be

made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, and Quarter Master, to

be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall receive the ulual Pay of such Offices and Appointments in other

Militia Forces, or such other Allowance as the said Commissioners shall think proper arid adequate to the

Service; and that Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, Drum and Fife Majors, and Drummers and

Fifers, shall receive the same Pay as those of the rest of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and the said

Commissioners may make such Civil Appointments as they shall fee necessary for carrying the Purposes of

this Act into Execution. ' ' ,

Pay of the Mi-

litia to be ittued

by the Trca-

lucer, as by the

Receiver Gene-

ral of the Land

l ax, to County

Militia.

Regimental

Clerks to give

Security as in

other Regi-

ments,

and pay Ba-

lances to the

Treasurer.

Cotts of Suit re-

coveraH as by

the Militia Act.

Officers on

Half Pay serv-

ing as Licutc-

1

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of the said Militia shall be issued by the Treasurer

appointed by the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as the Receiver General of the Land Tax for

every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is

raised, aredireded to issue the Pay of such Militia by any Ad whi^h now is, or hereafter shall be in Force

for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land, and the fame shall be subject to the Regulations directed by or contained in any such Aid; and the

Regimental or Battalion Clerks apppinted to the said Militia shall give Security by Bond to the said Com-

missioners, in like Manner as the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia is directed by any such

Ad to give Security to his Majesty, which Bonds shall be lodged with the said Treasurer, and put in Suit

by him in the Name of the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as is directed by such Act, and he

shall be entitled to the like Costs, and five Pounds/>£r Centum on the Money recovered, as thereby directed,

and the Residue shall be accounted for by him to the said Commissioners; and the said Regimental or Bat-

talion Clerks shall annually deliver in their Accounts, and pay the Balances in their Hands to the said

Treasurer, in the same Manner as the CJerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia is diic&ed by such

Ad to deliver in his Accounts, and pay the Balance in his Hands to the Receiver General of the Land Tax

for each County; and all Costs and Charges of Suit shall be recoverable in like Manner as by the said Act is

directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay, {hall be deemed or taken

to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regi-

mental

