A.D. 1796.

tricesimo sexto

C. 92.

387

rants, &c. may

receive it on

taking the fol-

lowing

Oath

Proportions of

Non-cummif-

ficned Officers

and Drummers,

and when to be

cloathed.

Non-commis-

fioned Officers

to take the fol-

lowing Oath.

Colonel may ap-

point a Serjeant

Major and

Drum Major.

Non-commis-

fioned Offictrs

mental Clerk, Pay Matter, Quarter Matter, or Surgeon, in the said Militia, but that the fame {hall never-

theless continue, and instead of the Oath directed by the A£ifor punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by such Officer, he shall take the following

Oath; th^t is to say,

4 t A. B. do swear, That I had not, between ----- any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Mili-

4 tary, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced ----- in late Regi-

4 ment of -----save and except my Fay as Lieutenant,Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental Clerk, Pay-

4 matter, Quarter Matter, or, Surgeon, as the Cafe may be,\ for serving in the said Militia.*

- And the taking of the said Oath, without taking any other Oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to

receive his Half Pay. \

XXV. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants,. Corporals, and Drummers, dial 1 be appointed to the

said Militia as follows ; (that is to say,) there shall be thfee Serjeants, three Corporals, and two Drummers,

to each Company, with the Addition of one Drummer to each of the Flank Companies ; and such Ser-

jeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be new cloathed, when not in actual, Service,once in two Years, or

ofecner if necessary, at the Discretionof the said Commilfiuners; and all Serjeants and Corporals shall take

the following Oath; (that is to say,)

4 t A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 Ring George \ and I do swear that I am a Protettant, and that I will faithfully serve as a Serjeant [or

4 Corpora], as the Cafe may be ] in the said Militia, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of

4 the lame, until I shall be legally discharged.*

And the Colonel of each Regiment may appoint a Serjeant Major out of the Serjeants, and a Drum Ma-

jor out of the Drummers ; and all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received any Pay as such in

the said Militia, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in the said Militia until they (half be

legally discharged : Provided always, that every Serjeant, Corporal,* and Drummer, appointed in the said

Militia, shall refideinthe City of London, or within one Mile thereof: And provided also, that no Person

who shall keep any House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell Ale, or Wine, or Brandy, or other

Spirituous Liquors, by retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or having received

Drummer, in the said Militia. Pay, compellable to serve; to live within a certain Distance ; and shall not be Publicans*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, may be discharged

by the Colonel, or by the Commanding Officer, (with the Consent of the Captain of the Company,) and

that the Captain, with the Approbation of the Commanding Officer, may appoint any proper Person in the

Room of every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, who shall die, delert, or be discharged ; all which

Serjeants and Corporals so appointed shall take the like Oath as is herein-before required to be taken by Ser-

jeants and Corporals. ; t. 1 .

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Colonel and other Officers of both or either Regi-

ment of the said Militia shall be delirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than two for each

Company, to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Use of the said Militia, and shall be willing to de-

fray the Lxpence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel of each or either

.Regiment to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective

Reg iments, and all such Drummers so engaged to serve in the said Militia shall be deemed as Drummers

in said Militia* within the Meaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject

to the fame Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this A<fl

subject to, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Cloath-

as other Drummers have, or better Cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia, or at least Half thereof, appointed as afore-

said, shall be trained’and exercised once in every Year for twenty-eight Days together, at such Time and

Place, (not exceeding the Distance of five Miles from the City of London, or as to four Days, Part of the

laid twenty-eight Days, not exceeding ten Miles from the said City,) as shall be appointed by the said Com-

miilioners; and during such Time as the said Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and

exercised, all thcClaules, Provisions, Matters, and 'Filings, contained in any Act of Parliament which shall

then be in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters, shall be in force with respe*it to the said Militia, and all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers*

and Private Men of the fame, shall be subject and liable thereto, in all Cafes whatsoever; but so that no Pu-

nishment shall extend to Loss of Life or Limb.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the said Militia

shall be sent by the Clerk of the said Commissioners to the Ward Clerks, Beadles, or other Officers of the

several Wards of the said City, with Directions to caule such Notice to be affixed on the Doors of the

Churches or Chapels in their respective Wards; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Lime and

Place of Exercise, according to such Notice; and the said Clerk shall, ten Days at least before the Time

appointed for the annual Exercise, transmit to the Colonel of each Regiment, (or to such Person as shall be

by him appointed to receive the same,) a full and true Lift, specifying the Name, Place of Abode, and Date

of Inrolment, of all Persons inrolled to serve in their respective Regiments, and shall in like Manner caule a

Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of each Regiment*

xxx. And

Colonel may

discharge Non-

com miifioned

Officers, and

Drummers, and

the Captain may

All up Vacancies*

Officers may

keep Musicians

as extra Drum-

mers, paying the

Expence.

in

gx

Militia to be

exercised 28

successive Days

annually, and

subject to the

Mutiny Ad*.

Notice of the

Time and Place

of Lxercife to

be affixed on

the Church

Doors, and Lids

of the Men en-

rolled to be sent

by the Clerk to

the Colonel, «xc.

