14-2

to the Laws of

Custorro and

Excifr.

Article! of pri-

vate Persons not

liable to Duty,

on certain Con-

9 a

C. So.

tricesimo quinto G

Prohibited

Ooodsj except

specified Ar-

ticles of private

Persons, not to

be delivered out

of Wiurehouses

but for Exportation, dec.

this Kingdom or for Exportation, be first duly entered, and the fame shall in all other Respects be subject

and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as far as the fame are applicable and

can be put in Execution, to which such Goods and Merchandize respectively, on a legal Importation or

Exportation, would be subject and liable, under any Laws or Law now in force relating to the Revenue of

Customs or Excise, the fame as if all the Ciaufes, Powers, Directions, and Authorities, relating thereto,

were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty whatever shall be chargeable

or charged on the following Articles, belonging to private Persons, so imported or brought into this King-

dom; (that is to say,) Wearing Apparel, Jewels, Watches, and Trinkets, Plate, Pictures, Prints, and

Drawings, framed or unframed, China, or Earthen Ware, Glass, framed or unframed, Books, Household Fur-

niture, uleful or ornamental, or Household Linen; any Law, Custom, or EJfage, to the contrary notwith-

(landing: Provided always, that it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in

that Part of Great Britain called England, or any four or more of them, and of the Commissioners of the Cuf-

toms in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, that such Wearing Apparel,

Tewels, Watches, and Trinkets, Plate, Pictures, Prints, and Drawings, framed or unframed, China, or

'.arthen Ware, Glass, framed or unframed, Books, or Household Furniture, useful or ornamental, and

Hourehold Linen, have been imported for private Ule, and not to be sold by Way of Merchandize, and that

the Owners thereof reside or intend to reside in this Kingdom, and that such Household Linen is not new.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or

Effects, which by Law are prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, other than the Articles herein

specified belonging to private Persons, shall be delivered out of any Warehouse in pursuance of this Act, but

for Exportation only, nor for Exportation, until Security is given in such Manner, and in such Penalty,

for the due Exportation thereof as is now by Law required on the Exportation of such Sorts of Goods from

this Kingdom. . ;

Enumerated

Warehoused

Goods, except

from East India

Warehouses,

may be exported

Duty free, as

ah'o Articles not

herein enume-

rated, and may

be delivered for

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to export,

from any Warehouse in which the fame shall or may be so lodged, any of the Goods, Wares, Merchan-

dize, or Effects, herein enumerated, except such as are hereby directed to be lodged in the Warehouses of

the East India Company, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and that all Articles not herein enu-

merated, which may legally be imported into this Kingdom, or which may not be absolutely but circum-

ftantially prohibited, may in like Manner be delivered by virtue of this Act for Exportation, without Pay-

ment of any Duty, or for Use or Consumption in this Kingdom, for Payment of such Duties as are respec-

tively due for the fame on a legal Importation into this Kingdom, in British)-built Ships.

Home Consumption on Payment of Duty.. ~ I:

No Spirits to be

exj orted in

Calks contain-

ing less than

aoo Gal ons, or

in Ships under

aoo Tons, See.

On Exportation

.of Good a, Draw-

backs to be al-

lowed.

Goods ware-

housed may be

fold free of

Audtion Duty,

on Account of

the original

Owner.

Duties to be ap-

plied as these

on the like Sorts

of Goods are

applicable.

Vessels owned

by Inhabitants

of the United

Provinces be-

fore Jan. 19,

1795, who shall

come to reside

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Spirits shall be so exported from any

such Warehouse, in any Cask or Vessel which shall contain less than one hundred Gallons, or on board any

Ship or Veftel of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, nor unless all and singular the Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, and Provisions, by Law in force for the Exportation of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Pro-

dudion, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from the Warehouses in which the fame shall

have been lodged or deposited under and by virtue of the Laws now in force, shall have been fully complied

with, in respect of the Exportation of Spirits under or by virtue of this Act; and all and singular the said

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, together with all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for

any Breach thereof respectively, shall be used, applied, and put in Execution, on such Exportation of Spirits,

under or by virtue of this Act. jpjj

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the due Exportation of any of the Goods, Wares, Merchan-

dize, and Effects, before mentioned, which shall have paid any of the respective Duties herein imposed,

there shall be allowed and paid the respective Drawbacks to which such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and

Effects, would be entitled if duly exported, after a regular Importation, and under the like Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Effects so ware-

housed shall and may be sold by Auction, free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Effects sold by

Auction; provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed

to extend, to authorize the Sale of any such Goods or Effects free of the said Duty, unless on the first Sale of

such Goods or Effects, by or for the Account of the original Owner, by whom the fame were so lodged in

such Warehouse, and unless such Sale shall be made within twelve Months next after the Time when such

Goods or Effects shall have been so lodged in such Wdfehouse.

XVII. And be ft further enacted, That all Monies arising from Duties imposed by this Act shall be ap-

propriated and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as the

Duties now payable by Law on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Sorts are directed by

Law to be appropriated and applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ship

or Vessel, which shall have brought or shall bring into this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

to be warehoused, to take the Benefit of the said Act, or the said Orders in Council, being a Subject or Sub«

jeds of the said United Provinces, or having been an Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall come into this Kingdom with Intent to

reside herein, and shall go before some Justice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or the principal

Magi (Irate

