496

to be calculated

in the Manner

herein Specified.

i

Schedules to be

deemed Part of

Indentures, Sec

Any Person not

bringing Inden-

tures not duly

stampt, to be so

flampr, to for-

feit zo 1.

No Indenture

available unless

duly ftmipt.

Indentures, Sec.

which have

been rtampt,

when blank,

but not accord-

ing to this A&9

may be properly

stampt within a

limited Time.

Officer to calcu-

late the Duty on

Indentures, Sec.

and write on

them certain

Particulars.

On Payment of

Duty at the

Head Office, In-

dentures, &c. to

be stampt; and

at other Offices,

Indentures, &c.

to be transmitted

to the Head Of-

fice within zi

Days for that

Purpose.

Officer receiving

Duty to ac* .

knowledge Re-

ceipt of Inden-

tures, &c. for

Transmission,

Sec.

Indentures, Sec.

may be stamp;

at the Head Of-

fice at any Time,

on Payment of

die Duty and a

penalty.

C. 19. . Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III.. A.D. 1796.

- 9 *

calculated according to the Number of Common Law Sheets engrossed, printed, or, written thereon, each

Common Law Sheet containing seventy-two Words, in Manner following; that is to say. Where the

Quantity of Words engrossed, printed, or written, on any Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or

Sheet or Piece of Paper, shall not exceed fifteen such Common Law Sheets, one Scamp; and where the

Quantity or Number of Words engrossed, printed, or written thereon, shall amount unto thirty such Com-

mon Law Sheets, two Stamps; and so progressively one further Stamp for every fifteen such Common Law

Sheets above the Number of thirty such Common Law Sheets contained therein: Provided always, that

if the Quantity or Number of Words engrossed, panted, or written thereon, shall, after calculating in

Manner aforesaid every Amount of fifteen Common Law Sheets contained therein, exceed the Number of

such Common Law Sheets so calculated by a less Quantity of Words than other fifteen such Common Law

Sheets, no further Stamp shall be required for such Excels above the Number of Common Law Sheets so

calculated; and that in every such Cale the Stamps required to be put on any such Skin or Piece of Vellum

or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed shall be

engrossed, printed, or written, shall be of the fame Value or Denomination respectively, and shall be such

Stamps which have been or shall be provided ordirecded to be used to denote the Duties payable on such In-

denture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed,according to the Laws now in force, or hereafter to be in force.

II. And be it further enaclecl, That every Schedule or other Iivflrument annexed unto any Indenture,

Lease, Bond, or other Deed and Indorsement made thereon, shall, in estimating the Number of Stamps

required by virtue of this Act to be put thereon, be deemed as Part of such indenture, Lease, Bond, or

other Deed; and the Quantity or Number of Words contained therein shall be calculated as if the fame

were contained in such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed. w T V’,

III. And be it further enacted, 'I hat if any Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall

engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or

other Deed, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act,

and shall neglect to bring the fame to be duly stamped in the Manner and within the Time hereby directed

and allowed for (lamping the fame, every such Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and no such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall be

pleaded or given in Evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any Manner whatever, unless the fame

shall be stamped as required by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, which shall have been

stamped with one Stamp on every Skin or Piece of such Vellum or Parchment, or on every Sheet or

Piece of such Paper, before any Matter or Thing shall have been engrossed, printed, or written thereon,

and shall not be stamped as by this Act is directed, which shall be brought at any Time before the Execu-

tien thereof, or within the Space of one Calendar Month after the Date thereof, to the Head Office of the

Commissioners for managing the Duties on {lamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, may be stamped 2s

this Act requires, on Payment of the Duty for the fame; and thar, upon bringing any Indenture, Lease,

Bond, or other Deed, to be stamped as aforesaid, the Officer appointed by the said Commissioners shall

calculate the Duty payable thereon, and the Number of Stamps required by this Act to be put thereon, and

shall write in Words at length upon the Margent of each Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet

or Piece of Paper, whereon the fame shall be engrossed, printed, or written, the Number of Common Law

Sheets contained therein, and the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his Name

thereto; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at the said Head Office, then the Indenture, Lease, Bond, or

other Deed, so brought to be stamped, shall, on Payment of the said Duty, be stamped with such Number

of Stamps as the Cafe shall require; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at any other Office to be

appointed by the said Commissioners, the Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, whereon the Duty so

payable, and the Number of Words so contained therein shall have been calculated and written, shall be

transmitted within the Space of twenty-one Days from the Day of Payment of such Duty to the Head

Office to be stamped, and the fame shall be stamped accordingly with such Number of Stamps as the Cafe

shall require; and if the Person paying such Duty at any such Office to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be

desirous that the fame shall be transmitted to the said Head Office by the Officer to whom such Duty shall

be paid, and shall leave the fame with such Officer for such Purpose, such Officer shall, upon Request, sign

and deliver an Acknowledgment that such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, has been left with him

for such Purpose, and shall transmit such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, to the said Head Office

to be stamped as aforesaid; and the fame shall be returned to such Officer as soon as conveniently may be

after the (lamping thereof, and such Officer shall deliver back the fame to the Person entitled thereto, upon

Rc-delivery to him of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the fame, if any shall have ken

given.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to carry any such Indenture,

Lease, Bond, or other Deed, at any Time within six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the said

Head Office to be stamped in like Manner, paying the Duty for the fame, and also the further Sum of ten

Pounds by Way of Penalty, and also to carry the fame to the said Head Office to be stamped in like

Manner at any Time after the Expiration of the said six Months, on Payment of the Duty for die firne,

and also the further Sum of ten Pounds for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece

of Paper, whereon such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, or Matter or Thing aforesaid^Tii be

engro i>

