870

C. 86, 87. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D» 1798.

Act till others ivclv, as the fame Persons respectively would have had if such Persons had been appointed to such Oifices re-

arc appointed, spe£lively before the fifth Day of Jfu') one thousand leven hundred and ninety-eignr, according to the "1 erms

Who ih all have of the ftvera| Warrants which such PeTfons so to be appointed shall respeaively receive from the said Com-

mifnoners of his Majesty’s Customs for executing such Duties respeaively.

the fame

Powers 23 if

appointed before July 5, 1798.

Commissior.ers

of the Customs,

with the Ap-

probation of the

Treafusy, to

appoint Salaries

to Persons exe-

cuting the Du-

ties ol Offices

not afcol.shed ;

anc! on the Abo-

lition of any

it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs

with the Approbation of the High I reafurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty s 1 reafury, to appoint such

Salaries to be taken and had by the several Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs to execute any of the Duties of any of the said Offices not wholly abolished by this Act,

as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Salaries, Fees, Perquifiies, and Profits here-

tofore had and taken by the Persons who have from l ime to Tune held and enjoyed such Otfices re-

speclively* . ie

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the absolute Abolition of any Office under the Provisions of this

iiiiwii wi diiy A61, it shall and may be lawful (or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in EnglaK i fur the Tims

office, tc> make being (with the Approbation of the High Freafuier, or Commissioners of his Majesty s I reafury for the

Compensation* ’ Time being) to make such just and reasonable Compensation as they shall, in their Judgment, think proper,

to the Deputy to the deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Person or Persons who, on or immediately be-

whowereem-8 fore the passing of this A a, was or were employed in such Office so abolished as aforesaid.

p oyed therein before the patting of this Att.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as often as it flnll be found necessary to

make a new Appointment under the Authority of this Act, for the Execution of any of the Duties of

' such of the Offices herein mentioned as shall be reejuiliteto be performed, although the Patents ate abolish-

, the Commissioners of the Customs shall, in all such Cafes, lay an Account of the fame before both Houses

of Parliament, within fourteen Days of the Beginning ot each Setlxon, dclcribino the Ollr-e, and the Amount

of the Salary, which shall be appointed for the fame. , ;

When necef-

fitry to make a

new Appoint-

ment for exe-

cuting the

Duties of Of-

fices, although

the Patents are

abolished, an Account to be laid before Parliament*

The Money re- XIII. And whereas a Superannuation Fund has long been established under the Management of the

‘ Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or difafcled Officers: And

‘ whereas several Sums of Money have been received as l ees or Emoluments of various Offices in the

‘ Customs now vacant, and have accrued during the Vacancy of such Offices: And whereas it would pro-

‘ mote the Good of the Service, by rewarding and encouraging the Officers under the Management of the

‘ Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, if such Sums of Money were to be appropriated and applied in

‘ Augmentation of the said Superannuation Fund Be it therefore enacted, 1 hat the several Sums o

Money which have been or may be received previous to the fifth Day of one thousand (even hundred

and ninety-eight, for Fees or Emoluments of Offices so abolished and vacant as aforesaid, shall be appropri-

ated and applied in Augmentation of the said Fund, called The Superannuation Fund, in such Manner

as the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs for the 1 ime being, or any four or more of them,

shall in their Judgment and Discretion think fitting and proper, and (had by Writing under their Hanus

d irefl i 9 a

XIV. And be it further enaaed. That no Officer or other Person shall be put upon the said Superannu-

ation Fund, except on the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, being fat.sfied mat

such Officer or other Person is actually unfit to continue in the Execution of the Duties of his hmployrnent

from Age, Illness, or other Infirmity; and that a List of all Persons who shall be put upon the said I'u.id

, ... ’ i i tt c-. (rit i m have afr#*r the* Cnm mence me n t of evefV

ceived previous

to July 5, 1798,

for Fees of

Offices abolish-

and vacant,

to be added to

the Superannu-

ation Fund.

No Person to

be put on the

Superannuation

Fund till inca-

pable of his

Employment,

and a List of

those put there-

on to be laid

before Parlia-

ment.

shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days after the Commencement of every

Stffion, specifying the Offices which such Persons held, and the I imes they enjoyed the fame, with the

Salaries or Emoluments thereof, and what Proportions of such Salaries or Emoluments are continued to such

Persons, and dating the Reasons for their being superannuated, with the Names of the 1 er/ons wno

succeeded them* — B ;

I P /* +J

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for the Administration of Aflccs in Cafes where the Executor to whom Probate

has been granted is out of the Realm.—[i8th June 179^*3

granted

If, at the Expi-

ration of twelve

Wen chi from a

‘ X WHEREAS the Laws now existing are not sufficient to enforce a speedy Distn

4 y, Jeceased Persons where the Executor to whom Probate of the.Will hath been

a lurifdiaion of his Majesty’s Courts of Law and Equity ’ be it therefore enacted by the Ring s rnofi

cellent Mdiefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and V ,

mins in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That, at the Expiration

twelve Calendar Months from the Death of auy Testator, if the Executors or Executor to whom Probate

ex

Com-

