500

Lieutenants,

Sec. who have

omitted to

or have acted

erroneouny,

indemnified.

In Addons

brought against

terfons hereby

indemnified, the

General Issue

may be pleaded.

If by Jan. 30,

1797, a suffici-

ent Number of

Officers /hall not

he appointed, the

Lieutenant and

Deputy Lieu-

tenants may ap-

point Per-

ions as are described in Cap. 3. § 2.

If it shall appear

before Jan. 15,

1797, that a fuf-

ficient Number

of Non-commis-

fioned Officers,

Sec. cannot be

(pared from the

Militia, to train

the Supplemen-

tary Militia,

ChdfeaPtn-

sioners certified

by the Secretary

ac War as fit,

may be appoint-

, See Defici-

encies ftii! re-

maining may be

lu plied by Per-

sons discharged

llom the Anny,

Militia, ire. (Src

C. 22. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

further carrying the said Act of the present Session into Execution, and all Acts to be done at such

Meetings to be held after the passing of this AS, pursuant in all Respects to the Directions of the said Acts,

or either of them, (except as to the 'T ime of doing the fame,) shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid

and effectual, notwithstanding any such former Defect, Omission, or Error as aforesaid; and all Lieutenants*

Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, who have omitted to carry, or have been hindered fron*

carrying the said Act of the present Session into Execution, according to the Directions thereof, or shall

have executed the fame erroneously, by allowing any Exemption contrary to the Intent thereof, or of this

Act, and who shall at any other Time or Times have met and executed the fame, or who shall meet and

execute the fame according to the Directions of this Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and

discharged, from and against all Penalties and Damages, and against all Actions and Prosecutions whatsoever*

incurred or to be incurred by reason of any Neglect, Omission, or Hindrance as aforesaid; and all Con-

stables and other Officers are hereby also indemnified, freed, and discharged, from ail Penalties and Damages,

and against all Actions and Prosecutions incurred or to be incurred for any Act done or to be done bjnthem

in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices of the Peace*

made or to be made pursuant in all other Respects to the Directions of the said Acts, except as to the Time

of making the same; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the fama

respectively. . A JT

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall*

from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons

hereby meant or intended to be indemnified for or on account'of any Penalty or Damages incurred or to be

incurred for any Omission or Neglect before-mentioned, or for any Act done in pursuance of this Act,

such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the speciaL

Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Place, a sufficient Number of Officers,

duly qualified according to the said Acts, shall not be appointed to Commissions in the Supplementary

Militia to be raised for the said County, Riding, or Place, on or before the thirtieth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants

respectively, (and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be,) to appoint a sufficient

Number of such other Persons, as are described in the said Act of the present Session, to be Officers

in the said Supplementary Militia, subject to the Approbation of his Majesty, and in the Manner therein

directed. % I .: £811

Powers given to

Lieutenant* and.

Deputy Lieu-

tenants to quar-

ter the Supple-

mentary Militia,

not to restrain

Justices, &c.

from billetting

them.

Persons bal-

lot ted paying

15 L for not

serving or pro-

viding a Sub-

stitute rot liable

w bb baJlotud for

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy*

Lieutenants, at any Time before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven,

that a sufficient Number of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Private Men* cannot conveniently

be spared from the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia serving for any County, Riding, or Place,

to train and exercise the said Supplementary Militia to be raised by virtue of the said Act of the present

Session as aforesaid, for such County, Riding, or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy

Lieutenants respectively, and he and they is and are hereby required to appoint, for that Purpose, such

Number of Men from and amongst the Persons put or to be put on the Establiihment of Chelsea Hospital*

as shall be certified to him or them, by the Secretary at War for the Time being, to be fit and proper

Persons for such Service; and any Deficiency of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or Privates,

remaining after such Appointments, may be supplied by any Persons who shall have served as Non-com-

missioned Officers, Drummers, or Privates, in his Majesty’s Army, or in the Militia, and have been

discharged therefrom, or such other Persons as the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively

shall judge to be proper for that Service and shall appoint; and any Person so to be appointed shall be

entitled to the fame Pay during such Service as Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men*

serving in the Supplementary Militia, would be entitled to by virtue of such Appointment according to the

said Act, over and above any other Pay, Emolument, or Allowance, to which they or any of them may-

be respectively entitled.

^26 of Cap. 3,) >1 ,

VII. And be it further enacted, That (he Powers given by the said Act of the present Session to the

Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, to quarter and billet the Supple-

mentary Militia to be raised by virtue of the said Act, shall not restrain or be construed to restrain fullices

of the Peace of Counties, Ridings, 01* Places, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen; Hc-adboroughs,

and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tythings, and Places, from quar-

tering and billeting the said Supplementary Militia; but that all such Magistrates may, within their respeo

tive jurisdictions. quarter and billet the said Supplementary Militia, and provide Lodgings for the Non-

commissioned Officers of such Militia, under and according to the Powers and Directions given by the said

Act of the twenty-Hxth Year aforesaid. ft:!'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be ballotted to serve in the said Supplementary

Militia, and who shall forfeit and pay the Penalty of fifteen Pounds, prescribed by the said Act, for neglect-

ing to serve or to provide a Substitute, shall be liable to be ballotted for again, either for the Militia raised

by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, 01 by any other Act of Parliament, or for the

said Supplementary Militia, for the Period of five Years.

again for die Militia for five Years. J -1 J HHH

