4*4

C. 123.

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796*

Dealers ♦ pay

the Duties on

St.)ck at the

Times pre-

ferihed, on Pe-

nalty of doubt*

the Amount j

and Auctioneers

to pay the Du-

ties on Wines

sold by Auction

at the Times

preferred for

Payment of

Auction Duty, on like Penalty.

Prize Wines

taken owt of

Warthouse for

Home Con-

fumption, li-

able to the ad -

4itional Duty.

or their Stock, Custody, or Possession, on such actual Survey as aforesaid, after the said seventeenth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, a Quantity or Quantities of Foreign Wine exceedingfwo

hundred and Hfty-two Gallons, reckoning five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon for all such Wine as shall

be in Bottles. «• %

VI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller and Sellers of, Fo-

reign Wines shall, at the respective Days and Times herein-before for that Purpose prescribed, pay and

clear off all the Duties of Excise determined by this Act imposed, for and in respect of all Foreign Wine found on the

first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Fxcile, in the Stock, Custody, or Po He Hi on of such Dealer or

Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, upon Pain of forfeiting double the Amount of such Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Foreign

Wine sold by Audlion, shall be paid by the respective Auctioneers by whom such Wine shall be fold, at

such respective Times as are by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, immediately before the passing of

this Act, limited or prescribed for Payment of the Duties arising from Sales by Way of Audlion; upon pain

of such Audlioncers forfeiting double the Amount of the said Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect

of such Foreign Wine sold by Audtion.

For Wine con-

tracted to be

fold, the addi-

tional Duty

jnay be added

to the Price.

Drawback of

the whole Du-

ties to be allow-

on Wine for

Consumption

by Officers on

board the Navy,

agreeable to 33

Geo. 111. Cap.

41-

Drawback of

Duties to he al-

lowed on Ex-

portation of

Foreign Wines.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties*

Acts in force

respecting the

Revenue of

Customs, to ex-

tend to tV.is

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Wine taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Cap-

tors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the fame shall have been secured to be

consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing

certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed

for or in respect of Wine imported ; and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and

in such Manner, as the former Duties by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are pay-

able by Law.

IX. 4 And whereas Contradls may have been made for the Sale of Wine before (he fame shall have been

1 charged with the Duties by this Act imposed*/ be it therefore enacted. That in all Cafes where any Wine

whereon the respective Duties by this Act impoled shall be charged, shall have been after the said seventeenth

Day of April one thoufaiul seven hundred and ninety Tix, or shall be delivered in pursuance of such Con-

tracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in such Foreign Wine, delivering the fame, to

charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Ad-

dition to the Price of such Wine ; and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to de-

mand and be paid the fame accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That a Drawback of the whole Duties on Foreign Wine

imposed by this Act shall be allowed and paid by the Collectors of the Customs, on any Sort of such Foreign

Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in his Ma-

jefty’s Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty’s Ships as they shall respec-

tively serve in, ip like Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, and Restrictions, as a Drawback

of the former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain is directed to be allowed and

paid by such Collectors by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,in-

tituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals*

Captains, and other Commissioned Officers* on board Ships of War in actual Service 3 and to allow such Ships to

befapplied with Tobacco Duty-free.

XT. And be it further enaaed. That on the Exportation of any Foreign Wine, for or in respect whereof

the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been duly paid, there be allowed and paid by the proper Officer or

Officers of the Customs, to the Exporter or Exporters, a Drawback of the said Duties upon the fame

Terms and Conditions, and under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Pro-

visions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by any Act or

Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Exportation of Fo-

reign Wine, in order to obtain the Drawback of the Duties of Customs; and the said Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby

directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in Execution on the Exportation of Win*, for the Purpose of

obtaining a Drawback of the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures had been

expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted. That all such Penalties of double the Amount of the said Duties imposed

by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Ex-

cife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him

or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same. ;/j

XIII. And be it further enacted. That the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed. shall be ma-

naged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, anfwesed, and paid, in such and the like Manner* and

in or by any or either of the Means, Ways,or Methods, by which the Duties of Customs upon Wines im-

ported by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, were or ought

. • to

