932

the Average

Price of Wheat,

and 4d. per

Sack to the

Average Price

of Flour, as an

Allowance for

the additional

Duty on-Salt.

When the Ave-

rage Price of

Wheat or Flour

returned does

not agree with

any of the

Prices specified

in the Table

annexed to

37 Geo.3. c. 98.

an Account of

the Differences

to be kept at the

Cockct Office

till they amount

to half an A f-

lize, and then

the next Assize

to be set accord-

ingly.

Such Parts of

any Acts as im-

pofc a Penalty

on Bakers not

warkingheaves,

repealed within

certain Limits,

and such Loaves

to he marked as

herein specified.

Penalty for Ne-

glc&.

No Baker to be

liable to Penalty

for Deficiency

in Weight of

Bread, unless

ascertained

within z4Hpurs

after baking.

No Baker or

other Person to

C. lv. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

immediately before fitting such Assize, while such additional Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer,

add to what shall, by Means of the then lad General Return or Account of Wheat, appear to be the then

Average Price per Quarter of Wheat tit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Five-pence on Ac-

count of the said new Duties on Salt, foas to increase such Average Price Five-pence per Quarter; and shall

then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such ir.creased Average Price or Surp in (lead of the real

Average Price, in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the fame were the real Average Price of

Wheat, according to the then last General Return or Account of Wheat; and that, from Time to Time,

when and so often as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Lord Mayor, shall, in letting the Assize of

Bread in execution of the fame two A 6b, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Flour,

they or he shall, immediately before setting such Assize, while such additional Duties on bale shall continue,

but no longer, add to what shall, by Means of the then last General Return or Account of Meal and Flour,

appear to be the then Average Price per Sack of Flour, fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of

hour-pence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, foas toincrease such Average Price Four-pence per

Sack, and shall then, in setting the Afiize of Bread, make use of such increased Average PriceorSum

instead of the real Average Price, in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the fame were the

real Average Price of Flour, according to the then last General Return or Account of Meal and Flour made

of Wheat.

IX. 4 And whereas in setting the Assize of Bread in Conformity to the Directions of the said Act of

4 the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it frequently happens that the Average Price

4 of Wheat or of Flour returned does not agree with any of the Prices specified in the Table affixed to the

4 said Act from which the Assize of Bread is directed to be set, and the Assize is then set from the Price

4 in the said Table nearest the said Average Price returned, by reason whereof the Assize and Price of Bread

4 is at Times higher than by the said Act is intended, to the Injury of the Public, and at other Times not

4 so high, to the Injury of the Baker for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That whenever there shall be

any Difference between the Average Price of Wheat or of Flour returned, and the Price from which the

Assize of Bread shall be set, the Amount of such Difference of Price shall be entered in a Book to be kept

at the Cocket Office aforesaid for that Purpose ; and when and so often as it shall appear that upon such

Differences being added together they amount to a sufficient Sum, either in Favour of the Public or of

the Baker, to make a Variation in the Price of Bread of Half an Assize, then and so often the said Court

of Mayor and Aldermen, if the said Court shall then fit, and if such Court shall not then fit, then the Lord

Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall, and they or he are or is hereby required to make such

Addition to, or Deduction from, the Average Pi ice of Wheat or of Flour returned, and in setting the then

next Assize of Bread, either to lower or to raise the fame one Half an. Assize, as the Cafe may require,

accordingly, as the Difference between the Average Prices of Wheat or of Flour returned, and the Prices

from which the Assize shall have been set, appears to have been in Favour of the Public or of the Baker.

X. And be it further enacted, That such Part or Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore

made, whereby a Penalty or Penalties is or are inflicted on Bakers neglecting to mark their Loaves as

thereby directed shall, as to Bakers making, or who shall make. Bread for Sale within the City of London,

or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchan^e^ but

not further or otherwise, be, and the fame is or are hereby repealed ; and that every Person making, or

who shall make. Bread for Sale, within any of the fame last-mentioned Limits, shall, from Time to Time,

cause to be fairly imprinted or marked on every Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, (he, or

they, shall make or fell, or carry out or expose to or for Sale, the Roman Letters hereinafter mentioned;

that is to say, Upon every Loaf of Bread which shall b'e made, fold, carried out, or expoied to or for Sale

as Wheaten Bread, a large Roman VV.; and upon every Loaf of Bread which shall be tnade, fold, carried

out, or exposed to or for Sale as Household or Brown Bread, a large Roman II.; and that every Person

who shall make for Sale, or shall fell, carry out, or expose to or for Sale, within any of the fame iaft-men-

tioned Limits, any Loaf of any Sort of Bread then allowed to be'made in pursuance of any A6tor Acts

of Parliament, and which shall not be marked pursuant to the Directions of this Act, so as that it may

on the View thereof be ascertained from Time to Lime under what Denomination or Sort of Bread every

such Loaf was made, and ought to be weighed, (except as to Loaves which shall be ralped after the be-

('peaking or purchasing thereof by the particular Desire of any Person who shall order the fame to be so

rasped for his, her, or their own U/e or Uses,) shall for every Time tie, (lie, or fney shall offend in the

Premises, and be thereof c6nvi£ted, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor Ids than one

Shilling, for every Loaf of Bread not marked as hereby is directed. k'i.+ 'dM

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Baker or other Person making, or who shall make Bread for

Sale within the City oLondon, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, cr within ten

Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be liable to any Punishment for or on Account of any Bread which

shall be found deficient in Weight, nor shall the fame be liable to be seized by reason of fi. h Deficiency,

unless the Weight thereof be duly ascertained within twenty-four Hours after such Bread shall have been

baked. 1 Q. ..

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Baker or other Person or Persons who 'hall a(k, demand, or

take> for any Bread which he, she, or they shall fell, or expose to or for Sale, within the City of Lands*,

or

