A.D. 1795. Anno tricesirno quinto Georgii III. C.56.

Branches of the Public Revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of

the Lid Receipt, during the said Period of ten Yeats, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

Iron) the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from

any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased

Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, on any Account whatever.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British

Fisheries.—[5th May 1795.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries j which Act was to continue in

‘ force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of

4 seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act

1 was passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to extend the Provisions of the said

4 Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned Act, together with the Alterations and

4 Amendments made in the fame by the last mentioned Act, should be continued for a limited Time, with

4 Amendments therein Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Ma-

jesty s Reign, together with the Alterations and Amendments made therein by the said Act passed in the

twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall be and continue in force from and after the first

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the Space and "I erm of two Y ears, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Jl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Buss or Vert'd which shall clear out of some

Port in Great Britain for the said Fishery, between the first Day of June and the twentieth Day of ANo-

vember in one and the same Year, and shall proceed immediately upon the said Fishery, shall entitle the

Owner or Owners thereof to the Bounties granted by the said Acts, or either of them, in the fatnc^ Manner

as if such Buss or Vertel had cleared out of some Port in Great Britain between the first Day of June and

the first Day of October in one and the fame Y ear ; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all Herrings which shall be landed from any Boat or Vertel not

entitled to the Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton, but entitled to the Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel,

granted by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and which shall

afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel, in Addition

to the Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel, granted by the said Act, for'such Herrings.

IV. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Herrings which shall have been landed at the firtiing

4 Places upon the Coasts of Great Britain, and sprinkled with Salt, to be afterwards carried Coastwise in

4 Bulk to the Residence of the Curers, were not subject to Forfeiture ;’ to remove which Doubts, and for

the greater Encouragement of the British Fishery, be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat

the Curers of Herrings, ref iding in any Part of Great Britain, (nail and may, during the Time of each and

every Season of the British Fishery, carry Coastwise in Bulk, free of any Duty whatever. Herrings, or

Cod, Ling, Hake, and Salmon, actually taken in the Herring Fishery, that shall have been landed and

dcv>ofited 111 any Warehouse or Store under the Care and Inspection of the Salt Officers at any Place of

Fishery upon the British Coasts, and there sprinkled with Salt taken out of any Warehouse under the

Revenue Locks, for the Uses of the British Fishery, which Salt shall have been deposited, during the Time

of the Fishery, in any Store or Warehouse for the Purpose only of sprinkling such Herrings or other P ifh lo

taken, to preserve them until the fame shall be afterwards carried Coastwise to that Part of Great Britain

where such Herrings or other Fish are to be entirely cured, or otherwise disposed of: Provided always, that

it shall be expressed in the Cocquet, 'Franfire, or other Coast Dispatch to accompany the said Herrings and

other Fish, that no Bounty whatever has been paid or claimed upon the said Herrings and other F ifh at any

Time previous to the shipping of the fame to be carried Coastwise; and that the said Herrings and other

Fish (had be subject to all the Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, now in force under this,

any other Act or Acts for the Security of the Duties on Salt.

V. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in Scotland in the third Session of the first Parliament of her late

4 Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing and ejlabltshing the Fishing Trade in and about this

4 Kingdom* it is among other Things enacted, T hat it mail be lawful to the Sheriffs, Baillics of Regalities,

4 and Magistrates of Burghs, or any having Commission from them, not only to visit on all Occasions the

4 curing and packing of Herring or White Fish in their respective Bounds, and also to pitch on any Barrel

4 after it is made up and marked, and cause break open the fame, and raise the Herrings, if they think fit,

4 from the very Bottom ; and in case they be not cured or packed as in the said Act is ordained, or that they

4 be broken, bruited, spilt, or not gutted Herring or Fish among them, the said Sheriffs, Baillies, Magistrates,

4 or others commissioned by them, after the fame is clearly proven by experienced ’ and famous Witndics,

I 4 are

IO3

Loan of this

Section, Sic.

26 Geo. III.

Cap. 81, ar.d

27 Geo. III.

Cap. 10, tc~

cited.

and continued

for 2 Years.

Vessels clearing

out between

June 1 and

Nov. ao, cn-

titled to

Bounties.

Herrings not

entitled to 20&.

per Ton, but to

1 s. per Barrel,

afterwards

cured, to be

per Barrel more.

Herrings, &c.

sprinkled with

Salt on landing,

may be carried

Coastwise in

Bulk free of

Duty.

Cocquet to ex-

press that no

Bounty has

been paid on

such Fish.

A61 in Scotland

of 3d Session

of ill Parlia-

ment of Queen

Anne, rccutd.

