\

t

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 IJJ.

xxiii

County of Sussex, unto Sir John Shelly Baronet, his Heirs

and Assigns, in Exchange for certain Messuages and

Lands in the same County.

*An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William

Parker Hammond Esquire, in the County of Middlesex,

in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances, and

for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said

Trustees, and the said William Parker Hammond, to grant

Leases of Part of the said Estates for the Purpose of

Building. ,

84. An Act for making a Partition and Division of divers

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several

Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the

Will of William Powell Esquire, deceased, and now held

in undivided Moieties, and for settling and alluring the

(pecific and entire Melliiages, Lands, and Hereditaments,

which, upon such Partition, are reipcdlively allotted to

be held in Severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said

undivided Moieties, to the several Uses, and subject to

the several Charges and Incumbrances now fulfilling

upon, or affedlmgfuch undivided Moieties respectively.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the real

Estate late of Sir Edward Vaughan Manfell Baronet, de-

ceased, situate in the County of Carmarthen, jn Trustees

in Trull, to be sold, and to apply the Money, toarife,

from such Sale, in the Reduction of the several Mort-

gages, or other Incumbrances subsisting upon, or affect-

ing, such real Ellate, and also for enabling such Trustees

to demise the Mines, Veins, or Seams of Coal, lying

under the Residue of such real Estate, in such Manner,

and with such Consent, as therein is mentioned.

£5. An Act to impower the Guardians of the moll Noble

Henry Duke of Newcastle, an Infant, to charge his settled

Estates with certain Sums of Money, for the Purposes

therein mentioned, and to grant Building and other

Leases, and make Exchanges or Sales of certain Parts

of the said Estates, and for other Purposes.

£7. An Act for confirming several Purchases, Conveyances,

and Settlements, made of the Estates of the moll Honour-

able Francis Marquis of Hertford, and IJ'abella Ann Mar-

chionefs of Hertford, his Wife, Lord JViUiam Gordon

and Frances his Wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his

Wife, Henry Harvey Ashn and Harriot his Wife, and

Sir John Rhmjden and Dame Louisa Susannah his Wife.

S3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Weslon, in the County

of Nottingham•

$9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ti/ney All

Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the

County of Nirfolh.

90. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadow, Failure, and other Commonable and

Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Twyford,

in the County of Leicester.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and all other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

Hampton Poyle, in the County of Oxford.

92. An A:1 for altering, varying, and amending an Act, passed

in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improv-

ing, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within die Manor and Parish of Old

Malt on, in the North Riding of the County of fork.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons and Waste Lands within the Manors or Lord-

ships of Farnworth and Kerfuy, in the Paiifh of Dean, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Op.cn and Com-

mon Fields, Marsh, Meadow, and Moor Groynes, and

other Commonable and Waste Lands in the Panlh of

Tatttrjhal!, and Townships of Tatttrshall Tho>pe} and

Kirkby Juper Bane, in the County of Lincoln, and for

more effectually embanking and draining the said Marftt

and Meadow Grounds, and certain other Low Lands

and Grounds, in the said Parish of Tattershall, and Town-

ship of Tatterjhall Thorpe, abutting on die River kVubam

and River Bane, in the said County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the County of fork.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common F ields, Common Pastures, and such other

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, as are within -

. and fplely belonging to, the Lordship of Caiflor, in the

County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all.the

Open Common F ields, Meadows, Pasture Lands, .Cpm-

mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Lud-

dington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in

the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the

County of Nottingham.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole

Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sharrington, in

the County of Norfolk.

100. An Act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the

Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Wastes, and Heath

Grounds, and other Open and uninclosed Lands, in the

Parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the County

of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

F'ields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise

Stoke Rochford, in the County of Lincoln.

ioz. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows and Pastures, in the Parish of Tarring-

ton, in the County of Hereford.

ioj. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other

uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or

Lordship, and Parish of East Bridgford, in the County

of Nottingham.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Farrar

Esquire, with Mary Goldsmith his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

105. Ati Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend

iVilliam Brook Jones Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife,

and to enable him to marry again, and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

106. An Act for dissolving the Mrrriage of Richard Moor font

Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth

Clarke, and for enabling him to marry again, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

7 I

4

107. An

