C. io.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

The following

additional Du-

ties of Excise to

be paid in Great

Britain;

c unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein-after respectively mentioned and do

the»efore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised

levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflfors, for and in respect

of the several Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Duties already imposed for or

in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties of Excise herein-after mentioned

that is to say,; ' ' *

ForFrenchWine,

for which all the

Duties were not

paid by FeK 23,

1795, 30I. per

Tun; and lor

Wine of all other

Sorts imported,

ao 1. per Tun.

For FrenchWine

found in Stock,

on the first Sur-

vey, after Feb.

23, *795> 3ol#

perTun;

and for Wine of

all other Sorts so

found, 201.

For every Barrel

of Sweets made

in Great Britain

for Sale, iis.

7 d. 1 q.

For every T'un of French Wine imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or

less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the twenty-third

Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty

of thirty Pounds:

For every Tun of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the

Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts imported into Great Britain, and so in Pro-

tien for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or

before the said twenty-third Day of February owe thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the

Importer thereof, a Duty of twenty Pounds:

For every 'Fun of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall have

been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, after the said twenty-third Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession, of any Dealer

or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer cr Dealers, or Seller or Sellers

a Duty of thirty Pounds: ,

For every 'fun of Portugal and Mad'ira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the

Dominions of the King of Spain, and Wine of all other Sorts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less

Quantity, which shall have been found on the first adnal Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, after the

fard twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Stock, Custody, or

Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, to be paid by such Dealer or

Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, a Duty ofttwenty Pounds:

For every Barrel of Liquor w’hich (hah be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or

otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials what-

soever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made IVines, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or less Quantity, to be made by the Maker thereof, a Duty of eleven Shillings and

seven Pence Farthing.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

of Excd'c.

Hew Wine

found in Stock

shall be efti-

nuted, and how

the Duties there-

on shall be paid.

A& not to ex-

tend to Stock for

which the addi-

tional Duty shall

have been paid

on Importation,

nor where the

Stock does not

exceed 252

Gallons.

33 Geo. III. Cap.

48, allowing a

Drawback of

Duties on Wines

used on board the

Navy, to extend

to the Port of

Dartmouth.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed

as (lull arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commis-

sioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time

being.

HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in estimating the said additional Duties

hereby imposed on Foreign Wine, as being found upon such actual Survey as aforesaid, in the Stock, Cuf-

tody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, after the said twenty-

third Day of iFebruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, which shall be in Bottles, five reputed

Quart Bottles shall be reckoned to the Gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such Gallons to the Tun

and the said additional Duties payable on Foreign Wine, as being in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of

such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine as aforesaid, shall be paid in Manner fol-

lowing; that is to fey, One Fourth Part thereof on the third Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five; One other Fourth Part thereof on the third Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five; One other Fourth Part thereof on the seventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five; and the remaining Fourth Part thereof on the second Day of January one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-six. # . '

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to charge with any Duty by virtue of this Act, any Foreign Wine in the Stock, Custody,

or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for which the additional Duty

by this Act imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof; nor any Foreign Wine in the Stock, Cuf-

tody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, unless such Dealer or

Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her, or their Stock, Custody, or Possession on such actual Sur-

vey as aforesaid, after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five a

Quantity or Quantities of such Foreign Wine exceeding two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, reckoning

five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon for all such Wine as shall be in Bottles.

V. And whereas by the herein-before recited Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise paid on the Importation

4 of Wines into Great Britain is allowed on any Sort of Wine intended for jhe Use of Admirals, Captains

4 or other commissioned Officers employed in his Majesty’s Service, for their actual Consumption on board

4 such of his Majesty’s Ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every Year, in the Proportions therein men-

4 tioned, and unitar the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeiture , cjntained in the said

4 recited Act; and it is among other Things provided that the said Drawback shall not be allowed upon any

4 Wines

