627

A.D. 1797.’ ving Annoying tricesimo.feptimo Georgii III. G. 108.

had, used, or worn, in any House inhabited by any of the Royal Family, or by any such Ambafl’ador or

Foreign Minider. * -> ^ }

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to ex-

tend to charge wiih the Duty herehy imposed any Servant in Husbandry dwelling with his or her Masteror

Midrefs, in any Dwelling House exempt from the Payment of the said Duties on inhabited Houses, by the

Act of the nineteenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, before mentioned ; nor to any Non-commissioned

Officer or Private in his Majesty's Army, or in the Marines or the Militia, nor to any Seaman in his Ma-

jedy’s Navy, or employed in the Merchant Service.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

extend to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Maker of or Dealer iit Clocks, Watches, or Time-

keepers, in respect of any Clock, Watch, or Timekeeper, kept by him for Sale, or intruded to him or his

Servants or Workmen, in the Course of Trade ; such Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Time-

keepers, being duly licensed thereunto by virtue of this A& ; nor any Pawnbroker in respect of any Clock,

Watch, or Timekeeper, kept for Sale or in Pledge, such Pawnbroker being duly licensed thereunto by vir-

tue of the Laws now in Force.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That every Person tiling and exercising the Trade and Business of a

Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, within the City of London^ or the City or

Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Alary-le-Bone ^ or Saint Pan-

eras, in the County of Middlesex, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and who shall

take out a Licence to ufc and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks,

Watches, or Timekeepers, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and that every Person using and exercising the said

Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, without the City of

London, the City and Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-

Ic-bone, and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, in the County of

Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or

Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one Shilling.

XXVII. And, for the better and more effectually raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties

hereby granted on Licences, be it enacted, That the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Ma-

pagement, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to

employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall

be necessary ; and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps, as they shall think fit, to denote the said Duties,

and to repair, renew, and alter the-faine from Time to Time as they shall fee Occasion, and to do all other

Matters and Things necessary to be dojie for putting this ACt in Execution with relation to the said Duties

hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are au-

thorized to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning damped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this A<d, any two or more of

his Majesty’s Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, or fomc Person duly authorized by them, or any three or more of them, shall grant Licences to such

Persons who shall use and exercise the Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or

Timekeepers, in any City, Town, or Place within Great Britain, to use and exercise the fame within such

City, Town, or Place, for any Space of 'Time as hereinafter mentioned, not exceeding one Year, and every

such Licence shall ccafe and determine on the fifth Day of July in the Year for which the fame shall be

issued ; and every such Licence taken out for the Year in which the fame shall be iflticd, shall be in Force

until and upon the fi th Day of July then next following, and shall commence from the Date thereof; and

every such Licence trkenout for any Year subsequent to the Year in which the fame shall be issued, shall

commence from the fifth Day of July then next ensuing, and continue in Force until and upon the fifth Day

of July in the succeeding Year; and that every such Person shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year,

ten Days at lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he shall have been licensed, if he shall conti-

nue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches* or ’Time-

keepers, and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums

due on such Licence, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of a Maker

of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers.

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That Persons carrying on their Trade and Business of Makers of, or

Dealers in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, in Partnership, shall not be obliged to take out more than one

Licence in any one Year for carrying on such Trade or Business.

XXX. And be it further enaCted, That every Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of a

Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, not having a Licence to use or exercise the Trade

or Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, who shall, after the fird Day of

Jugufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, within the Limits hereinbefore described, and after

the fird Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without the said Limits, carry on

the said Trade and Business of a Maker of, or Dealer in Clocks, Watches, or Timekeepers, without hav-

IY - * 4 M 2 ing

Nor to certain

Hufbandmcr,

nor Soldi, r*,

Marine*, or

Sailors:

N tr to the Stock

of licensed Mak-

ers of, or Dealer*

in, Clocks and

Watches, or li-

confed Pawn-

brokers.

Makers of, or

D:a trs m,

Clocks and

Watches, taking

out a Licence,

to pay annually,

within certain

Lin* ts, »s. 6d.

and without, is.

Licence Duties

to be under trie

Management of

the Commission-

ers for Stamps.

Commissioners

to grant Li-

cences, which

shall commence

and continue in

Force as herein

speciticd.

Licence to be

renewed yearly.

One Licence

sufficient for

Partners.

Persons carrying

on BuiTnefs

witliouc a Li-

cence to forfe it

5k

