620

under 36 Geo. 3.

c. 1 5. and to be

subject to 20I.

per Cent.

Horses furnish-

for Volunteer

Corps exempted

from Duties im-

posed by this

A&, and

36 Geo. 3. c. 15.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

for the Affairs of

Taxes.

From April 5,

1798, Duties

imposed by yhis

A ft, and

36Geo. 3. c. 15.

may be assessed

in one Sum.

• Cap. 69.

First Assessment

to be made for

three Quarters

of a Y ear, from

July 5, 1797,

and afterwards

lor a Year, and

to be paid Quar-

ts ly.

Duties to be af-

certained, &c.

as former Du-

ties.

C. 106. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1797.

two Shillings by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall yield and pay annually

an additional Duty of three Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; which said Duty shall

also be subject to an additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum on the Produce and

Amount contained in any AUeffment thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall fetve in any Volunteer Corps-

raised by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and shall provide a Horse, Mare, or Geld-

ing, liable to the Duties by this Act imposed, for such Service, or who shall, at his or her Expence, furnish.

a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, liable to the said Duties, for any Person serving in any such Corps as afore-

laid, shall be charged or chargeable for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, with the additional Duties by this

Act imposed, or the former Duties imposed by an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, ( An Act for granting to his Majesty new Duties on certain Horfys not charged with

Duty by any other Ail or Acts of Parliament, and on Mules)* rorjjjf

III. And be it further #nadted, That for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-

mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall be here-

after authorized or ^appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Houses

and Windows or Lights, and inhabited Houses, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with relation

to the aforesaid Duties, and the Powers therein contained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stew-

artries. Ridings, Divi lions, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the

Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several Surveyors, Inspedtors, Assessors, and Collectors, respec-

tively appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts before mentioned, #r any of them, shall be Sur-

veyors, Inspedtors, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present Act, according to the respec-

tive Powers and Authorities given to them by the said former Acts, or any of them; and the said Commis-

sioners, and other the Persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the Execution of the said several Acts

before mentioned, relative to the said former Rates or Duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby

respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with

relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of

them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said former Acts relative, to the said Rates and Duties, or

any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making the several Assess-

ments of two Shillings and three Shillings under this present Act, and the Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, before mentioned, to make one Assessment at the Rate of five Shillings for each

Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, assessed by this Act, instead and in lieu of the said two several Alieflments;

and in making the several Afl'eflments under this present Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty

Pounds per Centum, and of the Duties of ten Pounds per Centum, and of ten Pounds per Centum under the

Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, before mentioned, to make one Assessment

after the Rate of twenty Pounds upon the Amount of the said respective Duties, together with such other

Duties as shall be included in the fame Assessment, and to return the fame to the respective Commissioners,

in the Manner, and under the Regulations and Directions, prescribed by an Act, passed in the present Sef-

fion of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for granting to his Alajejly additional Duties on the Amount of certain

Duties under the Management of the Comm 'issioners for the Affairs of Taxes , and that the respective Collectors

shall and may collect and receive the said Duties accordingly. kV; stir

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act of* the Duties

hereby imposed, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards the Assessment of the Duties charged by this Act shall be made for

one Year, from the fifth Day of Aj>ril in every Year; and that the Duties, so to be assessed under this Act;

shall be paid Quarterly, at the Times and in Manner following; (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of

January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by

equal Portions; the first of the said Payments on die said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year, to be

made on the tenth Day of Oilober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed (halland may be ascertained,

managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Disabilities, and according to such general Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which the Rates and Duties

on Horses kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing, or by which the Rates

and Duties granted by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, before-mentioned,

are or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far

as any of the said Rules, Methods, and Directions, are exprelsly varied by this Act; and all and every the

Powecs, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in

any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, now in Force, and not

hereby otherwise provided, for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said Rates and Du-

ties, by any of the said former Acts granted, as far as the lame are applicable to the Duties by this Act imposed,

shall be in full Force and duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Bri-

tain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effec-

tually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, For-

