A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III?

C. 89.

883

Land or Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance, and if it be Rock Salt which is intended to be re-

moved, whether it be for the Purpose of being refined by the Person to whom the fame is to be sent, or for

making Mineral Alkali, or for Exportation in its native unrefined State, or if it be other Salt, whether it

be for Home Consumption or for Exportation, or to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish

respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of

Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Pit, Salt Mine, or Salt Work, shall respectively, daily

and every Day, enter in a Book or Paper to be provided for that Purpose, an exact and particular Account

cfeach and every Parcel, Quantity, or Load of Salt or Rock Salt fold, delivered, or sent out by such Maker

or Makers, Refiner cr Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors re(pe3ively, and shall diffinguifii the Kind or

Species of Salt, and whether the fame is fold, delivered, or sent out for Home Trade or Consumption, or

for immediate Exportation, or for Removal to one of such Export Warehouses, specifying the fame, and the

Owner thereof, or to be used or employed in curing and preserving Fish, or Rock Salt for refining, or for

making Mineral Alkali; and such Book or Paper shall be returned to the next Office of Excise every fix

Weeks, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall be then and there verified upon the Oath of such

Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, or his, her, or their Chief Workmen

or Agent, before the proper Collc3or or Supervisor of Excise, and the several and respeilive ColIe3ors and

Supervisors of Excise are hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath accordingly; and in case

any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall negle3 or refuse to

keep such Book or Paper, or to make due Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this

A3, or shall neglect or refuse to return the fame as hereinbefore directed, or to verify the said Entries, or

any of them, upon Oath, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall,

for each and every fuchOffence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further ena3td, 'I'hat all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Re-

finers of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, shall, within

one Week after he, flic, or they shall have or ought to have made such Entry upon Oath as lass aforesaid,

pay and clear off all the Duties for and*in respc3 of Salt or Rock Salt, which shall be due from him, her, or

them respectively; and that every such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors,

who shall negle3 or refuse to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, double

■the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so negle3ed or refused.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further cna3ed, T hat all and every Maker or Makers of Salt,

Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salk Work,

shall weekly, and at the End of every Week, pay and clear off all the Duties for or in respe3 of Salt and

Rock Salt which shall have been charged to such Maker or Makers, Refiner of Refiners, or Proprietor or

P.oprietors, in the then current Week, unless such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or

Proprietors, shall have given Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the

Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in double the Value of the

Duties which such Commissioners. of Excise, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall judge l.kely to

— __ y ifi n n ... ^Ar%________ 4*__________ A_y___

arise,

Propi

and |______o______|

Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, for or in refj>e3 of Salt or Rock Salt; and that if any Maker or

Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Sait Pit,

or Salt Work, who shall not have given such Bond or Security as aforesaid, shall negle3 or refuse to pay

and clear off weekly, and at the End of every Week, all the Duties for and in respe3 of Salt or Rock Salt

which shall be due from or unpaid by him, her, or them, such Maker or Makers, Renner or Refiners, or

Proprietor or Proprietors, shall forfeit for every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the

Payment shall be so ntgk3ed or refused.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Salt and Rock Sift, and all Materials, Preparations, Imple-

ments, Machines, Utensils, and Vessels, in the Custocly of any Alaker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Re-

finers of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt \Vrork, or in the Cuf-

tody of any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trust for such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners,

or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall be subje3 and liable to, and the fame are hereby made charge-

able with all and fir gular the Duties of Excise in Arrear, cr owing from Time to Time by such Maker or

Makers, Refiner or Rtfiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, for or in respe3 of any Salt made or refined, or

Reck Salt raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, by hitn, her, or them respectively, and shall

also be subject to all p'ines, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Re-

finers, or Proprittor or Proprietors, for any Offence against this A3, and that it shall and may be lawful in

all such Cafes 10 levy such Duties,-Fines, and Penalties, and to use such Proceedings as tnay lawfully be

done, in relation to such Salt and Rock Salt, Materials, Preparations, Implements, Machines, Utensils, and

V ellels, as it the Debtor or Offender was the true and lawful Owner thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Rock Salt shall be found removing to, or shall be de-

livered at or on the Premises belonging to any Salt Refinery or Salt Work whatsoever, without a legal Per*

A daily Ac-

count to be kept

of Salt or Rock

Salt fold or de-

livered, and for

what Purposes,

winch shall

every fix Wetki

be returned to

the next Excise

Office, and

there verified on

Oath, on Penal,

ty of tool.

Within a Week

after such Entry

on Oath, the

Duties to be

paid on Penalty

of double the

Amount *.

The Duties for

Salt or Rock

Salt charged in

the Week, to be

cleared at the

End thereof,

(unless Bond

lm been given

in double the

probable Duties

in six Weeks,

to pay them at

the End of

every fix

Weeks,) on Pe-

nalty of double

the Amount.

Salt, Material:

&c. in the Cui

tody of Makei

of Salt, See. to

be answerable

for Duties and

Penalties.

sx

mit

Rock Sait re.

moving to, or

delivered on

Premifrs be -

1* it*.

