A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. C. 15, 16.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act, and the Draw-

backs allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, afetfrtained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid,

recovered, and allowed in fuchand the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Means, Ways, or

Methods, by which the Duties of Customs imposed, and the Drawbacks allowed on the like Goods, by an

Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things, for re-

pealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, were or might

be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed ; and the said

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act respectively made chargeable with Duties of Customs, or

entitled to Drawbacks thereof on Exportation, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to

all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftridhons, and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Act of Acts of Parliament in force, on and imme-

diately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or ForYeiture, for any Of-

fence whatever committed against or in Preach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and imme-

diately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or

Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are

hereby dircdlcdand declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution,

for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Customs hereby respectively charged

and allowed, (as far as the fame are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and

Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it luither enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the several new and

additional Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the

fame respectively excepted,) shall from'I ime to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer

at IVcftminster; and the said Money, fu paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Con-

folidated bund. .. * ; 1 #

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise as aforesaid, or so much thereof

as shall be sufficient, (nail be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the in-

creased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock created, or to be created, by virtue of any

Act or Acts passed or to be passed in thisSession of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space

often Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dif-

tindlly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept,

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Pook or Books in

which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act,

ill all, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the

Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XIL ‘ And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Application of the Profit to arise to the Public

c by the Provisions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the

* Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar \ be it therefore enacted, That, from

and after the paffin^ of this Act, so much of the before-recited Act, as directs the Application and Jetting

apart of the several bums of Money therein mentioned and described, shall be repealed; and that the Sum of

twenty-nine thousand one hundred and sixty-nine Pounds one Shilling and five Pence, being one-fourth Part

of the Sum of one hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and seventy-six Pounds five Shillings and eight

Pence, the annual average Amount of the Saving to the Public, at the Rate of Reductions of Bounties and

drawbacks by the before recited Act, according to the Average of the Exportation of Sugars for three

"Years previous to the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall Quarterly,

upon the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, tjje fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of Oftobery

in every Year, during the Period of nine Years, be set apart from the Money paid into the Receipt of his

\Iaiefty’s Exchequer arising from the Duties of Customs; and the said Sum of one hundred and sixteen thou-

sand six hundred and seventy-six Pounds five Shillings and-eight Pence, shall be deemed an Addition made

to tile Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock

created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament; and that there shall be pro-

vided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt cf his Majesty’s Exchequer, during the said Pe-

riod of nine Years, a Book or Books, in which the Monies so set apart, and arising from the said Reduction

of Drawback and Bounties, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted

in the last Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying Dch increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered,

separaic and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any

Account whatever. . "

u ,.u gp cap. xvi.

, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Strge Coaches.

[28th December 1796.]

* Mofl Gracious Sovereign,

* jE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjrcle, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament af-

4 yV femblrd, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Ex; cnees, and

5- Geo. III. 3S ‘making

4P9

Duties and

Drawbacks to be

paid and allow-

according to

27 Geo. 111.

Cap. 13.

Coeds, dec. sub-

jedt to the Re-

gulations pro*

vided by Law

before parting

this Act, fzc.

Pains and Pe-

nalty s of former

Acts to extend

to Offences un-

der this Act.

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carried to the

Consolidated

Fund.

Application of

the Duties.

36 Geo. 111.

Cap. 18. recited,

and so much

thereof as di-

redts the Appli-

cation of Mo-

ney therein

mentioned re--

pealed, and the

Application to

be made as

herein men-

tioned*

V

