A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo leptimo Georgii III. C. 139,140

669

j-Jjgg ' cap. cxxxix.

An Act for allowing a further Time for carrying into Execution certain Powers contained

in two Acts of the present Session of Parliament, for raising a provisional Cavalry, so

far as rhe fame relate to the rrgiftering and accepting of Volunteers in lieu of the said

provisional Cavalry, in such Counties,* and Subdivisions of Counties, wherein the said

Acts have not been carried into Execution.—L20th July 1797 ]

f to rajs a proviftonal rorce of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of for the Defense of

,,v__________ , ctriain Provisions are made for railing, in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in

that Part of Great Britain called England, a Body of Cavalry for his Majesty’h Service, to be kept in

4 Readiness to be called out into actual Service whenever it shall be necelUry, in order to repel any Invasion

that might be attempted by the Enemies of the Country: And whereas, by another Act, passed in the

4 same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain ana amend an Act, made in the present Session of

4 Parliament, intituled, 44 An A: I for enabling his IvJaje/ly to ra i fe a provisional Force of Cavalry, to be em -

“ bodied, in case of Nccefity, for the Defence of these KingdomsPowers are given to the Deputy Lieu-

4 tenants and justices of the Peace, acting in the Execution of the said Acts, for any Subdivision of any

4 County, Riding, or Tiviiion, to suspend the further Execution of the said first- mentioned Act within such

4 Subdivision, in case three fourth Parts of the whole Number of Men to be raised within such Subdivision

4 should be registered, within a l ime therein limited, as Volunteers, raised and formed under the Authority

4 of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for en-

4 couraging and d f iplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll therrselves for the De~

4 fence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom during the present l^'ar;

4 and also to suspend the Operation of the said Act, as to classing and ballotting for the said provisional

4 Cavalry, in cale any Number of such Volunteers should be registered for particular Clalles: And whereas

4 certain Counties, and Subdivisions of Counties, have not proceeded to execute the first-mentioned Act;

4 and it is expedient to allow a further Time for registering Volunteers under the Authority of the said Act of

4 the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in order that the Execution of the said first-

4 mentioned Act may be suspended in such Subdivisions and ClaHes respectively, in the Manner directed by

4 and under the Terms contained in the last rpentiuned Ad of the present Session of Parliament:* May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. T hat all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Mat-

ters, and Things, in the said last mentioned Act of the present Session of Parliament contained, with rc-

sped to the approving and registering of Volunteers raised or formed under the Authority of the said Act of the

thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within the Time therein limited, and to the suspending

the further Execution of the said Acts of the present Session of Parliament, or either of them, in the Manner

therein d redlcd, shall be, and the fame are hereby extended and declared to be in full Force, until and upon

the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in all and every the said Counties, and

Subdivisions of the said Counties, in which the said Acts of the present Session of Parliament have not been

executed; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

jw*’ c. 6 and 23. extended to 0<ft. 1,1797, in

j,Jjg. ’ c A P. CXL.

An Act to enable His Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional Pardons to

Persons under Sentence by Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under

such Sentences.—[20th July 1797-]

4 XT WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually for the Performance of the Conditions upon

W which his Majesty may be graciously pleased to grant conditional Pardons to Offenders liable to

4 the Punishment of Death by Sentence of Naval Courts Martialbe it enacted by the King’s most excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if his Majesty shall be graci-

oufly pleased to extend his Mercy to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a

Naval Court Martial, upon Condition of Transportation, or of transporting himself beyond Seas, or

upon Condition of being imprisoned within any Gaol in Great Britain, or on Condition of being kept to

Hard Labour in any Gaol or House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, or on any River, under the Di-

rection of any Superintendant or Superintendants legally appointed for the Charge of Offenders sentenced

t) Hard Labour on such River, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the King’s Bench, Common

Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif, upon such Intention of Meicy as aforesaid

being notified in Writing by one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to allow to such Offender

11 ‘ the

37 Ce®. 3. c. 6.

and

c. 23 recited.

34Geo. 3. c. 3*.

Powers of

37 Geo 3.

c. 23. as to ap-

proving and re-

giftering Volun-

teers raised un-*

der 34 Geo. 3.

c. 31. and as to

suspending the

further Execu-

tien of 37GCO. 3.

certain Counties.

If his Majesty

shall extend his

iMcrcy to Per-

fons liable to

Death by the

Sentence of a

Naval Court

Martial,ajuflice

of the King’s

Bench,&c. may,

on Notification

