A.D. 1798.

tricesimo

C. 71.

?33

*gk‘;v . cap. lxxi.

An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Cads of Buds, and other

Things therein mentioned.—[21ft Ju7ie 1798.]

^WHEREAS divers Persons have, by their own Genius, Indudry, Pains, and Expence, improved

4 vV and brought the Art of making new Models and Cads of Buds, and of Statues of Human

4 Figures, and of Animals, to great Perfection, in Hopes to have reaped the foie Benefit of their Labours;

4 but that divers Persons have (without the Consent of the Proprietors thereof) copied and made Moulds from

4 the said Models and Cads, and fold base Copies and Cads of such new Models and Cads, to the great Pre-

4 judice and Detriment of the original Proprietors, and to the Discouragement of the Art of making such

4 new Models and Cads as aforesaid :* For Remedy whereof, and for preventing such Practices for the

future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the paffingoftbis

Act, every Person who shall make or cause to be made any new Model, or Copy or Cad made from such

new Model, of any Bud, or any Part of the Human Figure, or any Statue of the Human Figure, or the

Head of any Animal, or any Part of any Animal, or the Statue of any Animal; or shall make or cause to

be made any new Model, Copy, or Cad from such new Model, in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any Work in

which the Representation of any Human Figure or Figures, or the Representation of any Animal or Ani-

mals shall be introduced, or shall make or cause to be made any new Cad from Nature of any Part or Parts

of the Human Figure, or of any Part or Parts of any Animal, shall have the foie Right and Property in

every such new Model, Copy, or Cad, and also in every such new Model, Copy, or Cad in Alto or Basso

Believo, or any Work as aforesaid, and also in every such new Cad from Nature as aforesaid, for and during

the Term of fourteen Years from the Time of fird publishing the fame : Provided always, That every Per-

son who shall make or cause to be made any such new Model, Copy, or Cad, or any such new Model,

Copy, or Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any Work as aforesaid, or any new Cad from Nature as afore-

said, shall cause his or her Name to be put thereon, with the Date of the Publication, before the fame shall

be published and exposed to Sale.

. II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, within the said Term of fourteen Years, make or

cause to be made any Copy or Cad of any such new Model, Copy, or Cad, or any such Model, Copy, or

Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or any such new Cad from Nature as afore-

said, either by adding to or diminishing from any such new Model, Copy, or Cad, or adding to or dimi-

nishing from any such new Model, Copy, or Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid,

or adding to or diminifhing from any such new Cad from Nature, or shall cause or procure the fame to be

done, or shall import any Copy or Cad of such new Model, Copy, or Cad, or Copy or Cad of such new

Model, Copy, or Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid, or any Copy or Cad of

any such new Cad from Nature as aforesaid, for Sale, or shall fell or otherwise disposeof, or cause or pro-

cure to be sold or exposed to Sale, or otherwise disposed of, any Copy or Cad of any such new Model,

Copy, or Call, or any Copy or Cad of such new Model, Copy, or Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any

such Work as aforesaid, or any Copy or Cad of any such new Cad from Nature as aforesaid, without the

express Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof fird had and obtained, in Writing signed by him,

her, or them respectively, with his, her, or their Hand or Hands, in the Presence of and atteded by two

or more credible Witnesses, then and in all or any of the Cafes aforesaid, every Proprietor or Proprietors of

any such original Mode), Copy, or Cad, and every Proprietor or Proprietors of any such original Model,

or Copy or Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work as aforesaid,or the Proprietor or Proprietors of

any such new Cad from Nature as aforesaid respectively, shall and may, by and in a special Action upon the

Cafe, to be brought again!} the Person or Persons so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the

Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Enquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with

full Cods of Suit.

III. Provided nevertheless, That no Person who shall hereafter purchase the Right, either in any such

Model, Copy, or Cad, or in any such Model, Copy, or Cad in Alto or Basso Relievo, or any such Work

as aforesaid, or any such new Cad from Nature, of the original Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall be

subject to any Action for vending or selling any Cad or Copy from the same ; any Thing contained in this

Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That all Actions to be brought as aforesaid, against any Person or Persons for any Of-

fence committed against this Act, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Discovery

of every such Offence, and not afterwards. A ,

The foie Right

and Property of

making Models

or Calls shall be

veiled in the

original Pro-

prietor for 14

Years.

Persons making

Copies of any

Model or Call,

without the

written Consent

of the Proprie-

for, may be

pro touted for

Damages, by a.

special Action

on the Cafe.

Except such

Persons who

shall purchase

the fame of the

original Pro-

prietor.

Limitation of

Actions.

38 Geo. III.

CAP.

