A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 122.

iy* Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Injury would arise to any Persons or Person

against whom any Demand shall be made by virtue of this Act, if such Demand should be enforced in the

Whole or in Part by reason of the Length of Time elapsed since the passing of the said recited Acts, which

Injury might not have arisen if such Demands had been sooner made, it shall be lawful for such Persons or

Person to give in Evidence in any Suit any Matters tending to shew such Injury, and so much only shall be

recovered against such Persons or Person as in Justice and Equity, under all the Circumstancos of the Cafe,

ought to be recovered.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person against whom any Demand

shall be made by virtue of this Act shall be desirous of compromising the fame with the said Commissioners

and Governors, or of referring the Consideration thereof to Arbitration, it shall be lawfuf for the said

(Jommissioners and Governors to compromise the fame, in such Manner as they shall deem reasonable, all

Circumstances considered, or to refer the Consideration thereof to Arbitration, and to authorize the Arbi-

trator or Arbitrators to be named for that Purpose, to make all such Allowances as may be reasonable in

respect of the Length of Time which has elapsed since the passing of the said recited Acts, and all Circuin-

fbnees attending the Affairs of the several Persons against whom or against whose Representatives such De-

mands may be made.

217

Wher« Injury

would arise from

Demands not

having been

sooner made, it

may be givtn in

Evidence.

Demands may

be compromif-

, or referred

to

CAP. CXXII.

» < f

An Act to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs

of Barony in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain Dif-

ficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts of

that Kingdom. — [26th June 1795.]

10 Geo. II.

Cap. 43, re-

cited.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether by an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of

VV his late Majesty King George the Second, for taking away andabolishing the Heritable furfdiftions

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Prerogative of his Majesty to erect free and indepen-

4 dent Burghs of Barony in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland was taken away or abolished: And

4 whereas the Erection of such independent Burghs of Barony may be very beneficial for encouraging the

c Erection of Villages, which are particularly necessary upon the Sea Coasts of Scotland, in those Places

where the Fishings are carried on, and which are generally at a great Distance from the ordinary Courts

4 of La^yMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this nrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and

may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to erect such independent Burghs of Barony, in

such Parts of the Sea Coasts of Scotland, where the Fisheries are or shall be carried on, in the usual ban-

ner practised before the passing of the said Act of the twentieth of his late Majesty; and that it shall and

may be lawful for all Persons who are enabled by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for incorporating certain Persons by the Name and Stile of The Bri-

4 tish Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coajl of this Kingdom,* and to enable them,

when incorporated, to subjeribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, dnd build thereon free Towns,

Villages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and

for other Purposes \ and who have agreed or shall hereafter agree to fell or feu Lands to the said British

Society, for the Purpose of erecting Villages and of encouraging the said Fisheries, to resign the fame into

the Hands of the said Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, for a new Charter thereof, and for erecting the

fame into independent Burghs of Barony, with Powers to the Inhabitants, or to such Descriptions of them

as may be described in such Charter, to eledla Baron Baillie or Baillies, or other Magistrate or Magistrates,

annually, in the same Manner as such Charters were usually made and granted before the passing of the said

Act of the twentieth Year of his late Majesty, and with such Powers and Jurisdiction, Civil and Criminal,

to the said Magistrate or Magistrates, as are reserved by the said Act to the Magistrates of independent

Burehs of Barony then existing; and it shall be lawful for such Persons, after obtaining such Charter

and infeftment thereon, to grant in feu to the said Society such Lands, reserving such Feu Duty as shall be

agreed upon j any Thing contained in the said Act of the twentieth of his late Majesty to the contrary

notwithstanding. ^:

II. And be it enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates so elected annually shall, within the Limits

of the said respective Burghs of Barony, have and exercise all the other Powers which now belong, or which

shall hereafter belong, to any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, by virtue of their respective Offices, without the Qualification in respect to Property usually re-

quired in die Cafe of other Justices of the Peace: Provided always, that the Justices of the Peace of the re-

Ipeclive Counties within which the said Villages lie, shall have a concurrent Jurisdiction within such Villages

with such Magistrate or Magistrates respectively: Provided also, that before any Report shall be made to

his Majesty, in consequence of any Reference to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, relating to the grant-

ing of such Charters, or any of them, due Notice shall be given to all such Persons as, in the Opinion of

such Court, may be affected by the granting the fame, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct, that

they maybe heard against the granting such Charters respectively, if they shall so think proper.

1 nraKu ' given Parties concerned.

ITI. And whereas, for promoting the Purposes of the said Act, the said British Society have purchased

Lands for building Villages in several Places in the remote Parts of Scotland, and have agreed to grant

3S Geo. III. Ff 4 Leases,

His Majesty

may crest inde-

pendent Burgh*

of Barony in

certain Parts of

Scotland, as

practised prevU

ous t6 recited

Act; and Per*

Tons felling

Lands to the

Society incor-

porated by

26 Geo. III.

Cap. 106, may

resign them to

the Barons of

Exchequer in

Scotland, for

xrefting them

into such

Burghs, Ac.

Magistrates

within the LU

mits of such

Burghs to exer-

cife the Power

of Justices con-

current with the

Countyjustices.

Picvious Notice

of Reports to his

Majesty, relas-

ing to granting

Charters, to be

