A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo o<ftavo Georgii III. C.12, 13.

Majesty, by Order in Council, fHall direct: And whereas for Want of Returns from the said Counties,

4 Stewartries, Cities, and Places, where the said Act has not been carried into Execution, his Majesty hath

4 not been able to make such Divifton Be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and notwithstand-

ing no Accounts or States of Persons liable to serve as Militia Men have been transmitted for certain of the

said Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, it {hall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council,

from the Lifts, States, and Accounts, already transmitted to his Majesty’s Privy Council, previously to ap-

portion and divide over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which such Lifts, States,

and Accounts, have been transmitted, the Number of Militia Men to serve for each such County, Stewartry,

City, or Place; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That untjl such Time as Returns shall have been transmitted to

his Majesty’s Privy Council fron all the Counties, otewartries. Cities, and Places, in Scotland, the total

Number of Militia Men to be apportioned for thofd Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, from which

Returns have been received, as directed by the said Act, shall not exceed five thousand five hundred.

687

apportion the

N u mber of Men

to lerve for

each Place

from whence

Return* Iiave

been transinit-

ted.

fional Apjx>r-

tionment may

be increased on

Receipt of the

whole Return*.

Till the whole

Returns are

transmitted,

the Total to be

apportioned for

V - " . V * Places from whence Returns have been sent, shall not exceed 5 500$

IV. Provided also, That if upon the Returns being made from the remaining Counties, Stewartries, Suchprovi-

Cities, or Places, where the said Act has not been carried into Execution, it shall appear to his Majesty in

Council that the Number of Men to be apportioned over the said remaining Counties, Stewartries, Cities,

or Places, together with the Numbers already apportioned, will not complete the Number to be raised by

the said Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to make such further Apportionment

of Men to be raised over the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, for which such Provisional

Apportionment shall have been before made, as to his Majesty in Council shall seem expedient and necessary

to carry into Effect the Provisionsof the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieu-

tenants, of each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, {hall, upon Receipt of his Majesty’s Order in Council

aforesaid, summon a General Meeting of the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of

them, at some Burgh or principal Town of the said County, Stewartry, or Place, not later than fourteen

Days after the Receipt of the said Order in Council, at which General Meeting the Number of Men to be

ballotted for in each Subdivision or District of the said County, Stewartry, City, or Place, shall be fixed and

apportioned; which Ballot shall take place as directed by the said Act *, and the Copy of the Roll or Rolls

of Militia Men balloted for and thereby ordered to be affixed to the Door of each Parish Church, may be so

affixed by the Schoolmaster of such Parish, or by a Constable or other Officer any Thing in the said Act

On Receipt of

his Majesty*s

Order in Coun-

cil for that

Purpose,' a Ge-

neral Meeting

of Lieutenancy

to be summon-,

within 14

Days, to appor-

tien the Num-

to the contrary notwithstanding.

her to be balloted for in each Distritt.

§ 18.

tenant

Lifts for two or

more DistTifts

may be added

together.

District, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every such County, Stewartry, City, or

Place, as equal and impartial as possible; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or

Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal or in the Absence

of his Majesty’s said Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, may summon a>

General Meeting, or District or Subdivision Meeting, at such Times and Places as they may think necef-

gm / % 1 m # -La I i — - J — M m .1 « J A XX m« « ] I m mm mm A I — A II. L. ML J . m 1 — I - f _ - 11 1*- IX I A

fary for

be

fa

and Authorities as are given to them respectively by the said recited Act and this present Act, and may be ad-

journed from Time to Time as may be found necessary.

General or

Distria Meet-

ings may be

summoned at

any Time for

the further Ex-

ecution of the

A a*.

" CAP. XIII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty* ninth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-

jesty King George the Second *, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Com- CaP* 5*

missions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad as Officers

or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Re-

strictions and Qualifications.—[30th December 1797.]

y mm

« TT WHEREAS it is judged expedient for the better Defence of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, to

« augment his Majesty’s sixtieth Regiment of Infantry, now confining of four Battalions of one

» thousand Men each, by the Addition of a filth Battalion, to consist in like Manner of one thousand Men,

and to inlist as Soldiers, to serve in the said Fifth Battalion \n America, any of the Foreign T roops now in

4 his Majesty’s Pay, or other Foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves to serve as Soldiers therein:

4 And whereas such Foreigners cannot so well be disciplined, without the Assistance of some Officers who are

4 acquainted with their Manners and Language: And whereas it is expedient, in the present Juncture of

4 Aftairs, to facilitate the speedy raising of such fifth Battalion, and to enable a certain Number of Fo-

HQlT . - v 4 reiga

