4

C. 5. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

Churchwardens and Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not hap-

pened by reason of any wilful Neglect of or Disobedience to the Order, and that the fame hath been unavoid-

able: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers vested in us by the said A&, we did adjudge the said T. IV. and

Z.X. to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and accordingly did fine the Sid T. W. and Z. X.

as such Churchwardens of the said Parish, in the Sum of JT. for such their Default, which Sum

hath not forthwith been paid; these are therefore to command you to levy the said Sum of £.

by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. IV. and Z. X\; and if within the Space of

Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum of £. together with the reasonable

Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and

Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay the said Sum of

£ into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of for the Uses and

Purposes of that Act, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, unto them the said T. IV. and Z. X. the

reasonable Charges of keeping and felling the said Difirefs being first deduced; and if sufficient Distress

cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. IV. and Z. X. whereon to levy the said Sum of

that then you certify the fame to us, together with the Return of this Precept.

Herein fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the Year of

our Lord ,

No. 15.

FORM of Order of levying Rate on Inhabitant or Inhabitants.

To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish of «

M-----? WHEREAS T. IV. and Z* X. the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish of

3 (or Parishes of or Places), have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men

appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled,

^Here set forth the Title of the Aft\y for the said Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera), within the

Time limited to them for doing the fame: And whereas the said Churchwardens and Overseers have been

summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and

that on their appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held at and being examined

by them as to the Cause of such Default; and it having not been made to appear by such Churchwardens

and Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason

of any wilful Neglect of or Disobedience to the Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable: And

whereas it hath been made appear to our Satisfaction, that the fame hath arisen through the wilful

Default of I. M. an Inhabitant of the said Parish of (or if more than one, I. M. O. P.

etcetera, Inhabitants, et cetera): We do therefore adjudge and order, and hereby require, by virtue of

the Powers vested in us by that Act, that you do cause a Rate to be made upon the said I. M. (or

I. M. O. P. etcetera) for his (or their) Default in this Behalf; and that you do raise the fame in such

Manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor are usually made and raised; and that you pay the fame so raised

forthwith into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of for the Uses and Purposes of

the said, Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of

our Lord

‘ 1

No- 16»

FOR M of Order of Justices to the Treasurer of the County.

% k * 4' A § I f * I , l

To the Treasurer of the County of M

M-----7 WE, A. B. and C. D. two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Distrifl

\ of in this County, do hereby order you to transfer in your Account to the Use

of E. F. (inrolled as a Substitute to serve for the Parish of (or Parishes, et cetera, of )

in his Majesty’s Navy, the Sum of£. out of the Money in your Hands arising from the

Fine imposed upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of (or In-

habitants, as the Cafe may be), or for their Default in not raising a Volunteer for the said Parish of

under an A&, intituled, f Here set forth the Title of the Alt.] Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of l

No. 17,

FORM of Order or Warrant to Constables, et cetera, to attend.

il/— To the Constables of or Churchwardens, et cetera, of

WE, A. B. C. D. and E. F. his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the County of

assembled at the (General, or Quarter, or Petty Sessions, as it may be), do hereby require and order you to

attend the j uftices of the Peace assembled at a Sessions of the Peace, on the

Day of at to shew Cause to the said Justices why f Here set out the Default com-

plained of ], or to make a Return (or as the Cafe may be)* Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of

No. 18.

