A.D. 1797.

Anno tricesimo septimo G e o rg i i III. C. 112.

and, upon such Debtors’ appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to

such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or

Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Charges

as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excule,

to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be

sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as determined by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to

the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested, or intended to be vested, in such Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignees as aforesaid, then it

shall and may be lawful to and for such Julhces, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend

such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them to commit to the Common Gaol,

there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they shall submit him, her, or

themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be

put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons

who shall, within ten Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in and

make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as shall not be comprized

in such Schedule as aforesaid, befure any such Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty

Pounds ter Centum out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on

such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the fame* by the Assignee

or Assignees of such Debtor’s Estate and Effcdts.

Lll. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors

by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the

Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then, and in every such Cafe, every such Discharge shall be

void and of none Eff'edt. j '

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at all Times hereafter

for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effedfcs of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pur-

fuance of this Act, by and with the Content of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or

Debtors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on twenty-one Days’ Notice being previously given

for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in The London Gazette, if the Debtor was in Cu(tody in London, or

within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in

the County, City, or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Com-

positions with any Person or Persons, or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the fame shall ap-

pear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Com-

petition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dif-

Sute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on Account or by Reason or

leans of any Matter, Cause, or Thing, relating to the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to

any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and De-

termination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of

such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the

Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the

Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with

such Content as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree, and the fame shall be binding to all the Creditors of

such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they

(bali fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act. ’

ilV. 4 And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor who shall be discharged by

4 virtue of this Act,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall

have accented of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, Real or Personal, of

any such Debtor from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall,

in pursuance of this Act, be chosen of any such Debtor’s Estate, discover and disclose to such Assignee or

Assignees such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to such Assignee or

Assignees, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, foconcealed, to and for the Ule of

the Crditors of any such Debtor, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord at JFeJIjninster^ in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor’s Estate, together

with Treble Costs of Suit.

LV. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of

4 any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees chosen pursuant to

the Directions of the several Acts at the Time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs,

Executors, Admin»strators, and Assigns, refuse to act or meddle therein T'o remedy which, belt enact-

, T hat in all such Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debt-

ors tochufe a new Assignee or Assignees, in Manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, and to obtain a

new Assignemnt from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer aCting as Clerk

of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby re-

quired and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former

Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to aCt or

meddle therein) j and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer aCting as

4P2 Clerk

651

they refuse to

app ar, See. may

commit them.

Reward of 10I.

perCent. lor

discovering any

Part of Debtor’s

Estate not com-

prized in Sche-

dule.

Discharge of

Prisoner fraudu-

lently obtained,

void.

Assignees, with

Confem of Ma-

jority in Value

of Creditors,

may compound

for Debts due

to Prisoners, and

submit Disputes

to Arbitration.

Penalty for con*

coaling Estates

of Debtors ;

tool.

If Assignees

die, others mty

be chosen,

