A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 8, 9, 10. 685

cap. viii. - . ;1

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money* by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. [3,000,000l.] [30th December 1797.]

44 Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before April $,

44 *798, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session, concerning Loans, &'c. Certain

44 Ciaufes, &c. in the said Act relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills, extended to this Act. Exchequer Bills

44 so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Faxes; nor exchanged before 051. 10, 1798. Action

44 not to lie for Refusal to exchange them. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid,out of instalments

44 payable in or after July, August, and September next, on any Loan of this Session; and if the Instalments

44 paid before Nov- 20, 1798, be inefficient, tobe charged on the Consolidated Fund. Monies lo issued to

44 be replaced out of the first Supplies. Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum on the Cre-

44 die of this Act; notwithstanding the Act 5 and 6 Gul. & Maria, or Cap. 1. § 3. of this Session.”

/ , ’ . CAP.'IX.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of

Parliament, an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on

the sixteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an Act, passed in the

fame Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the twenty-second Day of May one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five; and also another Act, palfed in the thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter

SeVenty-six,' videlicet, on the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, re-

lating to the Admilfion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in

Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parlia-

ment holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one,

videlicet, on the twenty-eighth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorizing

His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[30th December 1797.]

cc 35 Gl*.IIL Cap. 15 and 80; 36 Geo. III. Cap. 76: and 37 Geo. III. Cap. 12; continuing those Acts,

44 recited, and the three continued Acts further continued to the Time mentioned in the Title of this Act.

44 37 Geo, ILL Cap. 21, further continued to the fame Time.”

; c a p. x.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of

the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seven,

videlicet, on the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, as

relates to the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Wheat and Rye, and to the Im-

portation of several Articles of Provision.—[30th "December 1797.]

W Mm

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a

limited Time, and amend an All made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An At1 to tro~

.... 1 p . ? . / /-> 1 1 T">t i n . w >; . . 1 t _ . '

bibit the h

Articles of

mining Pf^heat, Bp

jqfl Session of Parliament, but which have not been found fit for making Bread, to bejfed in the Manufacture

of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or in the Diszillation of Low Wines and Spirits: And whereas it is ex-

pedient, that so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of certain Sorts

of Corn, and to the Importation of the Articles of Provision mentioned in the said Act, should be conti-

nued for a limited TimeBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation or

carryingCoaftwife of Wheat or Rye, or any Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof; and

also so much thereof as relates to the Importation of Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentils,

Cahvances, and all other Sorts of Pulse; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine,

Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise: Bacon, Hams, l ongues, Butter,

Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs,

Game, and Sour Crout, shall be further continued during the Period hereinafter mentioned, in the fame

Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Refitidlions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in the

said Act contained, with regard to such Exportation, Importation, or carrying Coastwise refnedlively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Foreign Wheat or Rye, or any Meal or Flour made thereof,

iball arrive in any of the Ports of this Kingdom on or before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand

3 - ■« ’: seven

37 Geo. 3. c.y$

recited.

So much of

cited Ad as

relates to the

Exportation or

tarrying Coast-

wife of Wheat,

or Rye, of the

Flour, See.

thereof, or to

the Importation

of Beans, See.

further conti-

nued.

Foreign Wheat

or Rye, or the

Flour,&c. there.

of,arrivingatan^

