22 C.

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1795.

Order of Coun-

cil of Feb. 18,

1795*> ^ying

an Embargo on

British Vessels,

recited.

Embargo to

continue at

each Port till

its Quota of

Men be raised.

Number of Men

to be raised, viz.

; CAP IX.

An Act for procuring a Supply of Men from the several Ports of this Kingdom, for the

Service of his Majesty’s Navy.—[i.6ch March 1795.]

x \XHEREAS it is expedient for the Public Service, at the present Conjuncture, that the most effectual

t Measures should be adopted for providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty’s Navy:

t And whereas, in order to carry the fame into Effe£l, his Majesty has been pleased, by an Order of

Council, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to

t that an Embargo should be laid on all British Ships or Ve/TJs within the several Ports of this King-

dom; which is now in force May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

Cn5 ^ing’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and I emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That there shall be levied within the Kingdom of Great Britain, in the several Ports herein-after men-

tioned, such able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty in the Navy of Great Britain, at such Times, and in

such Manner, as is herein directed; and that the said Embargo on all British Ships and Vessels, from Time

to I ime, being within the Limits of such Ports respectively, (except as to such hhips or Vessels as shall be,

b/T^A Eime to P*me? exempted from such Embargo by any Order or Orders of the Lords of his Majesty’s

L. S°n0Ura^e Privy Council,) shall continue and be in force at each such Port, according to the intent

and Effect of this A61, until the whole Number of Men by this Act required to be levied at all the said Ports

k? levied, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty’s said Service, in the Manner herein di-

rected, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or until such Embargo shall be declared

to be generally taken oft by his Majesty in Council: And that the Number of Men to be levied by virtue

of this A& shall be as follows} (that is to say,)

For the Port of Aberyjlwith, sixty-nine Men.

For the Port of Aidborough, nineteen Men.

For the Port of Arundel, thirty- three Men.

P or the Port of Barnjiaplc, seventy-four Men.

Por the Port of Beaumaris one hundred and ninety-six Men.

P or the Port of Berwick, forty-three Men.

'P'or the Port of Bideford, forty-eight Men.

For the Port of Blakeney\ twenty-six Men.

Por the Port of Boston, sixty Men.

P or the Port of Bridgewater, twenty* fix Men.

For the Port of Bridlington, fifty Men.

P or the Port of Brifhl, six hundred and sixty-six Men.

P or the Port of Cardigan, one hundred and thirty-nine Men.

For the Port of Cardtjf', fourteen Men. 1

1 P or the Port of Cariijle, ten Aden. v N; . ! r ‘5 "fcj

x For the Port of Chep/loiu, thirty-eight Aden.

For the Port of Che/ler, twenty-five Men.

Por the Port of Chichester, fifty-six Men.

For the Port of Colchester, eighty-four Men. i

For the Port of Cowes, fifty-nine Men.

For the Port of Dartmouth, three hundred and ninety-four Men.

For the Port of Deal, ten Men.

P or the Port of Dover, two hundred and forty-one Men.

P'or the Port of Exeter, one hundred and eighty-six Men.; . r,r j "B

P or the Port of Falmouth, twenty-one Men.

For the Port of Faver/ham, one hundred and forty-seven Men.

For the Port of Fowey, seventy Men. ’ f

IF or the Port of Gloucester, twenty-eight Men.

For; the Port of Gweek, seven Men. «

For the Port of Harwich, one hundred and forty-four Men.

For the Port of Hull, seven hundred and thirty-one Men.

Por the Port of Ilfracombe, forty-nine Men.

Tor the Port of Ipswich, fifty-eight Men.

P or the Port of Lancaster, one hundred and sixty-three Men.

P or the Poit of Llanelly, thirty-two Men.

P or the Port of London, five thousand seven hundred and four Men.

For the Port of Looe, sixteen Men.

For the Port of Liverpool, one thousand seven hundred and eleven Men.

For the Port of Lyme, twenty-three Men.

For the Port of Lynnt one hundred and ninety-three Men. r

For

