C. 129

237

A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III.

CAP. cxxix.

9 ^ t 1 - * *' »

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince

of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highness ; for

making Provision out of His Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due

from His Royal Highness ; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future;

and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues.

[27th June 1795.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

c \T 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 VV assembled, being desirous of enabling your Majesty, as well to make a suitable Provision for the

4 Establishment of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in consequence of his late Marriage, as to

4 carry into Effect his said Royal Highness’s gracious Intentions and Desire, signified to us, for making a

4 due Arrangement for the Liquidation and Discharge of any Debts that may be now due from his said

4 Royal Highness, and for preventing the Accumulation of Debt in future, and for regulating the Payment

4 of his Royal Highness’s Revenues, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembledy and by the Authority of the same,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under

the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to his said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or to

such other Person or Persons as his said Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such Letters Patent, and his

and their Heirs, to the Use of, or in Trust for, his said Royal Highness, one Annuity of sixty-five thousand

Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain ; which Annuity of sixty-five thousand Pounds shall commence

and take Effect from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and continue

from thenceforth for and during the joint Lives of his said present Majesty (whom GOD long preserve !)

and of his said Royal Highness; and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Days of Payment in

, ‘ ‘ ‘ _". . “ . ‘W

tenth Day of Oftober\ in every Year, by even and equal Portions, the first two Quarterly Payments there-

the Year, (that is to say,J the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July, and the

of to be made on the Day after the passing of this Act; and that the said Annuity of sixty-five thousand

Pounds shall and may, by such Letters Patent, be directeef to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated

Fund, during the joint Lives of his said present Majesty and of his said Royal Highness (after 'paying, or

reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the fame; by any

A3 or Acts of Parliament made previous to the Time of passing this A3, and with a Preference to

all other Payments which shall or may, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, be charged

upon, and payable out of the said Fund).

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of sixty-five thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable

at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby re-

quired, by virtue of such Letters Patent, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time, for

paying, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Annuity, as the fame shall become due and pay-

able, without any Fees or Charges to bt demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and

the said Debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several

and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, for the Payment of

the said Annuity, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued

for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of fixfy-five thousand Pounds, and every Part

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates, and AfTdfments, and all other Charges whatsoever,

imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, the

Chancellor of his Majesty^ Exchequer for the Time being, the Master of his Majesty’s Household for the

Time being, the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery for the Time being, and the Sur-

veyor General of the Crown Lands for the Time being, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act in

Execution, with Relation to the Powers hereby vested in Commissioners; and all Powers and Authorities

which the said Commissioners are enabled to exercise by this Act, shall and may be exercised by any Num-

ber not le(s than three of the said Commissioners; and any one of the said Persons, before he shall enter upon

the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty’s Court

of Exchequer (which they are respectively authorized and required to administer) in the Form following;

(that is to say,)

to the best of my Judgment, in the Exe-

] according to the true Intent and Mean-

1 T yf. B. do swear, That I will aft faithfully and impartially, tc

4 cution of an Act, intituled, [here Jet forth the \Title of the Afi,

4 ing of the said Act.’

And every other of the said Commissioners shall likewise take the fame Oath, before the said Commissioner,

(who is hereby authorized and required to administer the fame,) after he shall have taken the said Oath as

7 ' aforesaid,

His Majesty

may tyrant an

Annuity of

65,000!. to the

Prince of Wales,

to commence

Oft. 10, 1794,

out of the Con-

folidated Fund.

Annuity pay-

able at the Ex-

chequer, and

Debentures for

paying it 10 be

made out, with,

out Fee.

Annuity free

from Taxes*

Commissioner*

appointed.

Three Commis-

floners may aft,

and one to take

an Oath before

a Baron of the

Exchequer.

Form of Oath.

The other Com-

missioners to

take the Oath.

