428

C. 3*

Anno tricesimo septimo Ge or g 11 III. A.D. 1796.

into the Militia, by virtue of the said former Acts, shall have been, or shall be then made, the Deputy

Lieutenants there attending, shall cause a Duplicate of such Lifts to be made out, and after hearing Appeals

against the fame, shall direct the Duplicate of such Lifts to be amended as the Cafe shall require, and in such

Manner that the Names of all Persons liable to be ballotted for by virtue of this Act to serve in the Supple-

mentary Militia, hereby directed to be raised, shall be inserted therein, and shall also direct the Names of all

Persons by this Act respectively excepted from so serving, to be (truck out of the Duplicate of the said Lilt;

and shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings, within their respective Sub-divisions;

and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certi-

ficates, under their Hands, of the Number of Men in each Parish, Tything, or Place, specified in the Du-

plicate of the Lift so amended, and the fame shall be filed by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meetings,

and which General Meetings are empowered to alter the fame, in like Manner as they may do under the

said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of Lieutenancy shall be held in each County,

Riding, or Place, as soon after such first Sub-division Meeting as may be, and before the Time appointed

for the second Sub-division Meeting *, and at such General Meeting the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieute-

nants, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall appoint the Number of Men to serve in pur-

fuance of this Act for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, within such County, Rid-

ing, or Place, according to the Numbers contained in the Certificates received from the several Sub-division

Meetings, in such Manner as they are authorised to do by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid.

Subdivision

Metting at

which a Return

of Men liable to

be ballotted by

virtue of the

former Acts

shall be made, a

Duplicate of the

Lift shall be

made, in which

the Names of

Persons liable to

be' ballotted for

under this Act,

shall be inserted,&c.

A General

Metting of

Lieutenancy to

be held as soon

as may be after

the first Sub-di-

vision Meeting,

at which the

Number of Men

to serve for the County in purfuan:e of this Act shall be appointed.

At the second

Sub division

Meeting the

Number of Men

to serve for each

Parish shall be

appointed, and

also another

Metting.

Orders to be if-

sued to the Chief

Condables to

give Notice to

the Constable of

each Parish of

the Number so

appointed, and

of the next Sub-

division Meet,

ing, at which

they shall be

chosen by Ballot

out of the Du-

plicate of the

Lid and another

Meeting ap-

pointed, and

Order iflhed to

VI. And be it further enacted, T hat the Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at their said second Meeting

held after the patting of this Act, within any Sub-division as aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men

shall serve for each Parish, Tything, and Place, within such Sub-division, in Proportion to the Number

appointed to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division $ and shall appoint another

Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks from the Day on which

such Meeting was holden, within the same Sub-division; and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Con-

stables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, re-

quiring them to give Notice to the Constable, T ythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish,

Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, of

the Number of Men, so appointed to serve for such Parish, Tything, or Place, and of the Time and Place

of the next Sub-division Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, af-

sembled in pursuance of such Appointment, shall cause the Number of Aden appointed to serve as aforesaid,

to be chosen by Ballot out of the Duplicate of the Lift returned for every Parish, Tything, or Place afore-

said, and amended, where Occasion requires, according to the Directions of this A&, and shall appoint

another Meeting to be holden, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three Weeks, in the fame Sub-

division; and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hun-

dreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough,

or other Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the

Supplementary Militia, to be raised by virtue of this Act, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be

given or left at his Place of Abode, at lead seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tything-

man, Headborough, or other Officer, shall attend such Aleeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the

Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear

at such Meeting, and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

the Chief Constable to direct the Constable to give seven Days* Notice to the Men so chosen to appear thereat. Constable to make a Return upon Oath

at the Meeting; and Persons chosen to take the following

Oath;

And to be en-

rolled.

Persons chosen

may find Sub-

stitutes of the

fame County,

who, if approv-

, shall be en-

rolled and

sworn.

Substitute not to

be objected to on

account of the

Number of his

Children.

4 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 A King George: and I do swear, that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia,

4 within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the present War, and for the

4 Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof.’

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to feive

in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a Private Militia Man, during the present War, and

for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof. Y frfr

VII. Provided always. That if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall produce, for his Substitute, a Man

of the same County, able and fit for Service, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants,

or any two or more of them, such Substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the

said Supplementary Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a Private Militia Man, for such Term as

the Person for whom he shall be a Substitute shall have been chosen to serve, and such Substitute shall take

the Oath before-mentioned; and any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been

so produced, approved, enrolled, and sworn as aforesaid, shall not be again ballotted for in pursuance of

this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Deputy Lieutenants shall not reject any

Person so produced as a Substitute for or on account of the Number of his Children} any Thing in any

former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

k

IX. Pro-

