498

fetched Act 19

Cco. ill. Cap.

t6. in Rax c re-

pealed.

Cap. .9.

KIs Mi^efty in

ferivy Council

may make Re-

gulations re-

belling the

Trade and Com-

merce to and

from the Cape

of Good Hope

notwithAand-

ingStaL 12 Car.

II. Cap. 18;

7*8 W. III.

Cap. 22. or any

Other. Statutes-

Goods, &c. im-

ported or ex.-

ported contrary

to Orders in

Council, forfeit-

, Scc. together

with the Ship

and Furniture.

Alt not to In-

fringe the Rights

of the EaA India

Company.

C. 19,20,21. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying

the increased Charges ©ccafioned by any Loan made, or to be made, or any Stock to be created, by virtue

of any Act or Acts passed, or to be parted, in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall,

during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distmftly and apart from all other

Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the Office of the Auditor of

the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, rn which the said Remainder of

the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, Hull, together with the Monies

arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose ot defraying

such increased Charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign,

of his present Majesty, as relates to the engrossing, printing, or writing, on any Skin of Vellum or Parch-

ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, or to any of the Matters

for which Provision is made by this Act, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. XX.

An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Section*, for delivering in Navy, Victualling*

Transport, and Exchequer Bills.—[28th December 1796.J

CAP. XXI.

An Act authorising his Majesty, for a limited Time, to make Regulations respecting

the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.—[2bth Dec. 1796.]

4 \\7 HEREAS the Castle, Town, and Settlement, of the Cape of Good Hope, with the Territories and

c VV Dependencies thereof, are now in the Possession of his Majesty; and it is expedient, under the

4 preterit Circumstances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from the same should be regulated for a

4 certain Time, in such Manner as shall seem proper to his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy

4 Council, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament that may be construea

‘ to affect the fame;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and w:th the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the

Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be

lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be iuued

from Time to Time, to give such Directions, and make such Regulations, touching the Trade and Corn*

mcrce to and from the said Settlement, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, as to his Majesty in

Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any Thing contained in an Act, passed in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and

encreasing of Shipping and Navigation; or in an Act, passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of

his Majesty King Irtlliam the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abrjes in the

Plantation Trade \ or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to his Majesty’s Colonies

and Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary in any-

wife notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, shall be imported

into, or exported from, any Place or Places, Part of the said Settlement, or its Territories or Dependencies,

or shall be exported from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions to any of the said Places; or if any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so imported or exported in any Manner whatever, contrary to any Inch

Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in

which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her Guns,

Ammunition, f urniture, T ackle, and Apparel, and every such Forfeiture shall and may be sued for, pro-

feeuted, and recovered by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as any f orfeiture incurred by any

Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in Places where reflec-

tively the Offences shall be committed, and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid* and applied, in

like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise not-

withstanding: Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall in any Manner be construed to

infringe the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the Fuji Indies. 1 '58 j

CAP.

