52 2

C. 31.

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company /hall and may,

from Time to Time, make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock as they

now do, and hereafter shall and may make and pay to the Proprietprs and Holders of the present Stock of the

fdid United Company; the first of which said Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified

in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for the said Subscription, by the said Court of Directors, with such

Consent and Approbation as aforesaid. . . . SS

III. Provided ritfvertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it/hall and may

be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid,*to give

the Option and Preference in subscribing for the said additional Stock, to such Persons as /hall hold the said

Company's Stock at the Time or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, as far as and not exceeding the

Amount of fifty Pounds per Centum on the Capital Stock, which /hall then be held by each Stockholder so

subscribing, for all such Sums as they /hall subscribe, on or before a Day to be named by the /aid Court of

Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid; and in case the Subscriptions made by them, on

or before such Day, shall exceed the Sum proposed to be sold at that Time, a proportionable Deduction /hall

be made from each Subscription; and if such Subscription /hall, on the Clo/e thereof on such Day as afore-

said, fall /hort of the Sum proposed to be sold, the Deficiency shall be disposed of to other Persons, as the said

Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit. 4

The like Divi-

dends to he

paid on the ad-

ditional a> on

the present

Stock.

Preference to be

{riven to present

Proprietors, not

exceeding 50 1.

per Cent, of their

Capital.

Utheir Sub-

scriptions be

more than fuf-

ficient, a pro-

portionable De-

duction to be

made j and if less, the Deficiency may be supplied by others.'

The additional

Stock, with

Consent of the

Treasury, may

be sold to one

or more Persons.

F

Receipts to be

given for Depo-

fits, which may

be assigned, &c.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain the Court of Directors of the said United Com-

any,by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more Person or

’erfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of the Whole of the said additional Capital Stock, or for

such Part or Parts thereof, as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell;

but it /hall and may be lawful for the said Couit, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to contract

for and agree to fell the Whole, or any Part thereof, to one or more Person or Persons.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as reasonably may be after the Dc-

posit or first Payment /hall be made for the said additional Stock to be subscribed for, the said Company's

Ca/hier or Treasurer /hall give a Receipt for the fame, and so from Time to Time as future Payments

/hall be made; which said Receipts /hall be assignable and transferrable by Indorsement thereon; and when

the Iaft Payment /hall be made on the said additional Stock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the Holder

of such Receipt, on delivering up the fame, /hall have his or her Name entered in proper Books to

be kept by the said United Company for that Purpose, with an Account of the Capital Stock be-

longing to each Proprietor in like Manner as the Accounts of the present Proprietors of India Stock are

kept.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Sub/criber or Subscribers*

after having subscribed, /hall fail in making all or any the Payments agreed at the respective Times for such

Payments, then and in every such Cafe the said United Company /hall and may take in Subscriptions for,

and fell the Stock subscribed for by such Defaulter, to any other Person or Persons; and all Deposits and

Payments made by such Defaulter, previous to such Default, /hall be forfeited to and become the Property

of the said United Company. - 'I^

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guar-

dian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant, to subscribe and pay for the said addi-

tional Stock, or any Part thereof, upon the Terms and Conditions contained in this Act; and such Infant,

upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums by such Guardian or Trustee, /hall be entitled unto the Stock so

subscribed and paid for on his Account, and to all Advantages in respect thereof, in like Manner as any other

Purchaser or Subscriber; and the said Guardian or Trustee, as to the Sum or Sums advanced by him, /hall

be, and is hereby discharged in respect thereof, so as the Name of such Infant /hall be exprefl' in the Re-

ceipt or Receipts for such Money. £ I,

VIII. And whereas, by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. in-

4 tituled. An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British ‘7lr-

\\\^ 4 ritories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishingfurther Regu-

4 f It /> ( r\n i f Ina (nisi I/)m// 4 h st 11 /% # yi 1 f r v t A.*., j . Am

Deposits of De-

faulters to be

forfeited.

Guardians may

subscribe for

Infants.

33 Geo III.

Cap. 5z. §§ in#

4 enacted. That, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to the said Company, the Net Proceeds of

4 their Sales of Goods at Home, with the Duties and Allowances arising by private Trade, and all other

4 Profits of the said Company in Great Britain, after providing for the Payment of Bills of Exchange then

4 already accepted by the said Company, as the fame should become due, and for the current Payments of

4 other Debts, Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the said Company, (their Bond Debt

4 always excepted,) /hould be applied and disposed of in the following Manner; (that is to say,) first, in the

4 Payment of a Dividend alter the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annumy on the present or any future

4 Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company, the first Half-year’s Payment thereof to commence anJ

4 be made ztMidfum mer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; secondly, in Payment of five hundred

4 thousand Pounds per Annum, the fame to be set apart oil the first Day of March and the first Day of Sep-

