C. 64—72. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

; > CAP. LXIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton F.squire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee

Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Lawn of

Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingamy in the County of Northampton,

upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame.—[26th April 1796. J

CAP. LXV. '

An A&c for rebuilding the Parish Church cf Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westmirfier^

in the County of Middlesex, and the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinstating the

Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said Church, and the Gates leading thereto; and for making fevcial

Regulations relating to the said Parish.—[26th April 1796.J '

. CA P. LXVI. ’ ’

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing an Act, pasted in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty. intituled, An Act for widening improving, regulatings pavings cleanfingy and

lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Placets within the King's Town of Maidstone, in

the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Objlruflions, NuifanceSy and Annoyances

therein ; for better supplying the said Toivn with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish

of Maidstone, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[26th April 1796.]

•CAP. LXVII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Morwellham §h<ay> in the_ Parish of Taviftoch, in

the County of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamerton, in the County of Cormually

and also a certain Collateral Cut from Powlfon Bridges in the Parish of Lifton, in the said County of Dr-

von, to Richgrove Mill, in the Parish of Saint Stephens near to the Borough ot Launcefiony in the said

County o{Cornwall.—[26th 1796.]

CAP. LXVIII. v

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of

Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Dony at or near the South End of the Bridge over the fame

(adjacent to the Royal Burgh of Inverurie) in the Parish of Kintore, all within the County of Aberdeeny

North Britain. — [26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXIX.

An A&to amend an A£tof the thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Na*

vigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a Place called The Banky near the Town of Cardiff,

in the County of Glamorgan and for extending the said Canal to a Place called The Lower Layer, below

the said Town.—[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXX.

m « 1 m 4 * t x A r . p ^ I 4r m \

An ASt to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation to finish and complete

the fame.—[26th April 1796.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to explain and amend an A&, pasted in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in

the County of Salop, to the River Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for

making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and for varying and altering

certain Parts of the Jvbitchurch Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the fame

from Franckton Common to Sherryman’s Bridge, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop,

and for making and maintaining several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

[26th April 1796.]

cap. lxxii. •/; ,Vj-gy

An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining, and preserving certain Commons and Waste Grounds,

called the Hern Commons and Gore Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of

Huntingdon, and for repealing an A<St, made in the thirtieth Year of the Rqjgn of His late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands rnd Lenv Grounds, m

inthefeveraiParishesof Ramsey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, Farceitt, StandgrounJ, and Water New-

ton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Dod&wigton, in the lfie of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and

for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.—[26th April 1796.]

