c6 2

C. 9, io.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

’N© Person to

recover such

Damages, unless

Notice be given

of the Offence,

fee. and Recog-

nizance entered

into to pnefe-

cute known

Offenders.

If any Offender

be convicted

within a Year

after the Of-

fence, the Hun-

dred not liable

to make Satis-

fe^ioti for

Damages.

No Action for

Damages to be

brought till after

a Year, nor unit ft

Not to abridge

any Law for the

Punirtiment or

Suppression of

Offences men-

tioned herein.

like Methods and Dircdtions, as are prescribcc! and mentioned in Cafes of Actions of Robberies on the High-

way in and by an Act, made in the (even-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An Act for the following Hue and Cry; and by one other Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Atnendmetit of the Law relating to Actions on

the Statute of Hue end Cry, except so much thereof as relates to giving, leaving, or publiftring Notice, or

making fresh Suit and Hue and Cry, or any other iVIatter otherwise provided for by this Act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Per-

fons shall be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they, by themselves or by

their Servants, within two Days after such Damage or lnjuiy done him or them, by any such Offender or

Offenders as aforesaid, shall give Notice of such Offence done and committed to one of the Constabies of

the Hundred, or to the Constable, Borfholder, Headborough, or Tithingman of the Town, Parish, Vil-

lage, Hamlet, or Tithing in or near which such Eadt shall be committed, and shall, within ten Days after

such Notice, give in his or their Examinations upon Oath, or the Examination of his or their Servants, be-

ing present at the Time of the Fadt being committed, or having the Care of such his or their Properties to

which such Damage or Injury shall be done, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty, or

Divifton where such Fait shall be committed, whether he or they do know the Person or Persons that com-

mitted such Fadt, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they do know

that the Person or Persons that committed the said Fact, or any of them, that then he or they foconfefling

shall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders according to this Act, or other wiic

according to the Laws of the Realm. -

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offence shall be com-

mitted against this Act, and any one of the said Offenders shall be apprehended, and lawfully convicted of

such Offence, within the Space of twelve Months after the Offence committed, no Hundred or Franchilc

therein shall in any wile be subject or liable to make any Satisfaction to the Patty or Parties injured for the

Damages he or they shall have fuffained; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstandingi

Provided also, that no Person who shall sustain any Damage by reason of any Offence to be committed by

any Offender contrary to this Act, shall be enabled hereby to sue or bring any Action against any Hundred

where such Offence shall be committed till after the Expiration of one Year, nor unless the Party or Parties

sustaining such Damage shall commence his, her, or their Action or Suit, within two Years next after the

Offence committed. '

commenced within two Years after the Offence.

1 \ ^ ^ 1 ^ 1 — V

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or

taken to abridge or take away any Provision already made by the Law of this Ream, or any Part thereof,

for the Suppreftion or Punishment of any Offence whatsoever mentioned or described in this Act: Provided

also, that no Person who shall be punished by virtue of this Act, shall be punished for the fame Offence by

virtue of any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

A

CAP. X. v

An Act for the better Relief of the Poor, within the several Hundreds, Towns, and

Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of

Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor;

and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several

Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several

Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts,

for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor.—i_i Sth December 1795.]

1 f X WHEREAS several Acts of Parliament have of late Years been made and passed, for the better Relief

4 W and Employment of the Poor in particular incorporated Hundreds, Towns, and Districts within

as they shall think necessary, for defraying the Expences of supporting and maintaining the Poor within

their respective Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, and for other the Purposes of the said Acts; but fudi

Sums of Money, for which such Aflellments are to be made, are by the said several Acts of Parliament

limited so as that they may not exceed a certain Sum in any one Year, which Sum was calculated upon

an Average of the Amount of the Poor’s Rates in each Parish respectively, for a certain Number of Years

previous to the patting of the respective incorporating Acts: And whereas, by Reason of the late very great

increase of the Price of Com, and other necessary Articles of Life, the Amount of the Rates and Affcftrnents,

so limited by the (uid several Acts of Parliament, are become inefficient for the necessary Relief and

Maintenance of the Poor, who have also of late greatly increased in Number: And whereas in many

incorporated Hundreds, Towns, and Districts the Expence of maintaining the Poor, since the ffrft Day oF

'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, has exceeded the whole Amount of the Rates whichi

could be raised in the present Year within those Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, under their respectivo

incorporating Acts; whereby conftdcrable Debts have on that Account been incurred by the Guarilians

