274

Horse Dealers in

London, Sec. to

pay an annual

Licence Duty of

201 ; and with-

out London,

Sec. xol.

/

Duties to he un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

for Stamps.

Two Cenunif-

iiontrs may

grant Licences,

See.

Period of

Licences.

Licences to be

renewed ten

Days before

Expiration.

One Licence

suffi-ient for

Partners.

Licence to be

confined to the

Place mention-

therein.

The Words Li-

confed. Sec. to

be put on Places

licensed for Sale

of Horses, on

Penalty of jol.

Persons dealing

ifl Horses after

Jan. 1,1796, not

having a Li-

cence now in

force, without

a Licence agree-

able to this Act,

L<Xk to the

C. 17.

ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

before the passing of this A ft; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all the Powers and Autho-

rities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the said Act, in relation

to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duties on

Licences, and all Penalties aifd Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall cease and determine, save and except any

Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before, the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person using and exftciiing the Trade or Business of an Horse

Dealer within the City of London, or the City or Liberties of Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone or Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, or the Borough of South-

wark in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Bufi-

nefs of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cessors, the Sum of twenty Pounds ; and that every Person using and exercising the said Trade or Business of

an Horse Dealer without the City of London, the City and Liberties of West min fte r, the Weekly Bills of

Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Alary~le~bone and Saint Pancras in the County of A'liddlesex, and the Bo-

rough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and who shall take out a Licence to use and exercise the said

Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, shall yield and pay annually to and for the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, the Sum of ten Pounds. ,

III. And, for the better and more effectually raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the said Duties

hereby granted on Licences, be it enacted, That the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Ma-

nagement, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to

employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as shall

be necessary, and to provide and use such Marks or Stamps as they shall think fit, to denote the Duties, and

to repair, renew, and alter the fame, from Time to Time, as they shall fee Occasion, and to do all other

Matters and Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties

hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are

authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Ma-

jesty’s Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

or some Person duly authorised by them, or any three or more of them, shall grant Licences to such Perions

who shall use and exercise the Trade and Bufincfsof an Horse Dealer, in any City, Town, or other Place,

within Great Britain, to use and exercise the fame within such City, Town, or Place, for any Space of Time

as hereinafter mentioned, not exceeding one Year; and every such Licence shall ceale and determine on the

twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year for which the fame shall be ifl’ucd ; and every such Licence taken

out for the Year in which the fame shall be issued, shall be in Force until and upon the twenty-ninth Day

of September then next following, and shall commence from the Date thereof; and every such Licence taken

out for any Year subsequent to the Year in which the fame shall be issued, shall commence from the twenty-

ninth Day of September then next ensuing, and continue in Force until and upon the twenty-ninth Day of

September in the succeeding Year ; and that every such Person shall take outafrefh Licence for another Year,

ten Days at lead before the Expiration of that Year for which he shall have been licensed, if he shall conti-

nue to use and exercise the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer; and shall in like Manner renew

such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due on such Licence, as long as he shall

continue to use and exercise the said 7'rade and Business of an Horse Dealer.

V. And be it further enacted. That Persons carrying on their Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer in

Partnership, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence, in any one Year, for carrying on such

Trade or Business ; and that no one Licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or

empower any Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be granted, to keep any Horse or Horses for Sale

in any other City, Town, or Place, than the City, Town, or Place, which shall be mentioned in such

Licence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer,

and who shall have taken out a Licence for that Purpose, shall cause the Words Licensed to deal in Horfis,

to be painted or written in large and legible Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or on some visible Place

in the Front of his or their House, Gateway, or Stables, at the respective Places at which he or they keep

such Horses for Sale, to denote that such Person is a Dealer in Horses, and licensed for that Purpose; and if

any Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to fell any Horse, without fixing or hanging out such To-

ken as aforesaid, every licensed Horse Dealer so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum often Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer

at Westminster for Offences committed in England, and for Offences committed in Scotland, in the Court of

Exchequer at Edinburgh; to be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and- the other

Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person using or exercising the Trade or Business of an Horse

Dealer, (not having a Licence to use or exercise the said Trade and Business under the Act of the twenty-

fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and in force), who shall, after the first Day of jfanuary one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, carry on the said Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, without

having obtained a Licence for that Purpose under the Directions of this Act, shall be liable to be afleiled to

all and every the Duties imposed by the Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth Years of his present

Majesty’s Reign, and by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, on Horses used for die

Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage, in the said Acts or any of them mentioned,

for

