A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quinto Georg n III.

C. 13

35

charged for or in respect of such Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by

Law paid and payable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Brandy, Rum, and Spirits,

taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse

wherein the fame shall have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act, paired

in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,^ Apfor the Relief of the Captors of

Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be fubjcS and

liable to the additional Duty by this AS imposed, for or in respeS of Brandy, Rum, and Spirits, respeSively

imported ; and such additional Duty shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner, as the

former Duties, by the said AS of the thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law.

IV. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this AS imposed,

as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commis-

ftoners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the

Time being.

V. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this AS imposed, for or in

respeS of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitce, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, shall be allowed

on the Shipping thereof as Stores to be (pent and consumed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the

Seas, in the same Manner as the former Duties imposed thereon now are, or hereafter may be directed to be

allowed by Law. ,

VI. And whereas Standing ContraSs may have been made before the said twenty-third Day of February

« one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, for such Fo-

4 reign Spirits to be delivered after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-fivebe it therefore enaSed by the Authority^aforesaid, T hat such Importers and Dealers deliver-

ing such Foreign Spirits after the said twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five, in pursuance of such ContraSs, shall be allowed to add lo much Money as will be equivalent to the Du-

ties by this AS imposed for or in respeS of such Foreign Spirits to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled, by

virtue of this AS, to be paid-for the fame accordingly.

VII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies, from Time to Time

arising by the several additional Rates and Duties by this AS imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of

railing and accounting for the fame respeSively excepted,) shall, from and after the passing of this AS, from

Time to 'Lime, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at WeshninJler; and the said Money so

paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enaSed, That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so

much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of de-

fraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by virtue of any

Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament, anJ that the said Monies, during the Space of

ten Years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinSly

and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the

Otficeof the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all

the .Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this AS, shall, together with

the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying

such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

IX. And be it further enaSed, That all and every the Powers, DireSions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

/ - I C - A mm A+1 /am 4 A /* / 4 f f* T1/ Si %• si C I i n ( 'n

at:

tng away

for Jettl

other Law now in force relating to his ivlajelty s Kevenue ot L-xctle, are provided and established for ma-

naging, raising, levying, colleSing, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby

granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made and prescribed by

this AS,) shall be praSifeo, ufeJ, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collect-

ing, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duties by this AS impoled, and for preventing, detect-

ing, and punching Frauds relating thereto, as fully and efteSuaJly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and

every the said Powers, Rules, DireSions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claulcs, Matters, and 'Filings, were par-

ticularly repeated and rc-enaSed in this present AS.

4cc. as present

Duties.

Prize Spirit*

taken out of

Warehouses,

liable to addi-

tional Duty.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Excise.

Du ties on Spirit*

of the Britjfh

Colonies to be

allowed on

Ship’s Store*.

Persons deliver-

ing Foreign Spi-

rits after Feb.aj,

1795, on Con-

tracts made pre-

vious thereto,

may add to the

Price a Sum

equivalent to

Duty.

Duties to be car-

r. to the Con-

solidated Fund;

Duties to be ap-

plied in defray-

ing any increased

Charge occa-

sioned by any

Loan of thisSef.

fion, and for it>

Years to be kept

separate front

•other Monies.

Powers of n

Car. 11. Cap. 24,

See. to extend

to tltis Act,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and

Cocoa Nuts.—£ 16th March 1795.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

• \1/E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to a (ray your Majesty’s Public f.xpences, aixJ

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, as 1'ull be adequate to the increascJ Charge oc-

- V‘ , Fa 4 calioncJ

