908

C. 92.

tricesimo octavo G

1798

| « <^ f 0 > .. j . -

Penalty of iool.

for grinding

down Malt, &c.

before an Ac-

count is taken.

Licences for

distilling in the

Lowlands, or

for rest ify;ng in

any Part of

Scotland,

granted or re-

newed upon or

after Oft. ic,

1798, to.be in

force till April

10, 1799, (ex-t

elusive,)and the'

Duty to be paid

by lnftalmcms.

Licences may

be granted for

Stills in the

Highlands,

within the Li-

mits described

in the recited

Acts of 33 and

37 Geo. 3. from

July 5, 1798,

to April 10,

1799, on r*ay~

ment of the

fame Duty as

imposed by the

latter Act for a

Year.

Licensed Dif-

tiilcTs to be

deemed as dif-

tilhng from

Barley, &c. of

the Growth of

the Places men-

tioned in the

recttedAftSj&c.

Competitions

for Duty on

Malt settled by

§ ir.of 37 Gto.

* 3. c. ioi. to

, cease from July

5,1798, and the

fame Duties to

be paid as by

Maitfters.

I » * I 41

shall be paid by every such Distiller, at the fame Time, and in the same Manner, and under the like Pro-

visions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duty upon Malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or she is a

Maker of Malt, or if such Distiller is not a Maker of Malt, at the fame Time, and in the same Manner,

and under the like Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty upon Spirits by this Act

granted, is hereinbefore directed to be paid by such Distiller; and if any licensed Distiller in any Part of

Gotland shall, from and after the said tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighr,

grind down, or put into the Math Tun, any Malt, or any Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain

unmalted or raw, before the fame shall have been measured, and the Account thereof taken by the proper

OfHcer of Excise as aforesaid, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hun-

dred Pounds,

IX. And be it further enacted. That every Licence for the diddling, making, or manufacturing of Low

Wines or Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland, or for the redtifying, compounding, or mixing, of kny

Kind of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland, which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the tenth Day of

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, shall be and continue in force from the said

tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of April attt

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive; and that upon or previous to the granting of any such

Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the fame shall, before he, (he, or they be entitled to such Li-

cence, paydown in Advance, in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the

fame, one third Part of the full Sum payable under such Licence, from the said tenth Day of October one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of December following, exclusive; and

[hall, on or before the said tenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, paydown

in ready Money, in Advance, one other third Part; and shall, on or before the tenth Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready Money, in Advance, the remaining third Part

of the said full Sum, payable under such Licence, from the said tenth Day of December one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine

exclusive.

, X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland^ to

grant Licences to all Persons applying for the fame, and duly recommended and qualified to ere£f, keep, and

work, Stills in the Highlands of Scotland, - within the respective Counties, Parts of Counties, and Limits,

particularly specifiedand described in the before recited ‘Acts of the thirty-third and thirty-seventh Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight inclusive, until the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, and no

longer, upon Payment of the fame, and no higher Rate of Duty for or in respect of such Licences to which

DiitiHers, in the said respective Districts, were subject and liable under the said last recited Act, for the

whole Year, between the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fifth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the fame Proportion according to the Time for

which the said Licences shall be granted and in force ; that is to say, for the Time between the said fifth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and the said tenth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive. / rr

XL And be it further enacted, That every Distiller to whom such Licence as is hereinbefore last men-

tioned shall be granted, shall be considered, deemed, and taken, as carrying on his or her Business of distil-

ling or drawing oft' Spirits from the Barley, Bear, or Bigg, of the Growth of the several and respciftive

Counties, or Parts of Counties, in the said Acts mentioned, under the several Conditions, Regulations,

Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which were contained and enaffed in the said'last recited Act of the

thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, hereby reviv  and continued, except in so far as

the fame is altered or amended by this present Act.

XII. 4 And whereas by the hereinbefore last recited Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, it was enacted, that when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of ft x Pounds

4 and ten Shillings, imposed by that A&, should be paid by a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty should be held

4 to be a Composition for the Duty on dry Malt to the Extent offive hundred Bolls Linlithgow Measure, 6r

4 three thousand Bushcls, and no more; and when the additional Composition Duty, after the Rate of four

4 Pounds, imposed by that A&, should be paid for a Still of forty Gallons, such Duty should be held to be

4 a Composition for the Duty on dry Malt to the Extent of' four hundred and fifty Bolls Linlithgow iVlea-

4 sure, or two thousand seven hundred Bushels, and no more; and when any such Composition Dutyihould

4 be paid for any Stilt of a Idler Size, the like Proportion should be observed as to the Quantity of Malt for

4 which such Duty should be held to be a Composition : And whereas it is expedient to discontinrje the said

4 Exemptions from the Duty on Malt ;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day^of July

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the said Exemptions shall cekfe and determine, and be alto-

gether discontinued and abolished ; and that, for and upon all Malt which shall be made or tried by any Ofi-

tiller paying the Composition Duties hereinbefore mentioned, there shall be paid by such Distiller the dirhe

Duties to which any entered lYialtller shall be liable by the Laws of Excise.

XIII. And

