918

C 9

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Acts, in all Things except as to the affdTing, railing, levying,* and paying any Sum or Sums of Money,

which the Receiver General for such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified, or shall from Time to

Time certify to have been advanced by him, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act: Provided always*

That no such Volunteer Corps shall be liable to be called out, except in case of actual Invasion, or of the

actual Appearance of the Enemy on the Coaft, or of the Danger of Invasion being deemed imminent, ac-

cording to the Provisionsof an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Atl to enable his

Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for

indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property, by such Measures as may be necessaryfor that Purposey

and under the Circumstances therein mentioned. \

Privy Council,

who may oider

the Men and

Officers of the

Provffion.il Ca-

valry to be dif-

charged, Sec.

VolunteerCorps

to be called out

only in case of

Invasion, Sec.

under Provisionsof Cap. 27. of this Session.

VolunteerCorps

offering to serve

ir.ftcad of the

Provision .1 Ca-

valry, shall be

entitled to an

Allowance at

the Rate of

three Guineas

per Ann. for

three Years per

Man, for pro-

viding C loath-

ing, Sc c.

Sums advanced

by the Receiver

General shall be

reimbursed by

A fl! Ament.

Men may be en-

rolled before

Aug. 1, 179S,

in the FencibJe

Cavalry, and ac-

cepted in lieu of

M<.n to be pro-

vided for the

Provisional

Cavalry, &c.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Volunteer Corps of Cavalry which shall offer to serve

inltead of the said Provisional Cavalry, in pursuance of this Act, uiail be entitled, on an Application in

Writing being made by the Commanding Officer of such Corps to the Secretary at War, in the Manner

to be hereafter mentioned, to an Allowance, after the Rate of three Pounds and three Shillings for each

Person enrolled in the said Corps, per Annum, for three Years, to be applied in providing Cloathing and

Accoutrements, and for Extra Expellees, unless such Corps shall have previously received the like Sum out

of the Monies voted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Cloathing and Accoutrements for fun-

dry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or so much

thereof as, together with the Sum received out of the said Monies, will make up the like Sum at the Rate

aforesaid, which Sum shall paid in Advance by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place in

which such Corps shall be formed, on the Application in Writing of the Commanding Officer of such Corps,

certified by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, to the Secretary at

War, specifying the Dates of the Formation of such Corps, and the Enrolment therein of each Person for

whom this Sum may be claimed, and of the Sum to which he may be entitled in pursuance of this Act, and

Hating the Sums (if any) already received by such Corps out of the Monies voted by Parliament as afore-

said, which Certificate, being transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Appro-

bation of the Secretary at War indorsed thereon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commissioners to

direct the proper Receiver General to pay such Sums as may appear due by fjch Certificate,

XX. And be it further enacted, 'That all such Sums which any Receiver General shall advance to such

Volunteers in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed by Assessment, within the Period of three Years,

from the fifth Day of April next before the passing of this Act, in the Manner before directed; and that the

Proportion of One-third of the whole Sum to be advanced, as nearly as a Computation thereof can be

made, shall be levieJ ineach of the said three Years.

XXI. And be it further eoadled, That if any Person appointed to provide a Man or Men for the Service

of the said Provisional Cavalry, or any Person ballotted to provide a Man for that Service, or if the Persons

composing any Class having agreed with each other to provide for such Service, shall, at any Time before

the nrlt Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, produce or cause to be produced to the

Commanding Officer of any Corps of Fencible Cavalry, raised to serve in Great Britain during the present

War, or to any Officer appointed by his Majesty, or by such Commanding Officer, with the Approbation

of his Majesty, one fit and able-bodied Man for each of the Men so directed to be provided, who shall cause

himself to be enrolled to serve in such Fencible Corps of Cavalry within Great Britain during the present

War, then the Service of such Men so enrolled shall be accepted in lieu of the Service required by the said

Acts; and the Persons appointed or ballotted to provide for such Service, and also the Class agreeing to pro-

vide for such Service, shall, on the Certificate of such Commanding Officer or Officers, to be ap( olnted as

aforesaid, of the Enrolment of such Fencible Men, be discharged from any further Service under the said

Acts, either by providing any Men or Cloathing, or by furnishing any Mares or Geldings, or Furniture

for the fame, and also from any Charge or Expence to be incurred in rtfpedl of the said Provisional Ca\ airy,

at any Time after the Date of such Enrolment} and if any Person shall be charged with any Sum or Sums

of Money incurred after the Date of such Enrolment, it shall be lawful for him or her to appeal therefrom,

in like Manner, and under the like Terms and Conditions as such Person may by Law appeal from any

Overcharge in any Assessment of the Duties upon Horses. - ABB*# '

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person offering himself to serve in any Fencible Corps of

Cavalry, in lieu of the said Provisional Force of Cavalry, shall take the fame Oath as may have been taken

by the Private Men of the Corps in which he may enter; which Oath may be admiuiftered by any one De-

puty Lieutenant or Justicecf the Peace in any County, Riding, or Place, where such Person Hull be

enrolled. i Si

Persons offering

to serve in the

Fencible Caval-

ry shall take an

Oath, which

may dc admini-

ftertd by a Deputy Lieutenant or Justice.

If in any Place

the Provisional

Cavalry flwil

not be discharg-

cd before or on

^-ffingthis Ail,

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any of the Counties, Ridings, and Places

aforesaid, the Provisional Force of Cavalry raised therein by virtue of the said Acts, shall not bedischarged in

pursuance of this Act, before or on the passing of this Act, no greater Allowance shall thenceforth be made

to any Person or Persons towards discharging the Expences of providing any Mare or Gelding for that Ser-

vice, chan shall be allowed by the Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants, or by three Deputy Lieute-

14: nants.

