A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georg 11 III. C. 28•—31.

of them, had been expressly mentioned in the said Act, and all and every the Provisions in the said Act

contained had been expressly applied thereto respectively, and the said United Provinces, and the Territories,

Places, and Persons aforefa d, had in all Parts of the said Act been mentioned, together with France, and

the Territories, Persons, and Places described in the said Act; and that all and every-the Acts thereby

prohibited to be done by Persons residing or being in Great Britain, with respect to France, or the Persons

exercising, or who, during the said War, might exercise the Powers of Government in France, or Persons

residing or being within any of the Dominions of France, or any Town, Territory, Port, or Place an-

nexed to France, or under the Government of the Persons exercihng, or who might exercise, the Powers

of Government in France, shall be deemed and taken to be, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties,

Provisions, and Restrictions, prohibited with respect to the said United Provinces, and all and every the

Territories and Places under the Government of the Persons exercising, or who shall during the said War

exercise, the Powers of Government in the said Provinces, and all Persons residing or being, or who shall,

during the said War, reside or be within the same, or within any of the Territories or Places aforesaid,

and to the Persons exercising, or who shall, during the said War, exercise the Powers of Government in

the said Provinces, or any of them, or any of the Territories or Places aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall take place and have Commencement from the End

of one Week after the passing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done by any Person whatsoever'

in Great Britain, or which shall be done in any Parts out of Great Britain, by any Person who shall have

been in Great Britain at any Time after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this

Ad; and shall take place and have Commencement one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act,

as to all Acts which shall be done in any Part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any Person who

shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of this Act and one Calendar Month after the

passing of this Act ;. and shall take place and have Commencement three Calendar Months after the passing

of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done in any Parts of the World out of Europe, and not beyond

the Cape of Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great Britain between the passing of

this Act, and the End of three Calendar Months after the passing; of this Act ; and shall take place and

have Commencement six Calendar Months after the pairing of this Act, as to all Acts which shall be done

in any Part of the World beyond the Cape oj Good Hope, by any Person who shall not have been in Great’

Britain between the passing of this Act, and the End of six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to repeal, amend, alter, or vary this Act, or

any Part thereof, during this present Sessioaof Parliament.

Comm<

ment

AQ m

pealed

this Si

■ i o ? , c a p. xxix.

9 Z *

An Act to revive and continue, until the ConcJufion of the present War, an Act passed in the Session of.

Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One

hundred and twenty-five, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat and,

* * other Articles to thelflands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.—[5th April 1798.J

u 37 Geo, III. Cap. 1Z5. recited, and revived and continued till the Conclusion of the War.”

I? GAP; XXX.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an

Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present

Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported.,

to Ireland. — [5th April 1798. J .

44 37 Geo. III. Cap. 76. recited, and continued till Afelrch 25; 1799.”*'

|XjKu I , CAP.. XXXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and hinetv-eight, an

Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-fevemh Years of His present

Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, videlicet, on the nineteenth Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Difliileries, in the several Parts

of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly describefl, for a limited Time ; and for regulating the

Duties on Difliileries, in the respective Diflrids in Scotland — [5th April 1798,]

44 37 Geo. III. Cap. 102. recited, revived, and continued till May 1, 1798. See antey c. 11. Ad mav be re*

44 pealed this Session.” *' ' ,

