A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 40. 289

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the eighth Year of the

Reign of his Majesty King Gcorpe the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods,

and the Danger of Infection thereby ; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine ; and to fubjctl Copper

Ore of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like

Production are subject; which was to be in Force for two Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one

thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

and which, by several subsequent Acts, (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perforin Qua-

rantine,) was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-

(even, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in

the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further con-

tinued to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, hut, by Mistake, the Year one

thousand seven hundred and forty-seven wfas inserted therein instead of the said Year one thousand seven hun-

dred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-seventh, and

thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and in the seventh, fourteenth, twenty-first, and

twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

IV. 'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatan Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s

Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand

seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of Alarch one thousand-seven hundred and thirty-

nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent

Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign,

an$3 in the sixth, fourteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was

further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Juncone. thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Import-

ation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British) Colonies and Plantations in America, shall

be, and the lame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred

and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act% made in the

thirteenth Year of the Reign of his lute Alajejly King George the First, intituled, c An Act for the free Im-

* portation of Cochineal during the "Time therein limited, and a If0 for the free Importation of Indigo ;’ which was

to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for

the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which,

by several subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of

his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the seventh, fourteenth, twenty-second, and twenty-ninth Years of the

Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day

of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-ninth Day of September

one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V(. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An At1 for granting a Bounty upon cer-

tain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the importation of Foreign Raw

Linen Yarns made of Flax, which said Act was by two other Acts, made in the tenth and nineteenth Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by several subsequent Act, passed in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, thirty-first, thirty-third,

and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of

?uneonc thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

arliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec

in America, for a limitedTimc, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day ol June one

thousand seven hundred and lixtv-four, for the Term of one Year, and from thence to the End of the next

Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the sixth, thirteenth, twentieth,

twenty-sixth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, until the twenty-

fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament. » ' t.

Vlil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of

tht Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the ManufaClurt of Leather, by lowering

! k P p 2 the

HhLl I.

X Geo. I. Cap.

18. to prevent

the clandestine

Running of

Goods, fee. (ex-

cept the Clauses

obliging ail

Ships to per-

form Qu ran-

tjne,)continued

to Sept. 29,

1802, Sec.

5 Geo. II. Cap.

24. except such

Part as nlatea

to Importation

and Ex port a;ion

of Foreign Cot-

fee into and

from the British

Colonies in

America, conti-

nued to June

24, 1802, fee.

7 Geo. II. Cap.

18. for the free

Importation of

Cochineal and

Importation of

Indigo, conti-

nued to Sept.

29, 1802, &c.

29 Geo. II. Cap.

15. granting a

Bounty on cer-

tain Species of

British and Irish

Linens, ex-

ported, &c-

continued to

June 24, 1797,

dec.

4 Geo. III.

Cap. 19. for

importing Salt

into Quebec,

continued to

June 24, x8o*f

See.

12 Geo. III.

Cap. 50. for

encouraging

