647

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 112.

Conveyance, in purfiunce of this A#, shall be made, of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners,

and it nq such Assignee or Assignees ()iall be living, then in the Name or Names of any oilier Creditor or

Creditors, who shal! ftie for the said Penalties, to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and

the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or

other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refute to give every or any such Prisoner, adjudged

^ A i a Copy of the

than the Sum of

Shilling for. an Assignemnt or Con-

veyance of such Prisoner’s Efface and Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk,

or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such

General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner, the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace,

at such General or Quarcer Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby

empowered to cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace,

or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I'hat if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall

take the Benefit of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any Oath to

be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, mall suffer

such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of

this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for

Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, .Damages, Contempts for Nonpayment of Money, Colts,

Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment,

or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Cods, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may

be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Procels issued, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon

fhewipg the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such

Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the fame l ime to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or

Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Cods he, she, or they shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so

much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem juff and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby

empowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such

Action or Suit. ~ '

XXXII. c And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done with

such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and dood charged with Debts; as

1 well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts ;* to remedy which, be it therefore

enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred

subsequent to the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ;, and if it (bail appear

to the Justices, at any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be

discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said first Day of January

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, that, in such Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Tudiccs to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts incurred previous to the said fird

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to remand him or her back to the

Cudody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she

dands charged with in his Cudody, incurred, subsequent to the said fird Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety.seven* f

XXX1IL. And be it further enacted' by the Authority aforcfaiJ, That in case any Peifoti, being a Pri-

foner, charged in Execution on the said fird Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having

conformed to the several Provisious of the Laws in being for that Purpote, shall have been brought up, and

by the Court, before whicJi such Prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from

which such Prisoner was. brought up, there to continue in Execution on the undertaking of his or her

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to nay to him or her two Shillings and Four-pence Weekly and every Week, or such

other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such Cafe*, during such Time as such Prisoner should

remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution

shall have been or shall be difehaiged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, without his or

her o wn Privity or Consent, subsequent to the said fiiff Day of January one thousand leven hundred and

ninety-seven, and before the'Day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this

Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the fame Relief and Advantage,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or (lie might cr could have otherwise obtained by virtue of.

this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit

or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff’, Keeper, or Gaoler of any Prison,

for performing their Offices in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Ifi’ue, and give this Act in

Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, c-r Verdict pass against him, or JuJg-

nt upon Demurr.tr, the Defendant shall have Treble Costa

XXXV. And

Penalty on

Clerks of the

Peace relufing

to give Copies

of Adjudica-

tiens of Dif-

charges, &c.

Debtors for-

swearing, to be.

deemed guilty

of Perjury.

Persons dif-

charged not

liable for Debts

prior to Jan. ip,

,797«

rrifoners not'

discharged of

DebtrincumpeT.

subsequent to

Jan. j, 1797-

Prisoners wlm,

on Application

as Insolvent.

Debtors, have

been remanded

back, and since

discharged, ,

without their

Consent, en-

titled to the Be-

nefit of this A

• f&r anttc. Sj,

of tbii bejfon. J

m

Act may he

pleaded to any ,

Act 1 on ot

C4t>£.

