347

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 60.

» % f

a Circle twelve Inches in Diameter; any Thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wise oot-

withstandir.g.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Aw>uj7,

if any Person shall make out, fend, or deliver, for, with, or in relation to any Metal Huttons, any List,

Bill of Parcels, or Invoice, expressing therein any other than the real Quality of such Buttons, and shall at

the Time of making out, fending, or delivering such Lift, Bill of Parcels, or Invoice, know that such Lift,

Bill of Parcels, or Invoice, express therein arvy other than the real Quality of such Buttons, such Person

shall, for every such Offence, forfait and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and

applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall knowingly

put, place, or intermix, or cause, order, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or intermixed, any Metal

Button or Buttons, that shall not be respectively really and bona fide gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver,

upon any Card or Cards, fexcept Pattern Cards,) or upon any Paper or Papers, or other Subffance where-

on or wherein any Metal Button or Buttons gilt with Gold, or plated with Silver, shall be put or placed, nor

intermix the fame in any other Manner, upon pain of forfeiting the Buttons so put, placed, or intermixed,

together with the Sum of five Pounds for any Quantity of Buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding

one Dozen, and not exceeding twelve Dozen ; and for any Quantity of Buttons so put, placed, or inter-

mixed, exceeding twelve Dozen, at and after the Rate of one Pound for every twelve Dozen; to be levied,

recovered, and applied, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

VII. And, for the more easy and better ascertaining what shall be deemed or taken to be a Gilt or Plated

Button or Buttons, be it enacted, That no Metal Buttons shall be deemed or taken to be Gilt Buttons,

unless continually, from the Time of gilding thereof. Gold shall remain put, placed, and equally spread

upon the upper Surface of the said Buttons, exclusive of the Edges, in the Proportion of five Grains to such

Quantity of the said Buttons, the upper Surfaces of which, exclusive of the Edges, shall measure or be equal

to the Area or Superficies of a Circle twelve Inches in Diameter; and that no Metal Buttons shall be

deemed or taken to be plated Buttons, unless the Area or Superficies of the upper Surface thereof be made

of a Plate of Silver, put, placed, or fixed upon Copper, or a Mixture of Copper with other Metals, pre-

vious to such Plate of Silver and Copper, or Mixture of Copper with other Metals, being rolled into

Sheets or Fillets.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Ma-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or

where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this A£1; and such Juf-

tices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made rn that Behalf,

to summon the Party accused, and the Witnesses on each Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fail,

and upon due Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Wit-

nefs or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the pecuniary Penalty, with Costs to be allowed by such

Justices; and to award and issue out their Warrant, undtr their Hands and Seals, for the levying such Pe-

nalty and Costs on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made there-

of, in case they shall not be redeemed within five Days, inclusive of the Day of . the Seizure, rendering the

Surplus, if any, to the Person or Persons whole Goods or Chattels shall be distrained; and for Want of a

sufficient Distress, such Justices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to his Majesty’s Gaol for

the County, City, or Place, where such Information shall be laid as aforesaid, there to remain for any Time

not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless Payment shall be sooner made of the said Penalty and Costs.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves ag-

grieved by the Judgment of such Justices, he, she, or they may (upon giving Security, with a sufficient

Surety, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty or Penalties, and Costs, together with such further

Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed) appeal to the next General Quarter Sef-

fions of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made; and the Justices at

such Sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath, and to hear and finally de-

termine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as the said Court shall think reasonable, to

the Party in whose Favour such Appeal shall be determined.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said

Justices of the Peace, and also of the said Quarter Sessions, to modify and mitigate the said Penalties, in

such Manner as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such Penalties shall in no Cafe be reduced below

one Half, or, where such Penalties shall be less than the Sum of forty Pounds, below twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made upon any Offence or Offences in this Act men-

tioned or created shall be set aside in or by any Court whatsoever, for Want of Form, or through the Mif-

take of any Fadf, Circumstance, or other Matter whatsoever, provided the material Fadts alledged in such

Conviction, and upon which the fame shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court}

any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding-

XIL And be it further enacted, That a Convidhon in the Form or to the Effect following: (mutatis mu~

landis) as the Cafe shall happen to be, shall be good andefiedtual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

without stating the Cafe, or the Fadts or Evidence in any particular Manner; (that is to say )*

11 remembered. That on the-----Day of -----in the Year of our Lord-----at----- in the

County of -----A B. came before us, C. Z). and Zs. F. two of his Majesty’s justices of the Peace

for the said County, [City, or Place, in the Cafe may bef] and informed us, that G. H, of -- on the

M j JtI ' 4-----Day

Penalty on

mik.n, talfc

invoices.

Penalty on mix-

ing Buttons of

different Qua-

lities.

For ascertaininr

what shall be

deemed to be a

Gilt Button.

Recovery of

Penalties.

9

Appeal.

Mitigation of

Penalties.

Proceedings not

to be quafhrd

for Want of

Form only.

Form of Con-

viction*

