584

So much of

l Geo- i as re-

strains taking

of Salmon, &c.

between certain

Periods repealed.

Salmon, &c.

may be taken

between Jan. i

and Sept. 12,

Preserving Sal

mon, &c. be-

tween Sept. 12

and Jan.

Preserving the

Spawn of Sal.

mon, &c.

For afllgning

Overseers to

preserve the

FiOi.

/

frer keeping

open the Scuttle

or Hatch for a

longer Period.

Public A ft,

I

• Cap. 18.

C. 95, 96. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said last recited Act as

retrains the taking of Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or the offering the fame to Sale between the

first Day of August and the twelfth Day of November, and the taking of Bouges between the eleventh Day of

November and the thirtieth Day of June, in every Year, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful for such Owners and Proprietors, and

every other Person or Persons entitled to fish in the Rivers within the said Counties, and their Servants and

Agents, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times from and after the passing

of this A cl, and until the twelfth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and at any

Time or Times in any subsequent Year, between the first Day of January and the twelfth Day o{September,

to take, kill, or destroy any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or any Bouges, or offer to Sale any ot

the said Fish so taken between the last mentioned Periods.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Owner, Proprietor, or Person aforesaid, or

any of his Servants or Agents, shall or may at any Time or Times between the twelfth Day of Sip-

tember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the first Day of January one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, and at any Time or Times in any subsequent Year between the twelfth Day of

September and the first Day of January, take, kill, or destroy, or wilfully hurt any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or

Salmon Kind, or any Bouges, by Hawks, Racks, Gins, Angles, or any other Devices whatsoever, or offer

to Sale any of the said Fish so taken, under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are mentioned and

contained in the said first recited Act \ any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof

in any wise nolwithstanding.

lv. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take, kill, or destroy the Spawn, Fry,

or Young Brood of any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, in any of the said Rivers, or in any Brook

or Stream communicating with them, or either of them, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Pof-

session any such Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood, at any Time between the tenth Day of Alarch and the

thirtieth Day of May in any Year, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shil-

lings for every Parcel or Quantity of the Spawn, Fry, or Young Brood, of any such Fish so taken, killed,

or destroyed, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in the like Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures men-

tioned in the said recited Acts, or either of them, are directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

V. 4 And whereas by the said Act passed in the fourth Year of Queen Anne it was directed, that there

« should be assigned Overseeds of that Statute by any two or more Justices of the Peace residing within five

Miles of the respective Rivers within the said Counties of Southampton and JVilu: And whereas it would

‘ tend to the more effectual Preservation of the Fish within the said Rivers, if such Overseers were to be con-

4 ftantly assigned :* Be it therefore enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively

residing within five Miles of any of the said Rivers shall, and they are hereby directed and required, at any

Quarter or Special Sessions of the Peace to be holden within six Months after the passing of this Act, to

assign Overseers for the Purposes directed by the said recited Act; and shall once in every Year, at any such

Quarter or Special Sessions on or before the first Day of November, assign the fame or other Persons to be

Overseers for the like Purposes, and such Persons so assigned shall execute, do, and perform, all the Powers

and Authorities granted to the Overseers by the said recited Act j any Thing therein contained to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

VI. 4 And whereas it was by the said Act enacted, That all Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon any

4 of the Rivers in the said Counties should constantly keep open one Scuttle or Hatch of a Foot square in the

4 Waste Hatch or Watercourse in the direct Stream wherein no Water Wheel should stand, sufficient for the

4 Salmon to pass and repass freely up and down the said Rivers, from the eleventh Day of November to the

4 one-and'thirtieth Day of May in every Year: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Time limited

4 by the said recited Act for keeping open such Scuttle or Hatch:* Be it therefore enacted, That all Owners

and Occupiers of Mills upon the said Rivers (half constantly keep open the said Scuttle or Hatch in the

Manner directed by the said recited Act, from the eleventh Day of Nove?nber to the eleventh Day of July in

every Year, under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and {ball be

judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially

pleading the same. ,

• . CAP. XCVI. -

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of His late Majesty

King George the First ♦» intituled, An Atlfor the effectual draining and Preservation 0/*Haddenbam Level

in the Ifie of Ely ; and for more effectually draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds

lying wuhin llie said Level.— [zt& 'Junt 1797.J 3,

