360

the Deficiency,

and treble the

Value.

Toll to be de-

duced from

Com before it be

put into thcMill.

No Corn, but

Money, to be

taken for Toll,

on Penalty of

5I. except

where the Party

has no Money.

A6i not to ex-

tend to Mills

where a Right

to take Toll has

been established

by Custom and

law.

Millers to put

up in their Mills

a Table of

Price*, on Pe-

nalty of 10 s.

A A not to ex-

tend to private

Mills.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties.

Appeal may be

made to the

Qu rter Scf-

fions.

Judgments not

remoVeafcle

Limitation of.

Informations.

Form of Con*

vision.

C. 85.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1796.

grinding and dressing, shall appear to weigh less than such full Weight, after allowing for the Diminution,

aforesaid, as the Cafe may be, such Miller shall, for every BushelofCorn lo deficient in Weight, forfeit and

pay a Sum not exceeding one Shilling, and also treble the Value of such Deficiency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in Cafes where Toll is hereinafter allowed to be taken, such Quantity

of Corn as the Miller shall be lawfully entitled to deduct by Way of loll for grinding the lame, shall be de-

ducted before the said Corn shall be put into the Mill.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six, no Miller, or other Perforr keeping a Mill for grinding Corn, shall demand or'take any Part of

the Corn brought to be ground, or of the Produce of such Corn when ground, by Way of Toll for Pay-

ment, but in lieu thereof he shall be entitled to demand Payment in lawful Money of Great Britain;

and every Miller or other Person as aforesaid who shall demand or talce any Part of the Corn brought to be

ground, or of the Produce of such Corn when ground, by Way of Toll fur Payment, shall for every such,

Offence be liable to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds: Provided always, that where any

Person who has brought or caused to be brought any Corn to be ground shall not have Money to pay for

grinding the fame, it (nail be lawful for the Miller or other Person as aforesaid, with the Consent of the Per-

son bringing the fame, or causing it to be brought, to take such Part of the Produce of such Corn as will be

equal to the Money Price expressed in the Table of Prices for grinding such Com, as herein-after required:

Provided also, that nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the ancient

Mills, commonly called Soke Mills, or to such other ancient Mills where the Right and Obligation of the

Possessors of the fame to grind Corn foj particular Persons, or within particular Districts, and to take a fixed

and certain Toll for grinding, have been established by ancient Custom, and the Law of the Land, but that

such Mills shall continue to take Toll in the fame Quantity, and in the same Manner, as they have been

used and accustomed to do under the Authority aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six, every Miller, or other Person who shall grind for Hire or Toll, shall caiife to be put up in some

conspicuous Place in his Mill, and renew when necessary, in fair and legible Characters, a Table of the

Pricesin Money, or of the Amount of Toll or Multure, for which the several Operations of his Mill are to

be performed respectively; and every Miller, or other Person, as aforesaid, who shall omit to set up and

keep fair and legible such a Table, shall be liable to forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings

for every such Offence.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to any Mills kept for the private Use of the Proprietor,or Uccupier only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this Act shall and may

be recoverable before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or

Place, where the Offence shall be committed, upon Conviction, or Confession of the Party, or on the Oath

of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied by Warrant

under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods

and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending; and the Penalty and Forfeiture, when so levied, shall be

paid, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be

committed, and the Overplus, (if any,) after the Costs of such Conviction and Distress and Sale are deduct-

, shall be returned to the Party or Parties offending; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such

Penalty and Forfeiture, and the said Costs and Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be law-

ful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under

his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol

or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any l ime not ex-

ceeding one Month, unless the said Penalty and Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges, shall respectively be

sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselve*

aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuc' J L *' A ~ 0

curity to the Amount of the Value ol __ ML..

awarded, in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General

Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, or Place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered finally

to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Justice or Justices shall be affirmed, it

shall be lawful for such Justices, at their Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons to pay

such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as t > fiemselves shall seem meet; and no such Judgment or Con-

viftion shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Information for any Offence committed against this Act shall be

laid before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within ten Days after the said Offence has been

committed, and that otherwise such Information shall beof no fcffeft.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices may be

made in the following Form:

2

. ( r>E it remembered. That on"the-----Day of-----in the Year Jl. B* was, upon the

4 to Wl 1 Complaint of C.D. convicted before-----of the Justices of the Peace for----- in pur-

4 fuance of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for

4 [or Of the Cafe may be]. Given under — Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written.*

Which

