382

C. 92.

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

ftcers are quali- whom such Commissions have been granted, shall and may act, if qualified as herein-after expressed, in the

^cd» Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have adied in the Execution of the said former Acts,

to •fc.rtain *m case this had not been made.

which, thvyarc v *•

to examine upon Oath.

Commissioners

to arm, array,

and exer*ife the

Militia, and ap-

point Oftici rs,

who Hull have

the Tame Rank

as the other

Militia Forces.

Comm iHi ons

not vacated by

Revocation of

the Powerofthc

Commissioners.

Officers to pof-

fels the fame

Qimlin cation

as for Cities

which are

Counties of

themselves, to

take the Oaths,

and subscribe a

Declaration as

to his Qualifica-

tien.

No Bankrupt

to be an Officer.

Establishment

of the Militia.

Commissions to

be inserted in

the Gazette.

«*

Expence of In-

fertion to be al-

lowed the Clerk.

Field Officers

and Captains

now holding

Commissions,

who have not

delivered in

their Qualifica-

tiens, to do so in

three Months

on Pain of Dif-

qualification.

Penalty for

afiing without

being qualified,

or without de-

livering in a

Defer! ption of

Qualification.

, III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s Commissioners of Lieutenancy that noware and

hereafter shall be constituted and appointed for the City of London, shall have full Power and Authoriry, and

are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons once

in every Year, and at such other Times and in such Manner as is herein-after directed ; and the said Com-

missioners shall from Time to Time constitute 3nd appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Co-

lonels, Majors, and other Officers, qualified as herein-after directed, to train, discipline, and command the

Persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned,

and the Officers so#appointed shall have the fame Rank in the Army as the Officers of the Rest of the Mi-

litia Forces of this Kingdom.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer granted by his Majesty’s said Com-

missioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London in pursuance of this Act, shall be vacated by reason of the

Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which such Commissioners were ap-

pointed. . - . . '

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be appointed an Officer of the said Militia, in

pursuance of this Act, shall possess the like Qualification, with respect to Property, as those of the fame

Rank, in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves, are directed to possess by an Act,

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and re-

ducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land ; and every Commissioned Officer shall take the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declara-

tien by the said Act required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed ; and every Colonel, Lieute-

nant Colonel. Major, and Captain, in the said Militia, shall be a Freeman of the City of London, and shall

also take an Oath and subscribe a Declaration before the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized

and directed to administer the said Oath and receive the said Declaration, that he pofiefles the Qualifications

required by the said Act; and every Lieutenant and Ensign in the said Militia shall be a Freeman, or the

Son of a Freeman of the City of London, and shall also take (if required by the said Commissioners) an

Oath, and subscribe a Declaration before the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized to administer

the said Oath and receive the said Declaration, that he possesses the Qualifications required by the said Act:

Provided always, that no Person who has been a Bankrupt, or compounded with his Creditors, and

not paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, shall be eligible to be a Commissioned Officer in the said London

Militia.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised, by virtue of this

Act, for the Militia of die City of London and Liberties thereof, shall be one thousand and two hundred, to

he formed into two Regiments, conlifting each of eight Companies, besides a Grenadier and Light In-

fantry Company ; the Field Officers of each Regiment shall be one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and

one Major; and there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Enlign, to each Company, except

to the Grenadier and Light Infantry Companies, to each of which there shall he appointed two Lieutenants,

in (lead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign ; and the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall cause to be inserted

in the London Gazette the Date of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with

the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army

are published from the War Office; and the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette, for each Com-

mission, shall be allowed to the said Clerk in passing his Accounts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer now holding a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant

Colonel, Major, or Captain, in the said Militia, who hath not delivered a specific Description of his Quali-

fication, herein-before mentioned, for enabling him to hold such Commission, to the Clerk or Treasurer

to the said Commissioners, shall, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this A&, deliver such

specific Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who

shall forthwith lay the fame, or a true Copy thereof, before the said Commissioners ; and in case any such

Officer shall not deliver such specific Description of his Qualification asaforeiaid, to the Clerk or Treasurer,

within the 'Time before limited for that Purpose, his Commission shall be void, and he shall be incapable of

being or serving as an Officer in the said Militia again in the fame or any higher Rank.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be

executed by Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, in the said Militia, not being qualified as aforesaid,

or without having delivered a specific Description of his Qualification to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said

Commissioners, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds ; and if any Person

shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains in the said Militia, not being

qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific Description of his Qualification to the said

Clerk or Treasurer, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any

Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels,

Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, or Enfigr.s, in the said Militia, afterkhaving been a Bankrupt, or after

having

