22

C. 63

tricesimo quinto

Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered

separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on any

Account whatever.

SCHEDULE to which this refers.

L- 5°°-

S.

"Delivered the

Day of

In the Name of God, Amen. as well in own Name,

as for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Persons to whom the fame doth, may,

or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make AiTurance, and cause

^ and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, or other Furniture, of and in the

good Ship or Vessel called The whereof is Master, under God, for this present Voyage,

or whosoever else shall go fo/ Master in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the

fame Ship, or the Master thereof, is or shall be named or called: Beginning the Adventure upon the said

Ship, etc. from and immediately following and so shall continue and endure until the said

Ship, with her said Tackle, Apparel, etc. shall be arrived at and there hath moored

at Anchor twenty-four Hours in good Safety : And it shall be lawful for the said Ship in this Voyage to

proceed and fail to and touch and stay at any Ports or Places whatsoever without

Prejudice to this Insurance ; the said Ship, etc. for so much as concerns the Aflureds, is and shall be valued

at Touching the Adventures and Perils which we the AfTurers are contented to

bear and do take upon us in this Voyage, they arc, of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates,

Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests,

Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality

soever, Barretry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Lodes, and Misfortunes, that have or

shall come to the Hurt, Detriment, or Damage, of the said Ship, etc. or any Part thereof: And in case of

any Loss or Misfortune, it shall be lawful to the Aflureds, their Factors, Servants, and Assigns, to sue,

labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the Defence, Safeguard, and Recovery, of the said Ship, etc. or any

Part thereof, without Prejudice to this Insurance, to the Charges whereof we the Adurers will contribute

each one according to the Rate and Quantity of his Sum herein allured: And it is further agreed by us the

Infuiers, that this Writing or Policy of Assurance shall be of as much Force and Effect as the surest

Writing or Policy of Assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere

in X-ondon: And so we the Adurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for

his own Part, our Heirs, Executors, and Goods, to the Adureds, their Executors, Administrators, and

Adigns, for the true Performance of the Premises, confeding ourselves paid the Consideration due unto us

for this Assurance by the Allured at and after the Rate of

In Witness whereof we the Adurers have subscribed our Names and Sums adured in London.

N. B. The Ship and Freight warranted free from Average under three Pounds per Cent. unless

' general, or the Ship be stranded. . ^ d

/. 1,000. 1

* G. 1

Delivered the

Day of

IN the Name of God, Amen. as well in , own

y Name, as for and in the Name and Names of all and every other Person or Persons to whom the

1 fame doth, may, or shall, appertain, in Part or in all, doth make Ad’urance, and cause

J and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not loft, at and from * upon

any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, loaden or to be loaden aboard the good Ship or Veftel

called The whereof is Master, under God, for this present Voyage, or w'hosoever

else shall go for Master in the said Ship, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame Ship, or the Master

thereof, is or shall be named or called : Beginning the Adventure upon the said Goods and Merchandizes from

and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said Ship and so shall continue and en-

dure until the said Ship, with the said Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at

and the lame there safely landed : And it shall be lawful for the said Ship, in this Voyage, toftop and stay at

any Ports or Places whatsoever without Prejudice to this Insurance ; the said Goods and Mer-

chandizes, by Agreement, are and shall be valued at Touching the Adventures and

Perils which wc the Afturers are contented to bear, and do take upon us in this Voyage, they are, of the

Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettifons, Letters of Mart and Countermart,

Surprizals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of all Kings, Princes, and People, of what

: '1 ' — Nation^

