88o

before Delivery

rf Declaration,

or an Account

flj-jilbc taken by

the Officer, S<c.

Warehouses

may be used at

Liverpool or

Bristol for stor-

ing Salt for Ex-

portation,undtr

certain Provi-

so ns.

Warehousis to

be locked up by

the Officer.

Salt may be de-

livered Duty-

free from Ware-

housestobe car-

ried to Export

Warehouses.

SalterRo kSalt

remo\ed from a

Warthouse, ex-

cept in the Pre-

fence of an Offi-

cer, Sec. to be

forfeited, with

the Carriages,

&c. and the Ptr-

fons concerned

to forfeit tool.

Salt or RockSalt

removed with-

out a Permit, or

under a false

D^scription, to

be forfeited,

with the Ships,

4:c.

Penalty on Per-

fons concerned

in such Re-

moval.

Officers of the

Customs or Ex-

cife may carry

Persons re nov-

ing Salt without

a Permit before

a-Justice, who

may convidfc

C. 89. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. A.0.1798-

delivered to the proper Officer of Excise, or before such Officer shall have duty taken an Account of, and

ascertained the Number of Bushels, Barrows, or Troughs of Salt, of such Boiling or Operation, or before the

fame shall have been removed into such hi?, her, or their entered Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or

Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe all the Salt so removed, carried,

or conveyed away, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited, together with

the Package containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and

such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietoror Proprietors, or other Person or Persons lo

offending, shall, for each and every fuchOffience, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound

Weight of such Salt so removed, carried, or conveyed away, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the

Election cf his Majesty’s Attorney General,* or the.Person or Petfons who shall sue for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Refiner of,

or Dealer in Salt, to provide or eredf, and make use of one or more such Export Warehouseor Warehouses

as hereinafter mentioned, at or within the Ports of Liverpool or Brtftol respectively, for the Purpose of

laying, (loring, or keeping therein Salt intended for Exportation: Provided, That every such Warehouse

shall be well, substantial, and securely built and constructed, and that no such Warehouse shall have

more than one Door or Entrance to the fame, and that there be no Communication between any such

Warehouse and any other Place whatsoever, except such Door or Entrance as aforesaid: Provided also,

That no such Warehouse be less than twenty Yards distant from any Warehouse which shall be used for

laying, storing, or keeping Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, and that no such Warehouse be made

use of for the laying, storing, or keeping of Salt, until particular Entry, in Writing, of such Warehouse,

shall have been made at the next Office of Excise by the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Warehouse shall be securely locked up by the

proper Officer of Excise, except at such Time or Times only as such Officer (ha!l be attending in pur-

suance of Notice to be given, according to the Directions of this Act, for depoficing Sale therein, or deli-

vering Salt out of the fame for Exportation.: j Cfe*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers

of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, to deliver, Duty free, from his, her, or their Warehouse or

Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, Loft or Lofts, any Quantity of Salt (Rock Salt excepted) to be

forthwith carried and conveyed to, and depotited in any such Export Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid,

at the Ports of Liverpool or Bristol> for the Purpose of being exported therefrom to Parts beyond the Seas.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be taken, removed, or carried

out of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, or other Place used by any Maker or Makers of Salt, or Re-

finer or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work,

except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and under and according to the Directions of this

Adb, between the Hours of seven in the Evening and five in the Morning, from the twenty-fourth Day

cf March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, or between the Hours of five in the Evening and (“even in

the Morning, from the twenty-eighth of September to the twenty-fifth Day of Alarchy such bait and Rock

Salt, together with the Package containing the fame, and also the Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages,

and Horses and Cattle used or employed in carrying and removing the lame, shall be forfeited, and the

fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Perton or Persons

concerned or employed in such Removal, or in whose Custody or Possession such Salt shall be found, shall,

for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pound?.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found removed or removing

from any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, without a true and lawful Permit accompanying the fame,

or if any Salt or Rock Salt, sent or consigned to London, Liverpool, Worcester, Gloucester, or Bristol, shall

be found removed or removing to any or either of the said Ports or Places, without a true and lawful Permit

accompanying the fame, or if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found removed or removing Coafiwile without

a true and lawful Permit accompanying the fame, or if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found removed or

removing under a false Description, then all such Salt and Rock Salt so found removed or removing, con-

trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adf, shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing

the fame, and also all the Ships, Flats, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, Waggons, Carts, or other Car-

riages, and the Horses and Cattle used or employed in removing the fame, and the fame rtfpedfively (hull

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody the

fame shall be found, or who shall be, or shall have been employed or concerned in removing the fame, shall

forfeit the Sucn of forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of Salt and Rock Salt so found removed or re-

moving, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the

Election of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of the Customs or Excise shall find or

discover any Person or Persons in the Act of carrying or removing any Salt or Rock Salt from any Salt Mine,

Salt Pit, or Salt Work, without being accompanied by a legal and authentic Permit, granted according to

the Directions of this Adf, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer to apprehend such Person or

Persons, and to rake him, her, or them before any one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person or Persons shall be dif-

covered

