C. lviii.

ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

Cap. lviii.

An Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments

of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine

of Lancaster \ and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the

laid County to hold an Annual General Session, and also a Special Session, for the

Purposes therein mentioned.—[21ft "June 1798.]

WHEREAS the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster have

been for divers and very many Years last past usually holden at the Towns, Places, and Times,

and in the Manner following ; (that is to say,) The first Quarterly Session, commonly called The Epi-

c phany Session, at Lancaster on Tueflay in the first Week next after the Fealt of the Epiphany, according

4 to the orefent Style or Computation of Time used in this Kingdom, by Adjournment at Preston on ihe

4 Thursday following, by further Adjournment at Jk'tgan on the Monday following, and by further Ad-

c journment at Manchester on the Thursday Sevennight (but now and of 'late Years on the IVedneJday

4 Sevennight) after the Commencement of the said Session ; the Second Quarterly Session, commonly

4 called The Eqjler Session, at-Lancaster on the Tuesday next after Low Sunday, by Adjournment ox Prcjhn

4 on the Thursday following, by further Adjournment at Ormjkirk on the Monday following, and by further

4 Adjournment at Manchester on the Thursday Sevennight (but now and of late Years on the ITednejday

1 Sevennight) after Low Sunday ; the Third Quarterly Session, commonly called The Midsummer Stjfon,

4 at Lancaster on the Tufday in the first Week next after the Feast of the Translation of Saint Thomas the

4 Martyr, commonly called Thomas d Beckett, by Adjournment at Preston on the Thursday following, by

1 further Adjournment at Qrmfkirk on the Monday following, and by further Adjournment at Alanchjler

4 on Thursday Sevennight (but now and of late Years on the IVedneJday Sevennight) next after the Com-

4 mencement of the said Session; and the Fourth Quartet ly Session, commonly called The Michaelmas

4 Session, at Lancaster on the Tuesday in the first Week next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel,

41 by Adjournment at Preston on the Thursday following, by further Adjournment at IVigan on the Monday

4 following, and by further Adjournment at Manchester on the Thursday Sevennight (but now and of late

4 Years on the IVedneJday Sevennight) after the Commencement of the said Session ; and have so continued

4 to be holden, to the great Benefit of the County at large, and the convenient Administration of Public

4 Justice: And whereas, in Addition to the said four General Courts of Quarter Sessions so holden by

4 Adjournment as aforesaid, it has been found expedient that a General Sessions of the Peace (bould be

* annually holden at a central and convenient Place in the said County Palatine, for the Purpose of iranf-

4 acting the General Business of the County at large : And whereas the Town of Preston bci: g such

4 central and convenient Place in the said County, a General Session of the Peace, called The Epiphany

4 Sefjion, hath been for some Years last past annually holden there for the Purpose aforesaid, by Adjourn-

4 meat from Manchester to the said Town of Preston, to the great Convenience and Advantage of ths

4 County at large : And whereas the Legality of the said Adjournments of the said General Courts of

4 Quarter Session hath been attempted to be called in question : And whereas it is expedient that all Doubts

4 regarding the Legality of such Adjournments should be removed: And whereas it is expedient, that in

4 the Lieu and Stead of such Annual General Session, called The Epiphany Session, so now holden by Ad-

4 journment from Manchester to Preston as aforesaid, a General Session for the said County Palatine should

4 be annually holden on the Thursday next after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, for the Purposes here-

4 inafter mentioned ; and that the holding of the fame, as well as the holding of a Special Session for the

4 Purposes in that Behalf also hereinafter mentioned, Should be fully establflhed and confirmed; but such

4 Doubts cannot be effectually obviated, nor the holding of the said Court of Annual General and Special

4 Session be fully and effectually established and confirmed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

4 May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enaCted,* t5?c.

44 General Quarter Sessions originating, at Lancaster, and all Adjournments adjudged to be legal and valid.

44 § 1. Justices empowered to hold an Annual General Session at Preston, § 2.; at which is to be trans acted

excluiively all Public Business of the County at large. § 3. But the Gaol not to be removed from the

Castle of Lancaster. § 4. In cale of Vacancies in the Public Offices, in the Nomination of the Juf-

tices, idc. the Salaries of which are payable out of the County Rates, oc in case of any unforeften Acci-

dent, a Special General Session may be assembled upon previous Advertisement by the Clerk of the

Peace, of the Nature of the Business intended to be brought forward at such Special Session. $ 5. In

.case of Non-attendance of the Justices or their Neglect or Refusal to adjourn, the lame to be deemed to

44 be adjourned to the next usual Place of holding. § 6. Quarter Sessions authorized to levy such Rates as

the Annual General Session empowered

ates. § 8.4 Expences of the Act to be paid out

44 of the County Rates. § o. Rights of the Corporation of Lancaster not affected by this Act. § to#

“ PubljcAcL. * ii.m

J Cap.

it

it

it

ii

it

it

it

44 shall be made at the Annual General Sessions. § 7.

44 to increase the Treasurer's Salary out of the County

§

8

