XVII

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 Geo. III.

Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, j

for a limited 'rime.

S2. An Act more etfedhially to prevent the Landing of

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without the Presence

of the proper Officer; to authorise Officers of the Customs

to convey Wines laying on the Quays to His Majesty’s

Warehouse within a certain Time after the Landing

thereof; and to require the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and

Halts, licensed by the Admiralty, to give Security to re-

deliver their Licences, in case any such Ships, Vessels, or

Boats, shall be loft, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

$3. An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of

Curates within the Church of England, and for making

certain Fegulations respecting the Appointment of such

Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures aug-

mented by Queen Anne1 s Bounty, with respect! to the

Avoidance of other Benefices.

84. An Ac! for further continuing, for a limited Time,

an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the

Lord H’gh Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury

for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an

Ad, made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty1 s

Reign, on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by

Time, to such Pefons as should be willing to contrail for the

fame.

85. An Act for the better Regulation of Mills.

86. An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing,

Weight, and Sale, of Butter; and to repeal certain Acts

relating thereto.

87. An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawn-

brokers.

88. An Act to regulate the Buying and Selling of Hay and

Straw; and for repealing so much of two Ad!s, made in

the second Year of the Reign of King William and

Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

or King George the Second, as relate to the Buying and

Selling of Hay and Straw, within the Limits therein

mentioned.

89. An Act for aflfeffing the Commissioners, Clerks, and

other Officers of the Duties on Salt, for their Salaries,

and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land

Tax, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within

the City and Liberty of Westminster, notwithihnding

the said Office has been removed into Somerset Place,

within the Dutchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County

of Middlesex.

90. An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and bene-

ficially entitled to, or interested in, the several Stocks and

Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England.

91. An Act for difl’olving a certain Partnership, Society,

or Undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing

the Joint Stock and F'unds belonging thereto, amongst

the Members thereof. -

92. An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of

Parliament, two several AdU, passed in the thirty-fourth

and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

lor the better ordering the Militia of the City of London,

and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands of

Militia of the said City.

93. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the thirty-first Year of His present Majesty,

for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of

Sivanjea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making

Improvements in the Lights at The Mumbles.

94. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Itchin% at

or near Northern, within the Liberties of the Town

and County of the Town of Soutl^amptony and for making

a Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from

thence to communicate with the Road leading from IVcft

End to Botley, in the County of Southampton.

95. An Ac! for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of

the JVarwick and Braunston Canal Navigation to vary

the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, and for

amending and altering the Act made in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making

the said Canal.

96. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

thirty-third year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury,/» the County

of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in

the County of Chester, and also for making and maintain-

ing certain collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal;

and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Course

of the said Canal and collateral Cuts between Ruabon

and Chcjlery and for making and maintaining several other

Branches and collateral Cuts to communicate there-

with.

97. An Act to enable His Majesty, in Right of his Dutchy

of Lancaster y to make a Grant of certain Lands, for

the Purpose of carrying into Execution an Act, passed

in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a

navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of

tax

King

idal, in the Count

Westmorland, to Weft Houghton, in the County Palatine

of Lancaster, and afo a navigable Branch from the said

intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton

Cragg, and also another navigable Branch fromy aty or

near Gale Mols, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the

said County Palatine of Lancaster.

98. An Ac! for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering

and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great

Grim/by, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for the more effectually embanking, draining,

preserving, and improving certain low Lands and

Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or

Town ships of Everton, Scaft worth, Gringley on the Hilly

Mylertony and llalkeringhamy in the County of Notting-

ham. . ' ' :*. A v ,

100. An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing,

dividing, and allotting certain Tracts of Common and

Waste Lands, cal led Marshland Smeeth and Marjhland Fcny

lying within the Country of Marjhland, in the County of

Norfolk, and for dinting and regulating the Stocking,

Feeding, and Depafturing of the said Smeeth and Fen,

until the Inclosure, Divihon, and Allotment thereof.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, em-

banking, and improving the Open and Common r ields,

Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands,

and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of

Morton, I bilker it b, East, Stochvith, Blit on, 1Vhartony

Pilhamy and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburghy

Blitony and Pilhamy in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln,

and County of the fame City, and of the Parish of Saint

Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and

the 6ther Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of

Lincoln.

103. An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint

Martin Outwichy in Tbreadncedle Street, within the City

of London.

104. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raifedby a Lottery,

105. An

