America in

Arrow Root

may be import

Duty Irec,

Irom the Hritish

Plantations in

-built Ships, owned, See. according to Law;

A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 113, 114.

and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, or any Act now in Force, respecting the registering of

Ships and Veffete, as the Circumstances of the Cafe will admit; and in case any Suit shall have been com-

menced for the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the

Advice aforesaid, to order all Proceedings thereupon to be stayed, either absolutely, or upon such I ermsor

Conditions as His Majesty, with the Advice aforesaid, shall think proper.

».'i j, I •

; - c a p. cxi 11.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and

also of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes, from any Foreign Country, in British-bu\h

Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, without Payment of Duty,

t f [ 18th May 1796.J

* \X7rHERF.AS it is expedient to allow the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations in

4 * America, in British-buWt* Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, without

4 Payment of any Duty whatever: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted •* and be

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or

Persons whatsoever, to import into Great Britain in any British-buAi Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated,

and registered according to Law, Arrow Root from the British Plantations in America, without the

Payment of any Duty whatever; any Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-

standing

II. 4 And whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes, from any

4 Country whatever in British-built Ships Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this

Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, to import into Great Britain, in any Bri~

tish Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, Linleed Cakes and Rape Cakes

from any Foreign Country whatever, without the Payment of Duty ; any Act of Parliament to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That a due Entry shall be made of all such Arrow

Root, Linseed Cakes, and Rape Cakes, as shall be imported after the passing of this Act, with the proper

Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the fame shall be imported, and the fame shall be landed ia

the Presence of the proper Officers appointed for that Purpose, in Default whereof the fame shall be forfeited,

and shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs. Pen

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, created and

incurred by this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner,

and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, for-

feited, for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered,

and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be

entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law en-

titled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising

from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Compofltion paid lor any Offence against this Act,as they are now

by Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

\ cap.- cxiv. yj

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of His present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the f amilies of Persons chosen by Lot to

serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes^Jerving therein \ and to explain and

amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, inti-

tuled, 4 An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the La ws relating

4 to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.’—[ibeh May 1796.]

4 ^HEREAS by an^ Act passed in the thirty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Act to

provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Sub

4 stitutes serving therein ; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Tear of

His present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws

relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England it is amongst other Things enact-

, that if the Family of any Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, serving in the Militia when embodied

and called out into actual Service and ordered to march, shall become chargeable to the Parish wherein

such Family shall dwell, and such Substitute shall not serve for the same Parish, it shall be lawful for the

Justice of the Peace who shall make any Order for the Relief of such Family, at the lame Time to direct

k B i 8 4 the

403

whom Certifi-

cates of Rc-

giftry have been

granted by Go-

vt rnors of his

Majesty’s Colo*

nies, to be re-

giftered, Sec.

and

Rape Cakes

from any Coun-

try on the fame

Entry to be

made of Arrow

Root, ice. at

the Port of Im-

portation, on

Penalty of Fortciture.

Penalties may

be sued for, tec,

as for any Of-

fence agJnft

the Law* of

Customs.

33 Geo. III.

Cap- 8.

4C

