5io

C. 24

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

Volunteers may

be removed out

of the County

for which raif-

, to Head

Quarters or

Chatham, and

only Part of

their Bounty to

be paid xill their

Arrival.

If Overseers un-

dertake to de-

liver any Person

raised, at Head

Quarters or

Chatham, they

may pay him

the Remainder

of Bounty.

Parishes deli-

vering Volun-

teers at Head

Quarters or

Chatham, «r on

board Ship, to

receive 4<i. per

■, for the

■, from

the County Re-

ceiver General.

Receipts to be

given the Re-

ceiver General

as his Vouchers,

who shall be re-

imbursed by the

County Trea-

surer.

Per Tons under

18 to lie 5 Feet

3 Inches, and

above 18, 5 Feet

Where the

whole Number

is not raised for

any Pl ce, fur-

ther Time may

be allowed by

the General

Sessions.

Volunteers may

be received on

board Ship from

Overseers, who

may pay them

the Whole of'

Bounties.

County* Riding, or Division, for the Payment of the fame; and which Sum every such Receiver Ge-

neral is hereby required to pay accordingly out of any Public Monies in the Hands of such Receiver

General. w

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Volunteer who, from and after the

passing of this Act, shall be raised for the Army by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parlia-

ment, and entered in any Regiment whose Head Quarters shall not then be within the County, Riding, or

Division, for which such Volunteer shall be engaged to serve, it shall and may be lawful to convey such

Volunteer out of the County, Riding, or Division, where he shall have been raised into any other County,

Riding, or Division, where such Head Quarters shall be, or to Chatham Barracks as the Cafe may require;

and no Part of the Bounty Money for which he engaged to serve, except one third Part thereof allowed

by the said Act to be paid to him at the Time of his Enrolment, and the further Sum of one Guinea,

allowed to be paid to the Officer for his Use for Necessaries by this Act, shall be paid either to him

or to his Use until he shall have arrived at such Head Quarters, or at Chatham Barracks, as the Cafe

may require.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 7'hat if the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or

Parishes, for which any Person already raised, or to be raised, for the Army by the said Act is or shall be

engaged to serve, shall voluntarily undertake to deliver such Person at the Head Quarters of the Regiment

for which such Person is or shall be entered, or at Chatham Barracks, as the Cafe may require, it shall and

may be lawful for them so to do, and to pay to such Person the Whole of the Bounty Money then remain-

ing due to such Person, except such Sums as the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, the Inspector

General of Recruits at Chatham, and the Officers appointed to receive such Men at the Places of Rendez-

vous resptdlively, shall be entitled to receive for the Use of such Person for providing Necessaries, not

exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of four Guineas, including the Sum of one Guinea directed to be

advanced to the Officer at the Time of receiving such Person.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Parish or Parishes which shall cause to be delivered any Volunteer

raised or to be raised for the Army, at the Head Quarters of the Regiment in which he shall be entered, or

at Chatham Barracks as aforesaid, or shall deliver any Volunteer raised or to be raised for the Navy onboard

any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, at such Place and Time as is herein-before mentioned, shall, by Orderof

two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, where such Volunteer shall have been raised,

to be granted on the Certificate of the Commanding Officer at the Head Quarters, or at Chatham Bar-

racks, in respect of Recruits for the Army, and of the Officer having the Command of the Ship, in respe&of

Recruits for the Navy, of such his future Officer having received such Volunteer, be entitled to receive an

Allowance after the Rate of Four-pence for each and every Mile such Volunteer shall be conveyed, from

the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Division, to be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of such

Parish or Parishes, by such Receiver General out of any Public Monies in his Hands: Provided, that

in every Cafe where any Receiver General is by this Act required to pay any Sum of Money out of any

Public Monies, the Person or Persons demanding the fame shall give a Receipt for the fame, which such

Receiver General shall produce as a Voucher for such Payment: Provided also, that every such Receiver

General who shall advance any Monies in put fuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed the fame by and out of

any Monies which shall come into the Hands of the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Division, of the

Fines to be paid by any Parish or Parishes for not raising the Number of Men required to be raised by the

said A£1, and which shall be directed to be paid to such Receiver General by any Justices of the Peace,

in pursuance of the said Act; and if such Receiver General shall not receive sufficient of such Monies, then

the Deficiency shall be allowed to such Receiver General in his Accounts.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, T hat no Person shall be enrolled to serve in the Army, by

virtue of the said Act, who, being under the Age of eighteen Years, shall be under the Height of five

Feet three Inches, or being above the Age of eighteen, shall be under the Height of five Feet four Inches.

4 Inches in Height.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by or for

any Place or Places, shall not be raised, and a Return thereof made to the Justices of the District at a Petty

Sessions, within three Weeks next after Notice of the Order of General Sessions shall have been served, in the

Manner directed by the said Act of the present Session, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices, at such

Sessions, to allow a further Time for that Purpose, not later than the twentieth Day of January one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety seven, and at the End of such further Time to proceed in the Execution

of the said Act, in the Manner they aie directed to proceed at the End of the first Period of three Weeks

aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, lliat if any Volunteer entered to serve in his Majesty’s Navy by virtue

of the said Act of the present Session shall, at the voluntary Request of the Overseers of the Poor of the Pa-

rish or Parishes for which such Volunteer shall be engaged to lerve, be conveyed by the said Overseers on

hoard any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, at such Place, and within such Time, as the Regulating OiBcer

by whom such Volunteers shall be entered, shall direct, by any Order in Writing signed by him, it shall and

may be lawful for the Person taking or having the Command of such Ship to receive such Vo/unteer from

the said Overseers of the Poor; and the said Overseers of the Poor may, in the Presence of the Person taking

the Command of such Ship, pay the Whole of the Bounty Money agreed to be paid, into the Hands of Inch

Volunteer, to his foie Use, every such Volunteer giving a Receipt to the said Overseers, which lbai! be at-

n tcftcO

