28

Rights of the

City of London

C. q.

tricesimo

A.D.

1795

Penalties to he

recovered and

applied as those

for Offences

against the Laws

of Customs.

Limitation of

Actions.

derteral I flue.

Treble Corts.

Act may he al-

tered or repealed

this Setfion.

Commissior.ers

to give a wsitten

Account of their

Proceedings to

the Admiralty.

Pcvfons accused

of Offences pu-

nilhable by Law

to be delivered

over to the Civil

Magi (Irate.

Per; try on Of-

fict r* lor not de-

livering over

such Offenders,

Sec*

minifti or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions to

which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Freemen, Citwens, or Inha-

bitants of the said City, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Act of Parliament, Charter, Usage, or other-

wile howsoever>

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures in-

flidted and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and be

disposed of in such Manner, and by such YVays, Means, and Methods as any Penalties or Forfeitures in-

fiidted, or which may be incurred for any Offence committed against the Laws of Customs may now legally

be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the Officer or Officers concerned in Profecu-

tiens under this Act shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary

Fine or Penalty for any Offence against this Act, as any Officer or Officers is or are now, by any Laws or

Regulations relative to the Customs

XXVIL And be it further enadle

menced against any Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners, for any Thing done by

virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to

such Person or Persons, norafter a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party

or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed ; and every such Action

shall be brought in one of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as

the Cafe may require, and shall be laid in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not else-

where ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fucti Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear so to be done, or if such

Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be

brought without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a

sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontinuanceof his, her,or their

Aotionor Actions, or if a Verdict shall pals against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defend-

ants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, va-

ried, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted

under the Authority of this Act shall

thereunto required by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any three or more of them, during their

carrying on any Proceedings under this Act, and as (bon as pollible after the Determination of such Pro-

ceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, tothefaid

Commissioners of the Admiralty.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person inrolled

in his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act shall be acculed of any Capital Crime,~pr of any Violence or

Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, which is punishable by the

known Laws of the Land, the Officer or Officers having the Command of such Party is and are hereby re-

quired to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate,

and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender,

in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Officer shall wilfully neglect or refute, upon Application

made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding

and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender, every such Officer so offending,

and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire,

Stewartry, or Division where the Fadt is committed, by the Oath of two credible VVitnesses, shall be utterly

disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Ma-

jesty’s Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sections of the Peace for the

Laid County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time

being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be inrolled in his

Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s Service by any Pro-

cess whatever, other than by foine Criminal Process, for some Criminal Matter punishable by the known

Laws of the Land. . Tim

XXXIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Instrument hereby directed to be

made out by such Commissioners for the Discharge of Ships or Vessels from the Requisitions of this Act, and

the Certificates to be given on the Inrohnent of any Man in his Majesty’s Service, in pursuance of this Act

respectively, may be in the Form following; (videlicety)

by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners acting

from Time to Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be

No Person in-

rolled to betaken

out of the Service

but lor a Cri-

minal Matter.

Instruments for

che Discharge of

Vessels from the

Requisitions of

this Act, and

Certificates on the Inrolment of Men, may be in the following Form.

To the Superintending Officer acting for the District of the Port of

' We the underwritten, being of the Commissioners acting for the Port of

4 under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, paflbd in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his pre-

4 sent Majesty, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of the Atl^\ having, in pursuance of the said Act,

raised for his Majesty’s Service the Men herein-after described, being the full Proportion of Men re-

4 quired

