184

C. 103—-log. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

CAP. CIII. '

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or near

Painfhill, in the several Parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wijley% in the County of Surrey, to George

Chamherlaine Esquire, George Bond Esquire, one of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel

Hayes Baronet# of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond

Hopkins E (quire, deceased, of and concerning his Eft ate at Painjhill aforesaid.—[zzd June 1795.]

CAP. CIV. '

An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the

Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ9

Bridewell, and Saint TJjomas the ApoftUy and other the Governors of Chri/fs Hospital, to purchase

Houses and Ground for enlarging ChriJTs Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional

Buildings thereto, and for other Burposes.—[zzd June 1795.J

CAP. CV.

An Act for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River JveU otherwise Yeo, from the Town

of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Epifcopiy in the County of Somerset, and for

making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Lang-

forty in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Pa*rett%

below Great Bow BridgCy in the Townot Langport—[2 2d June 1795-J

CAP. CVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and enlarge, the Powers of so much of

two Acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesiy, for improving and

completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and I (is,from the City of London to the Town of

Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Riverj, from thi Boundary of

the Jurisdiflton of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of

Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the eleventh

and fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the improving

and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of Londony near

Staines, in the County of Middlesex9 to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

f 22d Yune I70C.1

CAP. CVII. - ‘

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds

within the several Parishes of Hepworthy Haxey, Belton, and Owflony in the Isle of Axholmey in the

County of Lincohy and also for making a Compensation for the Tithes arising from the said Commons,

and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes.—[zzd June 1795.]

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for building a Bridge acrcfs the River Severn, near Redftone, in the County of Worcester,

and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the famey and for making Satisfaction to the Pro-

prietors of a Perry across the said River at Redftone aforesaidy and for enabling the Trustees for executing

the said Act to rebuild the said Bridge.— [2 2d June 1795 J

CAP. CIX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An All for granting to His Majesty fe-

deral additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with four Wheels; and for

explaining and amending an A fly passed in the twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as

far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Whecls, therein mentioned, as relates to

the additional Duties upon Coaches with four Wheels used as Stage Coaches; and for

reducing the Duties upon Carriages with less than four Wheels, mostly used in the

Affairs of Husbandry, orfor the Purposes of Trade.—[26th June 1795.]

^9 Geo III. 1 T WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

Cap.49,recited, tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and

Carriages with four Wheels and/or explaining and amending an Acly pajfedin the twenty fifth Year of his

^ > 'prefer*

