162

of the Quantity

entitling to a

Premium-

Commi fit oners

of the Curtoms

niay order I’ay-

ment of the

Premiums*

No Premium to

bc_paid, unlei's

claimed in a li-

mited Time,

Ships permitted

to fail to the

Eait of Good

Hope, &c.

.Restrictions in

their Course.

Ships failing to

the East of

Good Hope,&c.

to takes Li-

cence from the

India Company.

Conditions on

which such Li-

cences are to be

granted.

India Company

pot obliged to

grant Licence to

fail round thtf

Cape of Good

Hope, unless

Bond be given

with certain

Condition i.

C. 92.

tricesimo quinto

795

of the five Ships or Vessels to which other Premiums are also given, in Manner before mentioned, or in anyr

Part of the Atlantic Ocean by the Crew of the eight Ships or Vessels, going round or doubling Cape Hem,

either on the Voyage out or Return home, of any such Ship or Vessel, the Oil or Head Matter produced

from such Whale or Whales, or other Crcaturesfo caught or taken, shall be accounted, and considered, anal

taken to be Part of the Quantity of Oil and Head Matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to

entitle the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to someone of the Premiums herein-before granted/;

provided it shall appear by the Log Book of such Sh:p or Vessel, so kept as aforesaid, that such Ship or Vef-

fcl hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the Fishery, either to the Southward of the

Equator* or to the Southward of thirty-six Degrees of South Latitude, or during the Space ot four Months

to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, as the Cafe may be.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case all and every the several Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions, preferihed and directed by this Act, shall have been observed and fully comr

p||.* J fU if C\-\ n 1 o n/1 «r hn 1 *.i 1 f» a 1 L\r 1 ( » a. miflirtMArC nf Lie l\/1 u ( l 1 (InillC l fl ft Yi'rl.n+o*} /m* o «v

four or

them ^ % V W • f ^ ^ Vr W • W wp ^ ^ V/ • «•! A. * A • * J • J v ^ * 1^ w - » r ^ w ^ ^ ^ • V J

out of any Money in his Hands, arising by any Duties under their Management, to such Person or Persons

as shall be legally entitled thereto, any of the Premiums herein-before granted.

XVII. And be it fuithcr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by virtue of any

Act or Adtsof Parliament for the Lncouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, shall be paid or allowed

to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery,

unless the Premium shall be claimed within two Months from the Time of the Crew being muflered in-

wards, by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and such Claim shall be made in Writing* by Ap-

plication from the Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel, to the Commissioners of his Adajesty’s Cuf*.

toms in England and Scotlatai’ respediiyely, and also, unless it shall, within one Month after such Lime for

making the Claim, be made appeal that the Requiiites of Law have been complied with. "

XV ill. And be it further enacted by the Authority nforefoid, 'That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship

or Vessel, employed in carrying on the said Southern Whale Fishery, to fail and pass for that Purpose to the

Eastward of the Cate of Good Hope, and to the Weftwardof Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Ala-

gellan \ any Law, Usage, or Custom,’ to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIX. Provided always, and be it further dialed, That any Ship or Vessel failing to the Eastward of the

Cape of Good Hope, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the Northward of the Equator, nor

make more than fifty-one Degrees of East Longitude from London ; and that any Ship or Vessel so failing

or passing to the Weft ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan, for the Purpose aforesaid,

shall not, either to the Northward or Southward of the Equator, make more than one hundred and eighty

Degrees of Weft Longitude from London. "STB

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That every Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery,

and intending to fail or pass to the haft ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the Westward of Cape Horny

or through the Streights of Magellan, shall, before (he shall proceed on her Voyage, be obliged to take a Li-

cence for each respective Voyage, from the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Inches, for the Time being, in the Name and under the Seal of the said Com-

pany, specifying which of the said Voyages such Ships shall be licensed to perform, and such Licence

shall be valid an 1 effectual only for the Voyage therein expressed ; and the said Court of Directors shall not

be required to grant any Licence to pass to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope* to more than ten Ships

or Vessels in any one Year or Season, or to grant any Licence to any Ship or Vessel to fail or pass to the

Eastwaid of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the Person or Persons apply ing for, or demanding such Licence,

shall deliver to the said Court of Directors a Manifest or Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or

Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs belonging to the Port or Place from whence such Ship or

Vcllel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the Oath of the Owner or Owners, or the Master of such

Ship or Vessel, taken before and attested by any Magistrate, or other Person authorized by Law to take Af-

fidavits, specifying the Names and Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners, and Master of the said Ship,

and also the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all Goods then on board of such Ship or Vessel, and

of ail Goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of the fame, before her Departure

outwards ; and also unless it shall, by such Manifest or Certificate, appear unto the said Court of Directors,

that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever (save and except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel, and the

Tackle, Materials, and other Things necessary for the Purpose of the Voyage) are taken, or intended to be

a ken, into or on board of such Ship or Vessel.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies*shall not be required or obliged to grant any Licence, for any

Ship or Vessel to fail to or pass within the Limits of their exclusive T radc round the Cape of Good Hope, until the

Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or the major Part of such Owners, if there shall be more than one

Owner, shall have entered into and executed a Bond to the said United Company in the Penalty of two

thousand Pounds, with a Condition to be thereunder written for Payment to the said United Company of

the Sum of one thousand Pounds as a Forfeiture to the Use of the said United Company, over and above the

Forfeitures and Penalties herein-mentioned, in case any Goods or Merchandize whatlbcvcr (other than an*|

except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel, and the Tackle, Materials, and other Things, necessary for the Pur-

pose of the Voyage) shall be taken into or put on board such Ship or Vessel for or upon her Outward Voy-

age; or in case such Ship or Vessel shall have taken on board, in any Part of the Voyage homeward, before

her Arrival in Great Britain, any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of thj?

Ea/i

