A.D. 1795. Anno tricdimo quinto Georg 11 III. C. 118.

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or

other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same; and in case, upon such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts be-

ing put up or offered to Sale, no Pei*son or Persons shall offer or bid for the fame as much or more Money

than the said Duties taken together would amount to, together with such Warehouse Relit, Colts, Charges,

and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Commissioners

respectively to cause such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively to be burnt and destroyed : Provided always

jievcrtheless, that no Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall be sold by the said Commissioners of Customs or Excite,

1 ft pursuance of this Act, until after the Expiration of nine Months next after the Commencement of this

Ad.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

(hallalfitult, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct, or holder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise

in the due Execution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this

Act, or thereafter to be made, relating to Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or of any of the Powers or Authorities

by any such Act or Acts of Parliament given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force

or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts forfeited by any

such Act or Acts of Parliament, refeue or cause to be refeued any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, or shall at-

tempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such

Offence, for which no Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or

Permissionof thcCommissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or

Officers of the Customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Man-

ner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods for-

feited for any Offence against the Lawsof Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered,

and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers of the Customs concerned in any such Seizure or Prosecution

shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they arc now by Law

entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising

from any pecuniary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any

Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures, imposed by this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this

Ad, relating to Coff'ce or Cocoa Nuts, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Com-

missioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be

sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture may be fuedfor, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejhninster^ or in the

Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or For-

feiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who

shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules,

Directions, Regulations, Penalties, .Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in or

by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in an Act made in the

twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging the Growthof

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in his Majestys Islands and Plantations in America, or in and by any Act or Acts of

Parliament therein respectively mentioned or referred unto, or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment relating to Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or either of them, in force immediately before the

Commencement of this Act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, assessing,

raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the

Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of Coff'ce and Cocoa Nuts respectively, or either of them, and

for preventing, deteding, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, (except where the fame respectively arc

repugnant to, or are expressly altered by this Act,) shall be and remain in full Force, to all Intents and

Purposes, and the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, For-

feitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as before excepted,) shall continue to be duly

observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain,

as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules,

Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and 'Filings, had been ex-

pressly inserted and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take

Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no fp.ecial Commencement

is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after such Warehouse or Warehouses shall b: provided

in pursuance of this Act, in or near the Port of London.

211

If ft 1 ffici<?nt to

pay the Duties

and Charge, be

not offered, the

Coff'ce or Cocoa

may be burnt.

Time when

Coffee or Cocoa

may be fold un-

der this Act.

Penalty for ob-

ftrmffing Offi-

cers, or ref-

cuing Coffee,

Sec,

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties sued

for by Officer*

oi Curtoma.

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties sued

for by Officers

of the Excifr.

5 Geo. II. Cap.

24, and

a 3 Geo. IIL

Cap. 79, See.

to ren maiin

force, except

hereby altrrcd.

Commence-

ment of Ad

where none is

provided.

E e x

CAP.

