402

apprehend Of-

fenders without

Summons.

Appeal.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

Double Costs.

Public Act.

His Majesty in

Council may

order Vessels

which have be-

longed to the

Enemy, and to

\ # /

_ ft

C. iii, 112. Anno tricesimo sexto G eorgii III. A.D. 1796.

the Informer, to be taken by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Jaftice

or Justices to issue his or their Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, grounded

upon such Information so made upon Oath, for the Apprehension and bringing of the Person or Persons of-

fending or alleged to have offended against this AS, before him or them, or any Justice or Justices of the

said County there fitting, without any previous Summons being id'utd to the Party so offending, or alleged

to have offended, instead and in lieu of issuing of his or their Summons for his Appearance before him or

them, toanswer the Matters charged by such Information.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person con-

victed of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the

Judgment of the Justice oijustices before whom he or she shall have been conviCted, such Person shall have

Liberty to appeal, at the 1 ime of such Conviction, to the Justices at the then next General Quarter Sef-

ftons of the Peace, which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City* Liberty, Town, or Place

where such Judgment shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall, in such

Cafe, be suspended, the Person foconvidted entering into Recognizance at the 'T ime of such Conviction,

with two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Con-

dition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determina-

tien of the Justices in their said next General Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as the said Justices in

such Sessions shall award on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice and Justices, before whom

such Conviction shall be had, are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the

said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by eitheF Party,

which Decision shall be final* and if upon the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or

Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall imme-

diately pay such Costs as the Justices in the said General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid, for de-

fraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal, and shall be committed by

the said Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, as

shall be mentioned in such Conviction, for the Space of two Calendar Months, or any less Time mentioned

in such Conviction, without Bail or Mainprize, and until the Payment of such Costs.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Adtionor Suit shall be brought or

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of this Act, or for any Cause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, such Action or Suit shall be

commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the

proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and

give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass

for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or

their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or

otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, orj them

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. # ^ ■'

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and be

judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without the

fame being specially pleaded. 7f

4 J

CAP. CXII.

An Act for authorizing His Majesty to order the registering, and the granting Certificates

of Registry, to certain Ships and VefTds, the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, which

had belonged to, or been in Possession of, the Enemy, and concerning which Doubts

have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to theexisting Laws in

that Behalf.—[ 18th May 1796.J

4 XT/HEREAS in certain Cafes the Governors of His Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, and

T erritories, have granted Certificates of Registry of Ships and Vessels, which had belonged to, or

4 been in Possession of, the Enemy, concerning which Doubts have arisen whether such Ships and Vessels

4 are entitled to be registered according to Law: And whereas, in some Cafes, under such Circumstances,

the Property of such Ships and Vessels have been transferred bona fide to certain of his Majesty’s Subjects,

4 who, under the Protection thereof, now use and employ such Ships and Vessels: And whereas it is highly

4 just and expedient, that His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, should be authorized

4 to grant Relief in such Cafes where no Fraud and Collusion shall appear to have been practised:* Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to or-

der any such Ship or Vessel, which shall have fallen under the Circumstances before mentioned, since the

Commencement of the present War, and previous to the passing of this present Act, to be registered, and

have a Certificate thereof, as nearly, according to the Form and Manner prescribed and directed by an Aci?

passed in the twenty-furth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further increate

