8o

C. 34. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

P^fh Officers,

to be paid acs.

for every Man

.entered, and

Parishes where

Men have

gained Settle-

ments a Sum

on Account of

their Wives

and Families

becoming

chargeable, and

the Officer 6d.

per Diem while

Men are in

Custody.

Allowances, in

case of Dispute,

to be settled by

the Justices.

Justices may

allot Part of

Allowances to

High Con-

ftables.

Clerks to be re-

warded as the

Treasury shall

dtfedt.

Parish Officers

not to be al-

lowed Expences

in keeping Per-

fbns discharged

as not within

the Descriptions

of this Act} but

for such as are

rejected by the

Regulating

Officer, to be

paid 6d. per

Diem.

Officer to spe-

cify his Objec-

tiens to Men,

&c. and to

transmit to the

his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflfors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or

iue for the fame in one of the Courts of Record at Westminster, of Great Sections in IVules, or the Court of

Exchequer in Scotland. # >,1- SJj

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Officers who shall receive

Men entered into his Majesty's Service, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, shall pay to ^ny Person

appointed by the Juffiices or Magistrates aforesaid to receive the same, for the Use of the Officers of the

parish or Town lo employed in the railing such Men, for their Pains and Services therein, twenty Shillings

of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man so entered, and (lull also pay for every such Man who

shall have a Wife or Family any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful

Money of Great Britain, to be paid over, as is herein-after directed, into the Hands of the Churchwardens

s>r Overlcers of the Poor, for the Benefit of such Parish or Township in which such Man shall have gained a

Settlement, and whose Wife or Famil^may become chargeable to such Parish or Township respectively,

which Sum shall be settled by the major Part of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid present at the Meeting

when such Person shall be entered, Regard being had to the Number of Children, or other particular Cir-

cumstances of such Person so entered, and shall also pay the Sum of six Pence per Diem for keeping every

such Man who shall be so delivered as aforesaid, according to the Number of Days that the Officers of

the said Parish or Town shall have kept him in Custody, pursuant to the Powers granted by this Act, until

such Delivery, and which Sum of six Pence per Diem shall be deduded out of the Pay of such Man; the

said Allowance of twenty Shillings, and of lix Pence per Dicmy in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and

distributed to and amongst the Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmcn, and

such other Parish and Town Officers, or any of them, according to the Judgment and Difcrciion of the

Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, or the major Part of them then present; for all which Payments Receipts

shall be given to such Officer by the Person receiving the fame, but which Receipt shall not be chargeable

with any Stamp Duty.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices or

Magistrates aforesaid, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the

said Sum of twenty Shillings herein-before directed to be paid for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or

Town so employed in the raising of such Men, to allot and order such Sum as they shall think fit to the

respective High Constables, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, for their Pains and Service in

the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks of the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid,

provided the said Copies or Duplicates be truly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty as aforesaid, shall

have and receive, by the Hands of the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, over and above the Sums herein-

before directed to be paid, such Rewards as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, upon

Consideration of the Numbers of Men entered in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires,

Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Cinque Ports, Liberties, or Places, by virtue of this Act, and the

Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, shall judge the said Clerks severally and respectively

to deserve. # . »

XIX. And, for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence of

those Persons who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this Act, may afterwards be dif-

charged upon Examination before the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and Officers, be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being judged by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid not to be

within any of the Descriptions of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town

shall be entitled to no Consideration for their Expences in keeping such Person; and if any Person, being

judged by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid to be within the Description of this Act, shall be rejected by

the Regulating Officer, such Officer shall pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town six Pence per Diem for

the whole l ime that they shall have kept such Person; and every Officer who shall object to any Person

delivered to him by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, shall specify his Objection to such Person, whether

it be to his Age or bodily Disability, and the Grounds of such Objection shall be forthwith (as far as may

be) enquired into by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid, and they shall proceed accordingly; and every

Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Pei foil delivered to him by the Justices or Magistrates aforesaid as

fit to serve his Majesty, within the Description of this Act, shall, without Delay, transmit to the Secretary

of the Admiralty his Reasons for such Refusal or Discharge in Writing, signed by himself.

Admiralty Reasons for Refulal.

Commence-

ment of Men’s

Pay.

Men entered

not to be taken

our of the Ser-

vice but for a

criminal Matter.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pay of every such Man so delivered

to the Officers or Persons appointed to receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his

being taken and secured as aforesaid, deduding such Sums of Money thereout as shall be paid by virtue of

this Act for his Subsistence; and no Person so entered, in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to be taken

out of his Majesty’s Service by any Process, other than by some criminal Process, for some criminal

Matter punishable by the known Laws of the Land.

Penalty for ob-

strufting the

Execution of

this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall wilfully do any Ad or Thing, whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking, and

securing, such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindred or frustrated, every such Person shall, for every

filth Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, one

Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, and the other Moiety thereof to the

... 4 ' Ule

