756

C.43.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

ith the add!

tionalDuty, $:

and for every

Bushel imported

from Scotland

into England,

that has paid the

Duty now pay-

able on such Im-

portation, 5s.

The additional

Duty to be al-

lowed on Exportation

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be fold, delivered, or sent out of

orfrom any Cellar,' Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, in which the fame shall have been put before

the Duty now payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall not have been charged with the addi-

tional Duty by this Act granted, there shall be charged the Sum of five Shillings, and after the fame Rate for

any greater or less Quantity: 1 , ’

For every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt, which, from and after the thirtieth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have been or shall be imported from Scotland into England, accom-

panied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty now payable on Salt imported

from Scotland to England, and which shall nor have been charged with the additional Duty hereby granted,

there shall be charged the Sum of five Shillings, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less

Quantity: '; . U Vvft Tyrwrfi

And that a Drawback of the additional Duty be allowed upon the Exportation of all Salt made in Great

Britain.

Duties and

Drawbacks to

be paid and al-

lowed as the

present Duties.

Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

of Excise on

Salt.

The additional

Duty to be add-

on Contracts,

made before

April 30, 1798,

for Salt to be

delivered after

that Day.

Which said several and respective additional Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted, and Drawbacks hereby

allowed, shall and may from Time to Time be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, fe-

cured, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by such Ways and Means, and under such

Management, and subject to such Penalties and forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and miti-

gating Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, Repayments, Rules, Regulations, and

Directions, in all Respects, (not otherwise directed by this Act,) as the present Duties on Salt arc or can,

by any Law or Statute now in Force, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and

paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several and respective

Powers, Authorities, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Powers of Recovery, and Mitigation of

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Allowances, Repayments, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of

Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Duties

of Excise upon Salt in England for the Time being; and such ^thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise upon Salt in«Scot-

land for the Time being.

III. c And whereas Contradts or Agreements may have been made before the said thirtieth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by Importers and Dealers in foreign Salt, and determined by Makers

C I 1m CoU im t — A? I /\r li ir»k VnU rofr^oAti ifpl ff dull t f aL

c of or Dealers in Salt, in Great Britain, for such Salt respectively to be delivered after the said thirtieth Day

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ;* be it therefore enacted, That such Importers or

Dealers, and such Makers or Dealers respectively delivering such Salt after the said thirtieth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of such Contradts, shall be allowed to add so

m « *11 V' *1 I nkl 1 1 A A ^ 1 k 9j , - m

much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties, by this Act imposed and paid for or in respect of

such Salt respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for

Duties to be

paid into the

Exchequer.

Application of

Duties.

the fame. T

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the ne-

ceflary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall from l ime to Time be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at TVeftminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Ex-

chequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund,.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said addi-

tional Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose

of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by such Part of any Loan made, or Stock created or to be

created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, as shall not exceed

the Sum of seven Millions; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing,

be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other

Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of

the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from

the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any

other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such Part of such

increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his

Afi may be al-

tered or repeated

thit Session,

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any AccounMyhatever.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof* or the Duties hereby

granted, or any Part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this

present Session of Parliament.

CAP.

