667

A.D. 1797. Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 136.

{landing the Penalties thereupon may have accumulated to a larger Sum than the said Sum often Pounds;

and every InArument, Matter, or Thing engrafted, printed, or written on any Vellum, Parchment, or Pa-

per so stamped as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed of the like Force and Validity in the Law, as if the

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so stamped, had been duly llamped before such Inftrament, Matter, or

Thing had been engrofl', printed, or written thereon; any former Law to the contrary not with Aanding-

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Cafe where it shall appear to the Commis-

sioners of Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation, to be made before any one or more of the said Commis-

sioners of Stamp Duties, (which Oath or Affirmation he is hereby authorized to administer,) or otherwise,

to their Satisfaction, that any InArument whatever required by Law to be engrossed, printed, or written, on

{tamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, hath not been engrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parch-

ment, or Paper, duly stamped as aforesaid, either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity,

or unavoidable Circumstances, and without any Intention in any Party or Parties thereto, to defraud his Ma-

jesty of the Duties payable thereon, and such InArument shall be brought to the said Commissioners to be

stamped as aforesaid within sixty Days after the making or Execution thereof, it shall be lawful for such Com-

missioners of Stamp Duties to remit the Penalty payable on damping such Instrument, or any Part thereof,

as they shall deem expedient; and every Person concerned in cngrolfing, printing, or writing any such In-

Arument, or in making or executing the fame, shall be and is hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified

from ali further Penalties and Forfeitures, than such Penalties or Forfeitures or such Parts thereof as shall not

be so remitted by Order of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

IV. And whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties have not been able to supply the

4 different Parts of the Kingdom with sufficient Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped with

4 *he additional Duties granted by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, before the Period appointed

for the Commencement of the said Duties, and several Persons have necessiirily'used InAruments without

such Stamps;’ be it further enacted, 1'hat it shall be lawful for any Person or Pejfons who shall have used,

or shall, at any T ime before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, use any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such additional Duty is imposed, and which shall

be duly damped in the Manner required by the Laws in Force on and immediately before the passing of the

said Act, to bring or fend the fame to the said Head Office at any Time before the firA Day oi November,

in order that the fame may be stamped as aforesaid, on Payment of the additional Duty granted by the said

Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their Officers appointed for such

Purpose, to Aamp the fame, on Payment of the said additional Duty only, without any Penalty; and ail

and every Person and Persons concerned in engrossing, printing, or writing any Matter or Thing on such

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as aforesaid, or in uling the fjme in Manner aforesaid, shall be and is and

arc hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and againA all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to

be incurred thereby before the Aamping the fame in Manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-firA Year of the Reign of his present MajcAy, inti-

4 tuled. An At1 for repealing the Duties new charged on Bills of Exchange, Promiffry Notes, and other Notes,

4 Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ certain Stamp Duties

4 were imposed on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes respectively; and it was thereby

4 enabled, that all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, before any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other

4 Note, liable to any Stamp Duty by the said Act imposed, should be engrossed, printed, or written there-

4 on, should be brought to the Head Office for Aamping such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and that it

4 should not be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Aonped Vellum, Parchment, and

4 Paper, or their Officers, to (lamp any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at any Time after any Bill of Ex-

4 change, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, should be written thereon, under any Pretence

4 whatsoever :* Be it further enacted, T hat it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall

be the Holder or Holders of any Bill of Exchange, Promillory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, made

after the passing of this Act, and liable to any Stamp Duty by virtue of the said recited Act, which shall be

Aamped with a Stamp of a different Denomination than is required by the said Act, if the fame shall be of

equal or superior Value to the Stamp required, to produce the lame, or caule the fame to be produced,

within the respective Limes hereinafter mentioned, to the Com nissioners appointed to manage the said Du-

ties, at the Head Office of Stamps in Middlesex, or to such Officer or Officers as the said Commissioners, or

the major Part of them, shall, by Writing unJer their Hands, appoint for such Purpose; and it shall and

may be lawful for such Commissioners to direct the proper Officer or Officers, and such Officer or Officers

is and are he^by required, upon Payment of the Duty payable on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by

the said Fccited Act, and such Penalty as is hereinafter mentioned, over and above the said Duty, to mark or

Aamp such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, with the proper Mark or

Stamp, and to give a Receipt for the Duty and Penalty so paid on the Back of such Bill of Exchange, Pro-

miflory Note, or other Note, Draft, cr Order, so stamped; and every such Bill of Exchange, Promissory

Note, or olhtr Note, Draft, or Order, so Aamped, shall have and he deemed of the like Force and Validity

in the Law* as if the fame had been duly stamped according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and

all and every Pei Ion or Persons procuring such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or

Order, to be Aamped as directed by this Act, ihali be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dif-

charged from and agafnft ail Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Bill of Exchange, Promis-

forv Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, not having been duly stamped according to the Directions of

the said Act.

If Instrunioiik.

rot duly

without Inten-

tien of Fraud,

he brought to be

so stampt with

in 60 Days after

Execution, the

Commissioners

may remit the

Penalty, fee.

The additional

Duties impefid

by 37 Geo. 3.

C. 90. may

be flampt on

Paichment, &c.

used before

Sept. 29,1797,

wmch IhaJJ be

broug.it to the

Head Office be-

fore Nov. 1, on

Payment of

Duty.

m 4# m

31 Geo. 3. c.*5,

recited.

Bills of Ex-

change, &c.

made after pair-

ing this Act,

liable to Stamp

Duty under re-

cited Act, if on

Stamps of an

equal or fupc-

nor Value,

though ot dif.

ferent Denomi-

nations than the

legal Stamps,

may be proper-

ly stampt, on

Payment of the

Duty, and a

Penalty.

