A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 50.

767

jessy's Domi-

nions.

Aliens to leave

the Kingdom

immediately on

obtaining their

Paflporisi

No Alien ar-

riving after pa fif-

ing tins ACt to

depart from the

Place of Arrival,

but for certain

after patting th's

At! every r'er-

son, nor keeping

a public Inn,

who /hall re-

ceive an Alien

to lo.lgefor

ir.ore than 48

produce tys Li-

cence, Sec. and

/hail, within

two Days, de-

liver a Copy

thereof to the

Overseers of the

Poor, Sec. on

Penalty of rod.;

Half to the In-

former and Half

to the Poor.

therefrom by Order of any of his Majesty’s Courts in Westminster Hall>or of the Court of Session in Scotland>

or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation Time. . ‘

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Alien, who shall have obtained a Passport to leave

this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall not proceed with due Diligence to leave this Kingdom accord-

ing to such Passport, such Alien thall be liable to all such Penalties as he or file would have been subject to if

no such Passport had been granted., ;

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Alien, who shall arrive in this Kingdom after the passing of this

Act, shall depart from the Place in which he or she shall have so arrived, except for the Purpose of making

such Declaration, or obtaining such Passport as by the said Act of the third Year of his Majesty’s Reign

are required to be obtained by such Alien, or for the Purpose of delivering such Account, and obtaining such

Licence as hereinbefore mentioned, until such Alien shall also have obtained such Licence to reside in this

Kingdom, as hereinbefore mentioned. > # Purposes, until he has obtained a Licence. *$3*8

XII. And be it further enacted, -That from and after the End of one Week after the passing of this Act, a Week

every Person, not keeping a public Inn for Reception of Guests, and licensed to fell Ale or Spirituous Li-

quors by Retail, who shall receive into his or her House or Apartment, for the Purpose of lodging or re-

nding therein, for more than forty-eight Hours, any Alien, who ought to procure a Licence to reside in this

Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, shall require such Alien to produce such Licence, or an Allowance of

Time to obtain such Licence, or a Palfport for such Alien to leave this Kingdom, and to deliver a Copy of

such Licence, Allowance of Time, or Passport, before such Person shall receive such Alien into his or her

House or Apartment to lodge or reside therein for more than forty-eight Hours, and shall, within two Days’ hours'

after such Alien shall have come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment, deliver such Copy of such quire him to

Licence, or of such Allowance of further l ime to obtain a Licence or Palfport, to the Overseers or Over-

seer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where such House or Apartment shall be situate in Eng-

land\ and to the Schoolmaster of the Parish or Place in Scotland, with a Notice, that the Alien named therein

did come to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment, ona Day in such Notice to be specified, which shall

be the very Day on which such Alien actually came to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment*; and

if any Person shall knowingly receive into his or her House or Apartment, to lodge or reside therein as afore-

laid, any such Alien not producing such Licence, or Allowance of Time to obtain a Licence or Passport,

or not delivering a Copy thereof as aforesaid, or shall neglect to deliver such Copy, with such Notice as

aforesaid written thereon, to such Overseers or Overseer, or Schoolmaster as aforesaid, within the Time

aforesaid; every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred’Pounds, one Moiety

whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place

where such House or Apartment shall be situate. '

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, not keeping a public Inn for Reception of

Guests, and licensed to fell Ale or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, who shall, at the Expiration of one Week

after the passing of this Act, have any Alien lodging or residing in his or her House or Apartment, shall,

within ten Days after the passing of this Act, deliver to the Overseers or Overseer of the Poor of the Parish,

Township, or Place, where such House or Apartment shall be situate in England^ and to the Schoolmaster

of the Parish or Place in Scotland, a Notice in Writing, describing such Alien by his or her Name, and spe-

cifying the Time When such Alien first: came to lodge or reside in such House or Apartment; and if any

Person shall knowingly have received in his or her House or Apartment any such Alien, not having given

Notice thereof as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the

Sum of one hundred Poinds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the

Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such House or Apartment shall be situate.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That true Copies of all such Notices which shall be so delivered to such

Overseers or Overseer, or Schoolmaster, as aforesaid, shall by them or him be transmitted four Times in

every Year, (that is to say,) on the first Day of July, the first Day of September, the first Day of Decem-

ber., and the first Day of March, in each Year, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County. Riding, Stcw-

artry. City, or Place, in which such House or Apartment shall be situate, and the fame shall be laid by such

Clerk of the Peace before the Justices of the Peace, at their next Quarterly Sessions of the Peace for such

County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, and shall by them be certified to one of his Majesty’s Principal

Secretaries of State; and such Justices shall from Time to Time make, at their Quarterly Sessions, such

Order or Orders in the Premises, as may be necessary for the due Observance and Execution of the several

Provisions herein contained, by the said Overseers, Schoolmaster, and Clerk of the Peace rc-

Ipeclively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or for any

Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, 7'own, or Place, within this Kingdom,

from and after the passing of this Act, to require any Alien, not exempted from the Provisions of this Act,

to exhibit to such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, his or her Licence to reside in this Kingdom, or Allow-

alice of Time to procure a Licence or Passport to leave this Kingdom, which such Alien is hereby required

to produce accordingly; and in Default thereof, or in case it shall appear that such Alien has not complied

with the Terms of such Licence or Allowance, or has not proceeded with due Diligence to leave this

JGngdom, according to such Passport, such Mayor, Magjflrate, or Justice, may commit such Alien to the

I Common

And every such

Person who /hall

have any Alien

lodging with

him shall, with-

in 10 Days after

patting this A&,

deliver a Notice

to thcOvcrffers,

Sec. describing

the Alien by his

Nar.iAc. un-

der a like Pe-

nalty.

Copies of such

Notices to be

transmitted to

the Clerks of the

Peace to Le laid

before the

Quart erSessions,

and by them

certified to a

Secretary of

State.

Magi ft rates may

require Aliens

to produoe Li-

cences, Sec. and

may commit

them in Default

thereof, or for

net having com-

plied with the

Terms, & c.

