928 C.xlvii—liii. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III, A.D. 1798.

C. 117.

Cap. xlvii. g

An Act for amending and enlarging die Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty *, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation

Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with

the River Trenty at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln; and also a Collateral Cut from the said

Canal, to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.—[ift "June 1798.]

Cap. xlviii. I W W

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon Alconbury Htlly to Wansford Bridge \ and

from Norman Cross to the South End of Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon \ and for

repealing certain Acts relating thereto —[ift June 1798.]

[The former Acts are all repealed, and the Debts contracted on the Credit thereof secured by this Act.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

. liament, the Term, and amend the Powers, of three Acts passed in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth

Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wan ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town

of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town

of Bourn, in the said County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stanford Bridge to Scotgate, both

in Stanford aforesaid.—[ift June 1798.}

’; 1 - Cap. 1* t , f . ” z f\ t\f

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeemh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the eighteen Mile

Stone, beyond If^illoughby Hedgey through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through

Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge afore-

said, to the Weft End of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from JVincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn

Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset;

and also for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating therewith.

[lit June 1798.]

Cap. li.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road

leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in

the said County.—[ ift June 1798.} \ j:

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing for twenty* one Years, and from thence to the End of the-then next Session of Par-

liament, the Term of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads from

Bauutry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act.

[ift >*1798.]

~ V- Cap. liii. & *b y>Uv;yli i

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seven-

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the

- Maypole in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town or Brigbthelm/loney and from

Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourney and from thence for the Distance

of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twinehamy and from the Marie Pit near the

Bottom of Saddltfcomb Hilly in the Parish of Newtimbery to the Marie Pit fronting Nezutimber Broad

Lane% in the same Parish, in the County of Suffe#\ and also for repairing and widening the Road from

the End of the two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twinel)amy unto Herring's Clappers,

in the Paiilh of Twinehamy in the said County.—[1 kjunc 1798.] ns. n i '* ’C '

1 rraj

