520

Receipt of At-

tornies appoint-

by the Com

missioners, a

sufficient Dif-

charge.

Attornies to

give Security,

and become

liable as Ac-

countants.

Commi (Ti oners

-Co have the fame

Powers as under

the A& 35 Geo.

IJ1. Cap. 127.

Sureties satisfy-

ing Loan to

have the fame

Remedies x

against the

Principals or

Co-sureties as

under the A&

35 Geo. III.

Cap. 127. and

Mortgages

taken by the

Commi iTioners

to remain as

Securities for

Reinlburfement

of such Sureties.

Obligations

taken by the

Commi flioners,

Ac. not liable to

£tamp Duties.

C. 27, 28. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

of Money to be recovered under the Proceedings authorized by the said recited Adf, in Default of Payment,

are theieby directed to be paid and applied ; and the Receipt of such Persons or Person as the said Commit*

sioners, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, as their Attornies or Attorney, in the

said Islands, or in Great Britain, shall alone be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Mortgagees or Pur-

chafers, or Mortgagee or Purchaser, for the Monies or Money advanced on Mortgage, or for the Pur-

chafe Monies or Purchase Money of the respective Premises, so mortgaged or fold; and such Mortgagees

or Purchasers, or Mortgagee or Purchaser, shall not be bound to fee to the Application thereof, nor shall be

liable, or in any Manner accountable, for the Misapplication or Non-application of such Monies or Money

by the Attornies or Agents of the said Commissioners, or any of them ; and the Attornies or Agents, foto

be appointed as aforesaid, shall give Security, by Obligations to his Majesty, with such Sureties as the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall approve, duly to account to the said Commissioners for,

and to pay to the Ca(hiers of the Bank of England, when and as the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall direct or appoint, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall recover or receive, un-

der or by virtue of such Appointments, after deducing all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall or

may be incurred in the Recovery thereof, and the Commission or Compensation to be paid or allowed to

such Attornies or Agents for their Trouble ; which Costs, Charges, Expences, Commission, or Comj^enfa-

tien, shall be examined and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in such Man-

ner, and to such Extent as they, in their Discretion, shall think fit; and the said Attornies or Agents, to be

appointed as aforesaid, shall alone be Accountants to his Majesty for such Sum and Sums of Money as they

shall recover-under or by virtue of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Autho-

rities, with respect-to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, (either for the Enlargement or Exten-

fion of the Times of Repayment of any Loan already advanced, or for any Loan to be advanced under the

Authority of this Act,) and the Sureties and Securities tendered by such Parties respectively, and shall have

all such Remedies for the P-urpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already

made, the Times of Repayment of which shall or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of this Act,

or of any Loans or Advances to be originally made under the Authority of the same, as are given to the said

Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Act, in respect of any Persons applying for Relief under the

fame, and the Sureties and Securities tendered by them, or in respect of any Default in Repayment of the

Loan authorized by the fame Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person consenting to remain Sureties or Surety for

any Parties or Party to whom such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of Loans ad-

vanced to them as herein-before mentioned shall be allowed, or becoming Sureties or Surety for any Person

or Persons to whom any such Loan shall be originally made by the Authority of this Act, their or his Execu-

tors or Administrators, shall pay or satisfy such Loan, or any Part thereof, or the Interest thereof, or any

Costs or Charges incurred in recovering or compelling Payment of such Loan, or any Part thereof, such

Sureties or Surety shall have all such Remedies as against their or his Principals or Principal, and their or his

Co-sureties or Co-surety, (if any,) as are provided by the said recited Act, for the Benefit of the Sureties of

the Persons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the said Act: And, moreover, all and every such

Mortgages or Mortgage as shall be accepted or taken by the said Commissioners, under the Authority

herein-before given to them for that Purpose, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance to be made

under the Authority of this Act, shall stand and remain as Securities or a Security for the Reimbursement

to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the Whole of any Sum or Sums of

Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be enforced and ren-

dered available, by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like Manner, 3nd with the fame

Force and Effect, as is herein-before provided, for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums

of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners, upon the Security of such Mortgage

or Mortgages under and by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty taken by the said Commissioners

under this Act, nor any Consent signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes herein-before mentioned,

nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, as a Security for the Re*

payment of the Amount of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition,

or Receipt, taken or made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

cap. xxviii. tit

An Act to remove Doubts respecting Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England for Payment of Sums of Money under Five Pounds.

[3d March 1797*J

4 TT 7HI?REAS it is expedient for the Publick Service, and for the Convenience of Commercial Circu-

4 VV lation, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England should issue Promissory Notes,

4 payable to Bearer, for Sums of Money under five Pounds f now, to avoid any Doubt concerning tbc

Validity thereof, be it enacted by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority

