5^2 C. 98. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1797.

Every Monday

a Returst to be

made, to the Lord

Mayor, by the

Meal Weighers,

of Wheat enter-

as aforesaid

for the Week

next but or.e

preceding such

Monday,

Form of the

Meal Weigher’s

Returns of

Wheat.

II. And be it further enacted, That weekly and every Week, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon

of every Monday\ a correct Return or Account of Wheat, which shall have been so entered and made in the

said Book as aforesaid, for the Week next but one preceding such Monday, shall be prepared in Writing, ac-

cording to the Form next hereinafter following, and certified on Oath, and delivered to the Mayor of the

City of London, or left at the Cocket Office in the Mansion House in the said City, with the proper Officer

there, by the Meal Weighers of the said City of London, or by such other Personsas the Court of Mayor and

Aldermen of the said City shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, and shall also, before Three of the

Clock in the Afternoon on every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such Meal Weighers, or other Persons

to be appointed as aforesaid, in Writing under their Hands, in some Book to be for that Purpose provided by

the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and kept at the T own Clerk’s Office in

the said City ; and that every such Return, with the said Additions thereto, so to be prepared and delivered,

or left as aforesaid, (halt be in the following Form, or to the like Effect; '(that is to say,)

A correct RETURN from the Corn Meter’s Office, of the Quantity of Wheat worked by the Sworn

Corn Meters of the City of London, from Monday to Saturday following*

both inclusive. : . j ' - gi/

Pay of the 1 Month. Seller’s Name. Buyer’s Name. Quantities of Wheat. 9- Lighterman’s Name, or to whom delivered.

- ^ # # \

Com Factors,

lec, to deliver,

on Demand,

true Accounts

in Writing, of

the Quantities

and Prices, &c.

of the Wheat

fold and deli-

vered by them

respectively.

A Return to be

made by the

Meal Weighers

every Monday,

of the Quanti-

ties and Prices

of all such

Wheat as shall

be mentioned in

the said Ac-

counts, for the

Week next but

one preceding,

and the Aver-

age Price thereof.

III. And be it also enabled, That each and every Com Fadlor and other Person, who is or hereafter shall

be a Seller of Wheat within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or the Weekly* Bills of Mortality, or

within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, upon

Demand, weekly, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Friday, to the said Meal Weighers,

or other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, a true Account in Writing, signed by himself,

or his known Agent, specifying, according to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, the Quantities and Prices

of all the Wheat fold and delivered by or for him from the Monday to the Saturday, both inclusive, in the

Week next preceding such Friday, with the Names and Occupations of the respective Buyers, and the appa-

relit Purposes for which the Wheat shall have been fold.

IV. And be it further enacted, T hat weekly, before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Mon-

day, a general Return or Account of the Quantities and Prices of all such Wheat as shall have been fold and

delivered as aforesaid, whhin the said City and Liberties and Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the

Royal Exchange, in the Course of the preceding Week but one, and mentioned in the said Accounts, toge-

ther with the Average Price of such Wheat, shall be prepared from and by Means of the fame Accounts, and

in such Manner and Form as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time direct, by

the Meal Weighers of the City of London, or by such other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Aider-

men shall from Time to Time appoint; and shall also, before Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of

every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such Meal Weighers, or other Persons to be appointed as

aforesaid, in Writing under their Hands, in some Book to be for that Purpose provided by the Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, and kept at the Town Clerk’s Office in the

said City. - -

Com Factors,

&c. to take the

Oath, or make

the Affirmation

fallowing.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Corn Fadlor or other Person, from whom any such Ac-

count of Wheat, as last before mentioned, is by this Act required and directed to be delivered to the

said Meal Weighers, or other Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, within one Calendar Month next

after the paflinj* of this Act, or within one Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal by Com-

mission in the bale of Wheat, take the following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm,

as hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) '

- Bl flvl A*d%

