A.D. 1795* ving Annoying tricesimo quinto Georg 11 III. C. 31.

or may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and

if upon the Trial a VerdidI shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become

nonsuited, then such Defendant (Jr Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

cap. xxxi.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the

Reign of His prefmt Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or

Yawls of any Built whatever; for amending an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year

of the Reign of His prefenc Majesty, more effcSually to secure the Performance of

Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs ; for

amending an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect tootle bringing and

landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom •, and for authorizing the Commissioners of

Excise at Edinburgh to grant Licences to ManufaSurers and Dealers in Tobacco and

Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh.

' [28th April 1795.J

4 WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual an At7,

c VV made in the twenty fourth Tear of the RMgn of his present Majesty, 44for the more effectual Pre-

4 vent ion of Smuggling in this Kingdom it is enabled, That every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry,

1 Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty’s SubjcSs, of the Built in the

4 laid recited Act particularly described, which (liould be found or discovered to have been within the Limits

4 of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within the Distance of four Leagues from the Coast thereof, or

4 within the Distance therein particularly specified, should be forfeited, together with all the Goods la<jen

4 thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture : And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the

4 said AS should be extended to every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the

4 Whole or in Part to his Majesty’s Subjects, of any Built whatsoever:’ Be it therefore enaSed by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 7’em-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

Provisions of the said AS shall extend, and are hereby declared to extend, to every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop,

Wherry, Smack, or Yawl, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty’s Subjects, of any Built

whatsoever the fame may be.

II. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine; and for amending several Laws

4 relating to the Revenue of Customs \ the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs and Excise in England

4 for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in

4 Scotland ior the Time being, or any three or more of them, are authorized and required respeSively, out

4 of any Monies in their Hands arising from his Majesty’s Share of Seizures, to reward any Officer or

4 Officers of the Customs and Excise who shall seize any Vessel or Boat which by Law shall be liable to be

4 broken up after Condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majesty’s Service, in the Manner in the said

4 AS mentioned : And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland should be

4 authorized and required to reward Officers of Excise in Scotland making Seizure of Vessels or Boats in

4 like Manner Be it therefore enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby autho-

rized and required, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from his Majesty’s Share of Seizures, to

reward any Officer or Officers of Excise in Scotland who shall seize any Vessel or Boat which by Law shall

be liable to be broken up after Condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majesty’s Service, in such

Manner and Form, and to the fame Extent, and with the like Sums of Money, as in and by the said recited

Act are provided, authorized, and required to be done by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Excise in

En?bnd*

III. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prices, with respect to the bringing and landing certain

4 Prize Goods in this Kingdom \ it is among other Things enacted, That any Prize Goods which should be

4 received into any Warehouse in pursuance of the said A61, or which were then remaining in any Ware-

4 house in this Kingdom where they had been secured under the King’s Locks by the Permission of the

4 Commissioners of the Customs, should and might, upon Payment of the respective Duties before directed

4 by the Lid Act, be exported at any Time directly from thence, either by the Captors or their Agents, or

4 by any other Person or Persons, without paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the fame, the

4 Pei fen or Persons exporting the fame giving sufficient Security in Double the Value of the Goods tefore

4 tae Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse that the fame should be really and truly exported, and not

4 brought back again or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

4 Sark, or Many or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port

4 from whence the fame were intended to be exported was thereby required and authorized to take in his

4 Majesty’&Name and to his Majesty’s Use: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Security directed to

La ^ 4 be

75

General Issue.

Treble Cost^

34 Geo. III.

Cap. 50, re-

cited.

Provisions of

recited Act to

extend to Cut-

ters, Sec of

any Built.

a8 Geo. III.

Cap. 34, re-

cited.

Commissioners

01 Excise-in

Scotland may

reward their

Officers as the

Commissioners

of Excise in

England are

authorized by

last recitid Act.

33 Geo. III.

Cap. 34, re-

cited ;

