A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Gi o r g i i III*

C» 54*

\

781

t. ri

OATH 'for Beer exported by any other Person.

4 t A. B. do (wear, That, to the best of mv Knowledge, and Belief, the above-mentioned

4 Barrels of Strong Beer were put oil fcjpartl the’Ship or Vefiel above-named, and exported

M M n » U J 1 rw A f n 4 n U A I U L A m 1 I,) 4 1% C f ^1% V O T 7 i A A ^ 1 4 L 4 1

therein as

Merchandize to be (pent beyond the Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship’s Use; and that, by the Of-

4 ficer’s Certificate* it appears the said Beer was brewed by *.«, of Common Brewer, and-the

4 Excise Duty charged on the feme as Strong Beer. < So help me GOD.’

M 1 y>M ' «# ▼ ».# M/1# f li Tv . # i J # f m J U P# 41 f J 1 *» 1 ^4 jf 4 O m ^fTT a w

V. And whereas the-Laws nowin force relatinguto the Exportation of Cyder, in order to obtain the’

4 Drawback by Law allowed on the Exportation of such Cyder, are not sufficient to answer the good Pur-

4 poles thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to make further Provision in that Behalf;’ be it there-

fore enacted. That* before any Person or Persons shall receive any Drawbackfor or in respect of Cyder en-

tered for Exportation, in order to obtain arty such Drawback, the Exporter of such Cyder, or his, her, or

their Servant, /hall, on the Debenture, make such Gath before.aoy one or more of the said Commissioners of

Excise, or before the Collector or other Officer of Excise, {which Oafn any one or more of the said Com-

inissioners, or ifuchi Collector orcother Officer; is hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) as is here-f

inafter prescribed; which Oath shall be in the Words,-or to the Effect, following: ,’J n:Y ’

\ 4 OAT*H for Cyder exported.

c t A.B. do (wear. That, to thebeft q( my Knowledge and Belief, the above-mentioned

4 1 Hogsheads of Cyder were put on board the Ship or Vessel above-named, and exported therein as Mer-

4 chandize to be (pent beyond the Seas, and no Pait thereof for ihe Ship’s Use; and that th^ Duties of Ex-

4 cife have been charged thereon, and have not been repaid. , $0' hejp me G OD.’

VL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever (hall-counterfeit or forge, or

cause of procure t?o be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate authorized or required to be granted by arty

Officer or Officers of Excise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately be-

fore the passing of this Act, and relating to any of the Duties of Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall

knowingly or willingly give any falfeor untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or willingly ac-

cept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or if any Person:or Persons shall fraudulently

alter or erase any such trrte Certificate after the fame shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer

or Offifcers of Excise, Or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly1 publish or make use of any such

Certificate so counterfeited, forged,1 false, untrue, altered,^or erafk),'every1 Person or Persons so offending

foalkforeach and evWy such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.; I '*

Yil. And be-it fbrther enacted,. That uponfewry Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, entered or filed

in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the said

Penalty of five hundred Pounds, a Capiat' itt the fiffl Process shall or may issue, specifying such Penalty;

and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail by natural-born Subjects, Persons

naturalized or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capiat shall be directed,’to appear in the

Court out of whicH such Capias shall issue, afe therDay'«frlbe Return off such Writ, to answer such Suit or

Prosecution, and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bailor Security in the faief

Court, to answer and pay such Perialty Or Penalties of five hundred Pounds^ in case he, she, or they shall be

convicted thereof, or-to yield his, her. Or their Body or Bodies to Prisoni

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall knowingly or collufively

accept or receive any counterfeited, forged, or Untrue Certificate, as and for a lawful and true Certificate

duly granted by any Officer or Officers of >Excise, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament In'

force immediately’before the paffihgof this Act, find* rating to any of the Duties of Excise, or shall, under

Colour of any such comiterfeittfd, forged,foH untrue Certificate,‘ knowingly or collufively give to any

Maker or Manufacturer of, 0! Dealer m{ any Goods,r Wares, Merchandize, or Commodity, for or in re-

spedl Whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, any undue cSr improper Credit inany Book or Books

relating.to the said Duties of Excise, for the Purpose of creating or keeping up an undue or fidlitious Stock

of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodity, with Intent that any such Maker, Manufac-

turer, or Dealer, shall or may obtain -any- undue Payment or Allowance by way of Drawback of any of

the Duties of Excise, for or on Account of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodity, never

in reality shipped and exported, then and irr ei'cry such Cafe the Officer or Officers of Excise so offending,

and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall, for such his or their Of-

fence, be transported as a Felon or Felons.forohe fcpace of seven Years, in such Manner as Felons are ap-

pointed to be transported by an Act madein the.twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Acifor the effectual Transporiation'cf Felons and other Offendersy and to authorize the Removal of

Prisoners in certain Cafes; and for other Purpose s therein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud his Majesty,

counterfeiter forge, or causeor procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Debenture in any Cafe in which

a Debenture is by any'Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise required or directed to be

given or granted, ordhall knowingly or willingly utter, pubiish, or make use of any such counterfeited or

forged Debenture, every Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of

Felony,

and on Cyder*

the following

Oath.

500I. Penalty

for counterfeit^

ing Certificates,

or giving or re-

ceiving false

ones. Sec.

Defendants to*

give sufficient.

Bail for the Pe#-

nalty.

Officersof Ex-

cife accepting

counterfeited

Certificates, or

giving improper

Credit in Excise

Books, that '

undue Draw-

back may be

obtained, guilty

of Fe.’ony, and

to be transport-

as under

Stat. 24 Geo. 3*.

ft. 2. c« 561

Perform coun-

terfeiting De-

bentures, or

making Use of

them, guilty of

Felony without-

Benefit of.

Clcrgv,

