545

A.D. 1797. Anno tricdimo feptimo Georgii III.. G. 54—5X

CAP. LIV.

An A<Sl for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Navigation to

vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Canal, so as to render the Execution thereof more ealy, expe-

ditious, and less expensive; and for altering and amending the Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty *, for making the said Canal.—[9th May 1797.]

VM CAP. LV.

AnA£l for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Milbrooke in the County of Southampton, and

for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.—[9th May 1797. J

CAP. LVI. - , :

An Act to amend an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty f, for building a

Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford in the County of Hereford.— [9th Alay 1797*]

CAP. LVI I.

An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Way

of Annuities.—[1 ith May 1797.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign, *

4 \T 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 VV assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your

4 Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand

4 Pounds be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech

4 your Majesty that it may be enabled,* CsV.

44 Every Contributor of 100/. towards raising 14,500,000/. to be entitled to a Principal of 100/. and 25 /.

44 in the 3 per Cent Confols; a Principal of 50/. in the 3 per Cents. Reduced ; a Principal of 20/. in the

44 4 per Cents, and 6s. 6d. Long Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, Half-yearly. Contri-

44 tutors to contribute proportionably to raising a further Loan of 3,500,000 /. and if not raised, a Deduc-

44 tien to be made from the Annuity of 6 s. 6 d. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank, may

^ pay the Remainder of Subscriptions by Instalments. Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to 37 Geo. 3.

44 c. to dated prior to Jan. 21, 1797* or such as are contained in a Schedule annexed to the A cl, to be

44 received as Cash. Exchequer Bills so made out, bearing Date after May 1, x797» and becoming payable

€l on Jug. 25,1797, to be received as Cash in the Instalment due May 26, 1797, fAc. Guardians may sub-

44 feribe for Infants. Discount to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of the Subscriptions in Advance j

fC and on Subscriptions advanced in part.,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Admini-

(Irators, Successors, and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand

Pounds, shall for every one hundred Pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, be entitled

to Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum in respect of the said Principal Sums of one hundred

Pounds and twenty-five Pounds, to commence from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-seven, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; and shall also be en-

titled in respect of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to a Reduced Annuity after the

Rate of three Pounds per Centum, in respe& of the additional Principal Sum of fifty Pounds, from the fifth

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until Redemption by Parliament in Mapner

hereinafter mentioned ; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced

and paid, to a further Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum in respe£l of the addi-

tional Principal Sum of twenty Pounds, from the fifth Day or April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, until Redemption by Parliament in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; and shall also be entitled in re-

spe<5l of every such one hundred Pounds so advanced and paid, to a further Annuity of six Shillings and Six-

pence (subje<5l to a Deduction as hereinbefore mentioned) to continue for the Term of sixty-two Years

and nine Months, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to

cease; which said respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, and of three Pounds ter

Centum, and of four Pour .Is per Centum respectively, and of six Shillings and Sixpence, (subject to such De-

duction as hereinbefore is mentioned,) shall be payable and paid Half-yearly, by even and equal Poitions,

(that is to say,) the said first mentioned several Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, on the

fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January in every Year; and the said Reduced Annuities after the

Rate of three Pounds per Centum, and the said Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum, on the

tenth Day of October and the fifth Day of April in every Year; and the said Annuity of six Shillings and

Sixpence (subject to such Deduction as i:fortfaid) on the said tenth Day of October and the said fifth Day of

April in every Year ; the first Payment upon the said first mentioned several Annuities after the Rate of three

Pounds per Centum, to be due on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and

37 Geo. III. 4B on

Cap. 97*

f Cap. x

Con tribu toil

entitled to cer-

tain Annuities.

