664

An additional

Duty of 5s. to

be paid for each

Hci l'c kept

above one for

ricUng, 01 draw-

ing certain Car-

riages.

Duty to be In

addition to

former Duties,

imposed by

Stats. 24 Geo 3.

c. 31. 29 Geo. 3.

c. 49. 36 Geo. 3.

and to be fufc-

jedl to tol. per

Cent, on the

Amount.

Commifli oners

for Taxes to put

this Act in Exe-

cution.

Mode of mak-

ing the ArTell*-

ment of 20I.

per Cent, and

returning the

fame to the

Commissioners.

First AfliflT-

ment to be for

three Quarters,

from July 5,

1797 j and

afterwards for

a Year, and to

be -paid Quar-

terly.

Duties to be

assessed, kc. as

others under

the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioners

for Taxes.

C. 134. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

Authority of the same, That, upon every Assessment which shall be made from and after the fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, through-

out the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the

further additional Duty following; that is to say, That every Person who shall keep and use more than one

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatever Name such Carriage is now, or here-

after may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, heretofore under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners of Excise, and now transferred to and under the Management of the Commis-

sioners for the Affairs of Taxes, is payable, shall be charged with the further additional Annual Duty of five

Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rate and Duty hereby imposed shall be paid over

and above, and in addition to, the respe<Stive Rates and Duties granted by certain Acts of the twenty-fourth,

twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

kept and used for the Purpose of riding, or drawing any such Carriage or Carriages as are therein respec-

tively enumerated.

c. 16. i t SH Ml

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate or Duty by this Act imposed, as hereinbefore is men-

tioned, shall be subject and liable to an additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum per An-

num on the Produce and Amount contained in any Afleftinent thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-

mentioned Duties by this Act imposed, the Commissioners authorized or appointed, or who shall hereafter be

authorized or appointed, for putting in Execution the Acts relative to the present Duties on Horses, Mares,

and Geldings, or any other Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of

'Taxes, shall be Commissioners for executing this present Act with relation to the aforesaid Duty, and the

Powers herein contained, in all and Angular the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities,

Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and that

the several Surveyors, Inspectprs, Assessors, and Collectors respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed,

in Manner aforesaid, shall be Surveyors, Inspectprs, Assessors, and Collectors, to put in Execution this present

Ad, according to the respective Powers and Authorities gtv?n to them by the former Acts hereinbefore men-

tioned, or any of them ; and the said Commissioners, and other the Persons aforesaid being duly qualified to

ad in the Execution of the said several Acts as before mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively em-

powered and required to do all 'Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the afore-

iaid Rate or Duty hereby imposed, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or any of them,

arc or is authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts relative to the Rates and Duties on Horses,

Mares, and Geldings, or any Matters or Things therein respectively contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the several Assessors, in making the Assessf-

ment under this present Act of the additional Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds t>er Centum, to assess the

Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the former Rates and Duties contained in any

Alfeflinent whereon the Rates of twenty Pounds per Centum are imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament,

and the Rate and Duty imposed by this Act, in one Sum, and by one Assessment and Charge, instead of

diflind Assessments and Charges, and to return the fame to the respective Commissioners, in the Manner

and under the Regulations and Directions prescribed by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties under the Manage-

ment of the Commiftoners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and that the respective Collectors shall and may collect

and receive the said Duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first Assessment under this Act shall be made for

three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and

that from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Assessments

under this Act shall be made for one Year from the fifth Day of April in each Year; and that the Duty so

to be assessed shall be paid Quarterly, at the l ime and in Manner following ; that is to say. On the fifth Day

of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by

equal Portions ; the first of the ftid Payments on the said Assessment for three Quarters of a Year to be made

on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. - < - ifil T 1

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rate or Duty by this Act imposed shall be

assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, in such and the like Form and

Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according

to sech Rules, Methods, and Directions, and subject to such Provisoes and Exemptions by which the former

Rates and Duties on Horses used as aforesaid were or might be assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid

over, and accounted for, or by any of them, as the fame now remain in force, and are applicable to the said

additional Kate or Duty hereby imposed, and are not alien'd by this Act; and that all and every the Powers,

Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, con-

tained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the former Rates and Duties on Horses, or any of them,

or any Act or Acts therein referred to, now in force, for the assessing, surcharging, railing, levying, collecting,

recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for, the said Rates and Duties thereby granted, as far as the

fame are applicable to the Rate and Duty by this Act imposed, and not repugnant thereto, shall be in force,

and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the

assessing, surcharging, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for, the

13 Kata

