xn

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 III.

of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Pur-

pose of building upon.

84. An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates

of the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of IVilts,

in Trustees, for Sale, and for-applying the Money arising

from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the

Incumbrances afteding the fame, and the remaining Part

of the said settled Estates, and for vesting the Surplus of

the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the

Purchase of other I>ands, to be settled to the Ul'es to which

the said settled Estates now stand limited.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste

Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Has-

field, in the County of Gloucester.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable

Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, with-

in the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and

Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County

of Bedford.

88. An Act to enable Patrick Murray Tljreipland, and the

Heirs of Entail in the Lands and Estate of Barnhill, to

exchange the said Lands and Estate of Barnhill, lying in

the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and

Estate of Finga/k, lying within the said County of Perth,

belonging to Stuart Threipland, of Fingafk, Phyfiician in

Edinburgh, in Life-relit, and the said Patrick Aiurray

Threipland in Fee.

89. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the Parish of Bentworth,

in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased

with a Legacy given by the Will of Richard Aldworth

Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for

applying the Money to arise by fitch Sale for the like Pur-

poses.

90. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Parti-

tien and Division between the Right Honourable Thomas

Conolly, Henry Vernon Esquire, Leveson Vernon Esquire,

and Richard William Howard VyJ'e an Infant, of divers

Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the

Estate of the Right Honourable William Earl of Strafford,

deceased,) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton,

Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlfex, and the City of London.

9t. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Ma-

nor, Township, and Parish of Swillington, in the Weft

Riding of the County of Yo^k.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste.

Grounds, within the Parish of Woodborough, in the Coun-

ty of Nottingham.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry

of Chattifiey otherwise Chaccley, in the County of IVor-

cester. ' * 1

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all

other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

Parish of Ropfley, and in the Liberties or Townships of

Great Humby and Little Humby in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Keljhal/, in the

L County of Flertford.

Li 06. An Act for natu*?F' m John Lewis Moilliet.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and

Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpey

in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Greystoke, in the

County of Cumberland.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Heaths, Paftufes, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate9

Houghton, and JValton, in the Parish of Grantham, in the

County of Lincoln.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne inclosures,

within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County

cf Derby.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and Elfton, in

the County of Nottingham, and for ascertaining the

Boundaries between the said Parishes.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

Parish of Harlaxton, in the County of Lincoln.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands,

Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste

Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lord-

ship of Owmby, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of

Lincoln.

105. An;Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands

and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint A'fargarct,

in the County of IVilts.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex*

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-

tain Trad of Common or Waste Ground called Ed*-

worth Aloor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Parish

of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lan-

caster.

108. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the

Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable

and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor

and Parish of IVarboys, in the County of Huntingdon.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge,

otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish

of Ravenjlhorpe, in the County of Northampton.

in. An Act for naturalizing Peter Boilean.

112. An Act for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain

Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

• • _ 1 1 A An n • • . t jx -

/•

'he

by a*

Ma

4 Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the

1 eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein

* mentioned ;y and, by an Act of the fourteenth Year of

his Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Ad,

and for makine the said two Acts more effectual.

