480

C.,7

ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo G e0r g ii III. • A.D. 1796.

Ac. Cern, S-c.

for the Purposes

mentioned in

the above Afls;

(&*/*£> Cj?'

la5*)

and the Export-

ation of a limit-

Quantity to

Places in Amity

with his Majes-

ty, South of

CapeFinifterre.

Certain Articles

may be impos-

, Duty-free,

from any Place,

in British Vef-

ftIs, or Vcirth

belonging to

Places in Atnity

with lus m ajcf-

iy-

Entry to be

made of such

Articles with

the Officer of

the CultoiTis, on

Peralty of lor-

ftiture.

rying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of, the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles, as

aforesaid, for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in the said two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-

third Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, or either of them, in like Manner, and in the fame Proportions

and Quantities, and from and to the fame Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two Acts, or either ct

them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be

exported, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures, and

Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in any such Cafe required and imposed;

and also to permit, by special Order or Orders in Council, the Exportation of a limited Quantity of any

of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, from any Port in Great Britain, to any Country

in Europe in Amity with his Majesty, South of Cape Finijlerr.e, subject to such Security, Conditions, Re-

gulations, and Restrictions, as by such Order in Council shall be directed.

IIf- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of the

said Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia-

ment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever to import into Great Britain,

from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vertel, or in any other Ship* or Velltl belonging

to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever,

any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse;

and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb,

•whether salted or otherwise. Bacon, Hams, l ongues. Butter, Chcefe, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-

powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Efgs, Game, and Sour-crout, without the

Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times-before the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Com-

mencement of the said next Session of Parliament; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. , \\ ^ 1L.kK

.IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be

made of all such Keans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of

Pulse; and of such Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, and Pork, Veal, Mut-

ton, and Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago-powder, Ta-

pioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour-crout, that shall be imported

by virtue of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the lame shall be

imported; and in default thereof, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of his Majesty’s Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and

incurred by this Act, (and not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered,) shall and

may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and

Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence against the

Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the .Officer or

Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be entitled to and receive such Share of

the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for

unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary F*ine or Penalty, or

Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled

to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case his Majesty, at any Time during the

Recess of Parliament, shall judge it to be mod for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom to suspend all

or any of the Provisions of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, by his or their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council,

or by his Majesty’s Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, so to do.

VII. 4 And whereas certain Quantities of Wheat, or Wheat Flour, or Meal, have been imported in

* order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

4 avowing Bounties, for a limited Time, on the Importation, into Great Britain, of any Wheat, IVheat Flour,

4 Indian Corn, Indian Meal or Rye, in British Ships, or other Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or

4 State in Amity with his Majesty, or on the Delivery of the fame out of JVarehoujt for Home Consumption, but

4 which having appeared upon inspedlion and Examination, according to the Directions of the find Act, hot

4 to be fit for making Bread, have not received any of the said Bounties: And whereas it is expedient that

4 Permission should be given for ufine the fame for other Purposes notwithstanding any Act or Acts of Parlta-

4 ment now in force to the contrary; be it enacted. T hat it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excite, or

the major Part of them, in England and Scotland respectively, at any l ime on or before the first Day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, to grant a Licence or Licences for using any tuch

Wheat, Wheat F*lour, or Meal, in making Starch, Hair Powder, or Blue, or in Diliillation of Low

Wines or Spirits, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, upon Oath or otherwise, that such Wheat,

Wheat Flour, or Meal, had been so imported, and upon inspedlion and Examination was deemed not fit

for making Bread; and such Licence or Licences shall be granted subject to such Regulations for preventing

Fraud or Abufc thereof as to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall seem pro-

per \ any Thing in 3ny Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

This Art may VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any Act or Acts

altered or re- to be made in this present Session of Parliament. '

pealed this Session. (SeeCaf. S3.refvjling P401 tbu Att.)

Recovery and

.Application of

Forfeitures.

Hrs Majesty,

during the Re-

cess of Parlia-

ment, may fuf-

pend this Act.

Commissioners

of Excise, till

Feb. I, 1797,

may grant

Licence for

using Wheat,

See. imported to

obtain Bounty

under 36 Geo.

Ill* Cap. 21.

found unfit for

Bread, in mak-

ing Starch, Ac.

or iADiftUlation.

CAP.

