662 C.I26, 127. Anno triccdmofeptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

I

fame as Evi-

dence, and to be

afterwards de-

Uroyed.

No Proceedings

before a Justice

to be quashed

for Want of

Form, &c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue.

0

Treble Costs.

ft

Materials, and to carry the fame forthwith to a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where

the fame shall be seized, who shall cause the fame to be secured and, produced in Evidence against any Per-

son or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice

proper for the Determination thereof; and after such T ime as any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any

such Tools,'Implements, or Materials, shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much

and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so leized, and not made

use of in Evidence, shall forthwith, by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be

tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed,

or otherwise disposed of, as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

yIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender

against this A& before any Justice of the Peace, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by

Writ of Certiorari^ or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at Westminster.

IX- And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any

Person or Persons for any Thing done in purfuarce of this Act, then and in every such Cafe the said Action

or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards,

and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and

the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought may plead the General Issue, and

give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such

Action or Suit shall be brought ^fter the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in

any other County or Place as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants, and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if upon Demurrer Judg-

ment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law*

s

CAP. CXXVII. 2- E

His Majesty

may issue his

Proclamation

for the meeting

of Parliament

in not iefs than

14 Days from

the Date.

6 Anna?, Cap. 7,

§ 6. recited, and

repealed.

0k

In case of the

King’s Dtmife,

after the Diffo-

lution of a Par-

liament and pre-

vious to the

Day appointed

for the alfem-

bling a new

one; the last

An Act to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of

His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden

for the Dispatch of Business; and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Par-

liament in the Cafe of a Demise of the Crown.—[19th July 1797.]

4 \ WHEREAS it is expedient to (horten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal ln-

tention of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the

4 Dispatch of Bufinefsbe it therefore enacted by the King’s^most^ excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be

pleased, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of his Majesty,* his Heirs-or Successors, to issue his or

their Royal Proclamation, giving Notice of his or their Royal Intention that Parliament shall meet and be

holden for the Dispatch of Business on any Day being not less than fourteen Days from the Date of such

Proclamation, the fame shall be a full and sufficient Notice to all Persons whatever of such the Royal Inten-

tien of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Parliament shall thereby (land prorogued to the Day

and Place therein declared, notwithstanding any previous Prorogation of the Parliament to any longer Day,

and notwithstanding any former Law, Usage, or Practice to the contrary.

II. And whereas by rn Act, made in the sixth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An At1 for the Security of

4 her Majesty s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protejiaht

4 Line* it is amongst other Things enacted, that in case there is no Parliament in being at the Time of

the Demise of her said Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, that hath met and fat, then the last preceding Par-

4 liament shall immediately convene and fit at IVcftminster, and be a Parliament to continue as therein men-

4 tioned, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Parliament had never been dissolved, but subject to be pro-

4 rogued and dissolved as therein provided: And whereas great Inconvenience may arise from the said Provi-

4 fibn,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. ... A*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Demise of his Majesty*

his Heirs or Successors, subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day

appointed by the Writs of Summons for act'embling a new Parliament* then, and in such Cafe, the last pre-

ceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament, tocontinue for and

during the Space of six Months, and no longer, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Parliament had not

been dissolved or expired, but subject to be (boner prorogued or dissolved by the Person to whom the Crown

of this Realm of Great Britain shall come, remain, and be, according to the Acts for limiting and settling

the Succdfion to the fame. Ak

preceding Parliament to meet and fit.

