A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 60.

as the Consideration of such Redemption, or such Part thereof as shall have been contracted for on Ac-

count of the hr ft Instalment, shall have been transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na-

tional Debt, and all other Matters and Things hereinbefore directed as to Contracts of Redemption made

within the Period hr ft hereii before limited, been duly performed, the Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Heted taments comprised in such Contrail shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land

Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, and such Land Tax shall be no longer pay-

able to the Receiver General or Collector < f the County, Riding, Stewanry, or Place, within which such

Land Tax shall be charged, nor by such Receiver General or Colledlor to the Purchaferor Purchasers there-

of, al ter Notice of such Redemption, unless such Contrail shall become null and void on Failure of making

good any Instalment contracted and agreed for thereon as hereinafter mentioned,

XCVL And be it further enaited. That if any Person or Persons, after entering into any such Contrail

as aforesaid for the Redemption or Purchase of any such Land T*x, shall afterwards refuse or negleil to

complete the same by the due and regular Transfer of the several Instalments agreed to be made thereon,

then and in every such Cafe, and immediately after Default shall be made in the Transfer of any of the said

Instalments, such Contrail shall become null and void, and the Whole of the Land Tax so contracted for

{in case the fame shall have ceased by virtue of this A61) shall be revived, and again become chargeable on

the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the fame was charged prior to

such Contrail, and such Land "Fax{whether the famethall have been redeemed or purchased) shall be again

assessed, raised, levied, and collected for the Uleof his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or be again fold

by the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of this Act, in the fameManneras if such Con-

trail had not been entered into, and the Person or Persons so making Default shall, for the Non-perform-*

anceof such Contrail, be subject to a Penalty not exceeding the Amount of the Value of the Stock agreed

to be transferred for the first Instalment.

XCVII. And be it further enailed. That where any Contrail shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for

the Courts of Exchequer in England and &-0f/tf/7*/respeclively, on the Application of the Person or Persons

who shall have incurred such Penalty, or any other Person or Persons who may be prejudiced by such De-

fault, by Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, Hating the Grounds of such Application, to enlarge

the Time for the making good any subsequent Instalment or Instalments, and to grant such Relief to the

Party or Parties as to the said Courts respeilively shall seem meet, upon Payment of all Cods, and upon such

other Terms and Conditions as to such Courts respeilively shall appear reasonable.

XCVIII. And be it further enailed. That every Contrail entered into and made, under and by virtue of

this Act, shall be assignable by Indorsement made thereon, in the Form contained in the Schedule marked

(D), and where the Assignemnt is only a Part of the Land Tax comprised in such original Contrail, then

by a like Form to be indorsed upon an attested Copy of such original Contrail, specifying the Proportion of

the Land Tax so to be assigned, and the Premises upon which the fame is charged, which Assignemnt arid

Alignments shall be registered, and Duplicates thereof delivered in such and the like Manner, in all Re-

foecls, as is hereinbefore described with respeil to the original Contrail entered into under and by virtue of

thisAa. V, # >‘

XCIX. And be it further enaaed. That all Land Tax which shall be redeemed or purchased in pursuance

of this Act, except where the fame shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, or in Cafes where other Pro-

visions are made by this Act, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Na-

ture of Real Estate.

r, , except in certain Cafes.

C. Provided also, and be it further enaaed. That where any Contraa shall have become null and void, in

Manner hereinbefore described, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, although not interested therein,

by Leave of, and under and subject to the Direaicns of the said respeaive Courts of Exchequer, on Appli-

cation made in a summary Way, to contraa with the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes

of this Act, for the making good all such Instalments as shall remain due at the Time of such Contraa be-

coming null and void as aforesaid, and on transferring to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or

Companies interested therein, the Quantity of Capital Stock that shall have been transferred under such

Contraa, or paying the Value thereof, in such Manner, and to such Person or Persons as the said respeaive

Courts of Exchequer shall direct, and upon making good the Instalments that shall remain due as aforesaid,

and upon such Registry and Delivery of Duplicates in Manner hereinbefore direaed in Cafes of Assignemnt

of Contraas, such Person or Persons shall thenceforth be considered as the Purchaser or Purchasers of the

Land Tax mentioned in such Contraa, and shall be entitled to all such Benefits, Advantages, and Payments,

as if he, she, or they had originally contraaed for the Purchase thereof subjea to such Redemption thereof

as is herein directed with respect to any Purchaser or Purchasers at the Period hereinafter men-

tioned. 1:

CI. Provided aWo, and be it further enaaed, That where any Contraa made under and by virtue of this

Aa shall have become null and void as aforesaid, and no Application ro-the said respeaive Courts of Exche-

quer shall have been made within three Calendar Months from the l ime of such Default, in Manner here-

inbefore directed, by any Person or Persons not interested in such Contraa, nor any Prosecution for the Pe-

nalty

813

Lands subject to

the Land Tax

redeemed to be

c xoncrated.

Where Persons

refuseor neglect

to complete

their Contract*

it shall become

void, and the

Land Tax, if it

has ceased, shall

be revived, ami

be again raised,

or again fold;

and the Con-

trador making

Default shall

forfeit the Value

of his fiift

Instalment.

Courts of Ex-

chequer in Eng-

land or Scotland

may relieve

against such

Forfeitures.

§ 8o.)

Contracts may

be assigned and

registered.

§ 78.

Land Tax

Ttdeemed or

purchased under

this Act to be

Personal Estate,

(&* § 3*. 40.)

In case of

Contracts be

coming void,

Strangers may,

on Application

to the Exche*

quer, make

good the fame,

and ft and in the

Place of the

original Pur-

chalets.

Where no such

Application is

made within

three Months,

and the Penalty

for Breach ot

