A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III.

C* 53*

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said

Duties hereinbefore granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the

Commissioners for the 'rime being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parch-

ment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to denote the Payment

of the said Duties by this Act imposed, either by using any Stamps in their Possession heretofore pro-

vided to be used in relation to any former Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to pro-

vide new Stamps for that Purpose, and to renew or alter the fame from Time to Time as they shall fee

Occasion, and to do all Things neccdary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to

the said Duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a Manner as they or the major Part of them are author-

ized to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the greater Convenience in paying the said Duties, the said

Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by any Writing under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them,

shall and may appoint such and so many Offices and Places, within the Limits of ten Miles from the Head

Office of Stamp Duties in Middlesex, for the Receipt of ail Accounts of the Names and Places of Abode of

Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties, within the said Limits, in pursuance of this Act, and that

the respective Head Distributors of Stamps shall also, without the said Limits, in their respective Divisions,

with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, appoint in every County, Riding, Division,

Shire, Stewartry, or Place, in Great Britain, one or more such Offices and Places for the Receipt of all Ac-

counts of the Names and Places of Abode of all other Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties,

without the Limits of ten Miles from the Head Office as aforesaid; all which said Offices and Places shall

respectively be kept open for the Purposes of this Act on l'uch Days, and during such Periods of the Year,

as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; which Directions, and also the Situation of the

respective Offices and Places aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause to be, from Time to Time, pub-

licly advertised in fume Newspaper ulually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Offices or Places

respectively, with the Names of the Officers appointed to superintend the fame.

V. And be it further enacted, That from anJ after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-eight, or within the Space of two Calendar Months next ensuing, every Person liable

to any of the Duties by this Act imposed, shall make such Entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or causing to

be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, into the Head Office of Stamps, or such other Office

as the said Commissioners shall appoint within the Limits aforesaid, or in the Office of the Head Distributors

of Stamps, or their Deputies, or other Persons appointed to receive the same, an Account in Writing, con-

taining his or her Name and Place of Abode, and whether he or she is chargeable to the said Duties in respect

of any Coach or other Carriage before mentioned, or to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on

Houses, Windows, or Lights, or one of the family, or a Lodger or Inmate abiding in the House of any

Person, with the Day, Month, and Year, of delivering in the fame; and such Commissioners, or their Dif-

tributors respectively, or their respective Deputies, or such other Person or Persons who shall be appointed

to receive such Accounts at the Office or Place of Delivery, shall thereupon, and upon Payment of the said

Duty, ifl'ue a Certificate made out in the Name of the proper Officer, and stamped to denote the Duty by

this Act imposed, in the Form and Manner hereinafter directed; and which Account and Certificate shall

respectively be made out in the Forms following; (that is to lay,)

FORM OF ACCOUNT.

Day of in the Year of our Lord i 1 « 1 i 1 I r ' ' ' ! - t

Here fer forth the County and Parish, Ward, Street, or Town,\vhrre the Office is fftuate. Here set forth the Name or Names of the Parties. "1 Here set forth the Place of Abode, containing Town, Street, Parish, and County. 1Z. v. j;" v.i Here set forth whether the Party is charge- able for the said Duties in respect of any Coach or other Carriage before mentioned, or to any of the Duties on Inhabited [ Houses, or on Windows or Lights, or one of the Family j videlicet, Wife, Son, Daughter, Este. (<ri the Cttje mav be,) or Lodger or inmate, and the Yiar for which the Certificate is to be taken out.

T i 1 l 1 1 Is. ;■ 1 T. J L'. ' .1 1 1. !. i: 1

775

Duties to be un-

<Jer the Manage-

ment of the

Commissionert

for Sumps.

Commissioners

to appoint Of-

fices within cer-

tain Limits for

Receipt of

Names, Sec. ;

and the Head

Distiibutors to

appoint them

without such

Limit*, &c.

Persons liable to

the Duty, to

make Entry,

and on Payment

of Duty Certifi-

cates to be

made our, in

the following

Forms.

FORM

