A.D. 1795

trieefima quinto

C» 20#

45

IV. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to

charge with the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Coals exported, the several Quantities of Coals

allowed to be exported annually from the Ports of Newcastle and Sivanfea respectively, to the I (lands of

,Jerffy, Gucrnjey, and Alderney, by an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

(amongst other Things,) for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Pay.

ment of the Duty granted by an Atl, made in the then last Session of Parliament, to the islands of Jery,,

Guern/ey, and Alderney, so as the fame be exported under the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and

Limitations in the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Custdms imposed by the said recited Act, passed

in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Importation, into the Kingdom

of Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, of Malls twelve Inches or upwards in Diameter, and also the

ad valorem Duties payable on Wade Silk, not therein enumerated or described, and the Drawbacks allowed

thereon, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except, in ail Cafes relating

to the recovering* allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on and immediately

before the passing of this Act, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties,

or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing

of this Act. v

Coals allowed

to be exported

from Newcartle

and Swanfca,

to Jersey, &c.

by 6 G;o. Ilf,

Cap. 40, not

liable to addi-

tional Duty.

Duties imposed

by 27 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 13, on

Importation of

Marts of a cer-

tain Diameter,

and the ad va-

lorem Duties

on Warte Silk,

not enume-

rated, and

Drawback allowed, to cease*.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

arising by the several Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising and ac-

counting for the fame respectively excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his

Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be

carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Monies to arise from the said Duties, or so

much thereof as shall be suficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of de-

fraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any

Act or Acts to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies, during the Space of ten

Duties to be

carried to the

Consolidated.

Fund.

liic wince or iric AuUuor or rnc kiiq ixcccipc^ during tns 131Q icrioci 01 ten 1 tuis nuuK or DuoKb^ in

which all the Monies arising from the said Duties paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall,

together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted in this Sertion of Parliament for the Pur-

pose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Duties to be

applied in de-

fraying any in-

creased Charge

occasioned by

any Loan of

this Sertion,

and for jo

Years to be

kept separate;

from other

Monies.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE A.

Goods imported into this Kingdom.

Rairtns of the Sun, the Hundred Weight

Smyrna Rairtns, the Hundred Weight

Lexia Rairtns, the Hundred Weight

Faro Rairtns, the Hundred Weight

Lipra or Behidere Rairtns, the Hundred Weight

Deni a Rairtns, and all other Rairtns not otherwise enumerated, the Hundred Weight

Lemons, the Thousand — ' — — __

Granges,

Sallad Oi

the Thousand

il, the Gallon ML—_

Silk Knubs, or Husks of Silk, the Pound containing sixteen Ounces

W afte Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Pound containing rtxteen )

Ounces — c

Waftc Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, imported by the East India

\n\omPany> Pound containing rtxteen Ounces

Mahogany* the Foot square* Superficial Measure

Duty • Drawback.

£. ► 5, d. £• r. d.

O I 4 O 1 4

O 0 7 o 0 7

O I 4 0 1 4

O I 4 0 I 4

O I 1 0 1 1

O I 3 0 1 3

O 2 3 0 2 3

O 2 3 0 2 3

O O 11 0 0 xr

O I 2 0 1 2

O * I 6 0 1 4

O 1 6 0 1 4

0 0 0 0 ii

