A.D. 1795. Anno tricesimo quin to Georgii III,

C. 123

219

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Parties shall appear, the said Justices. £artJcs a,v*

shall be empowered to hear them viva voce, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by

Declaration, or upon Oath, proceeding on the Reference of either Party: Provided always, that no Pro- C;ith> but* no

curators. Solicitors, or any JPersons pra#ifing the Law, shall be allowed to plead for them, nor shall any of Practifer of che

the Pleadings, or Minutes, or Evidence, be taken down in Writing, nor be entered upon any Record. Law to plead, &c.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defender who has been personally cited, or

vbo has been cited a second Time on Default for Non-appearance on his first Citation, shall not appear,

.1/^1, - r . r- - *' r Justices to give him a Delay, he shall beheld as con fe fling the

a sufficient Lxcufe shall happen to be made, or if the Absence of

Witnesses, or any other good Reason aligned, lha!l move the Justices to adjourn the Meeting to another

Day, or to the next dated Time of Meeting, it shall be competent for them to make such Adjournment,

and the Parres and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justices, thatthc Non-

attendance of Parties or Witnesses has 1-----r—A L ‘ -----J?~‘i— n-----n-----f *L-

or that he has returned a false Execution., I Wfft. __________Hi. ...JBHLJMPI L —P

to the Poor, or imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, nor the Imprisonnient not

exceeding ten Days. ’

V1JI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint the Clerk or Depute Clerk shall keep a Book,

wherein shall be entered a Transcript of the Petition or Complaint, with the Date of giving it in, thefeve-

ral Deliverances, or Interlocutory Orders of the Justices, and the final Judgment or Decree, with the Date,

thereof, which lad shall be signed by the Justices present, or by their Prefes, if more than two are present;

and a Copy of said Decree shall, by the Clerk, be annexed to the principal Petition or Complaint, contain-

ing Warrant for arresting or poinding the Effects of the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison ;

which Copy or Extra#, being signed by the Clerk or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose Fa-,

your the fame is granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution after the Expiration of fix free Days from the

Date of pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it is given has been present in Court when it

was pronounced; or if he has not been present. Execution shall only proceed after a Charge of fix free

1 \ f \ A9 ^ Yx ▼ j /t , tx ^

as been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Officer,

on, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to put)i(h him, by a Fine

p | p < T t

Defender not

appearing, or

fending a fuifi-

cient Excuse, to

he held as con-

ic fling the Debt,

&c.

Justices may

punish Officer

for Failure of

Duty.

Chrk to inter

Transcript* of

Petition# and

Decrees.

Co?y of Decree

to be Warrant

lor Execution.

plus

Effi

"’O-- —

A# for Poinding and

1 nnu nc 11 11 1 riiii uil jl onii or uic i O'liuiiiiciii ul iijrijiiidry^ vrij uy Carrying inc

Effe#s poinded to the neared Market Town, or Kirk Town, or Village within the Parish, and after getting

the feme duly appraised, felling them between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve Forenoon, at the Cross, or

mod public Place, after one Hour’s Notice given by a Cryer, by public Roup to tf

if any, to the Owner, after deducing what is allowed by thi

its are not fold^ delivering them over at the appraised Value to the Creditor to the

Amount of the Debt, and of the Allowance for Poinding: Provided always, that in case the Place of Sale

isnota Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall be advertised,

two Days at lead before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church, upon Sunday after the Fore-

neon Sermon: Provided always, that the said Justices may, if they shall think proper, dire# the Sum or

Sums found due to be repaid by Indalments, weekly or monthly, according to the Circumstances of the

Parties found liable.

X. And be it cna# by the Authority aforesaid, That the Decree thus given shall not be subje# to Ad-

vocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution; and in case either Party shall

thereafter infid in an A#ion of Reduction, before the Court of Session, for setting aside the Proceedings,

on the Ground of alleged Iniquity or Oppreflton, he shall, before being heard in such A#ion, be obliged

to find diffident Caution, and to lodge the fame in the Hands of the Clerk of Court for Payment of such

Expences as may be awarded against him; nor shall any such A#ion be at all competent, after the Expira-

tien of one Year from the Date of the Decree of the said Justices.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Thru the following Fees, and no other, shall be

allowed and taken; videlicet; , 1 r - -

Form Poind-

ing.

Justice mi7 oir-

<Lr Men.y due

to he piid by

Instalments.

Decree not Tub-

jest to Advocfc*

tien, &c.

Caution to be

found where an

Aition of Re-

duction is in-

lifted on, &c.

Fees to be taken

as follows.

To the Clerk of Court, for drawing up Petition and Complain*

For entering and transcribing the fame in his Book -

To the Clerk, for a Copy of Service - -

To him, for signing and entering the fame in his Book

To him, for entering the Appearance of every Defender

To him, for every Oath -

To him, for the Decree containing the Warrant of Execution

To him, for Warrant to cite Defender’s Witnesses, or any other Warrant or Order

To him, for every Petition Answer

To the Cryer, for calling the A#ion -; -

To the Officers, for summoning the Defender or Witnesses, each

To him, for the Execution of Arredmentof the Defender’s Effe#s

To him and the Assistants, for poinding the Effe#s -

To him and his AffiAants, for felling the fame ...

To hun and Aflidants, for Execution against the Defender’s Person

To the Officer, for every Mile he shall travel to the Country

~F f a

Sterling.

£■ i. d.

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 0 2

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- O 0 4

' 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 _ 1 Oi

- 0 Q w 4

- 0 0 4

0 2 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 1

A Copy

