C. 60.

789

A.D. 1798. Anno trkefimo octavo Georgii III,

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several and ref|>e<Elive Sums of Money charged by

virtue of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An At!for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

LandTax,to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

on the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewaitries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places in

Great Britain, in respect of the Manors, Me Hu ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Act

mentioned, lying within the same Counties, Ridings, Stevvartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns,

and Places respectively, to be raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, within the Space of one Year from

the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall, from and after the Ex-

piration of the said Term, (except as hereinafter mentioned,) continue, and be raised, levied, and paid yearly

to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year for

ever; and that all the several Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and

Things, contained in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, as far a9 the fame aie not varied or

otherwise provided for in and by this Act, shall continue and be in full Force, and be duly observed, prac-

tifed, and put in Execution as fully and effectually as if the fame Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions,

Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act,

and expressly applied to the Provisions thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

and Conditions of Redemption or Purchase herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to any Sum or Sums of Money charged, by virtue of the said Act of the

present Session of Parliament, upon any Estate in Ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or

Personal Estate, or upon any Person or Persons in respectof any Public Office or Employment of Profit, or

any Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, P/ofits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities,

Stipends, or Yearly Payments, payable out of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer in England, or out of

his Majesty’s Public Revenues in Great Britain, in the said Act mentioned, but that the several Sums of

Money charged upon any Estate in Ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal

Estate, by the said Act, and also the several Sums of Money charged under and by virtue of the said Act

upon any Offices or Employments of Profit, or any Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees,

Profits, Perquisites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or Yearly Payments, shall, after the

twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, raised, levied,

collected, and paid, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be nafled for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, 'That the several and respective Sums of Money, charged or to be charged

under and by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, for and in respect of any Estate in

Ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estates, and for and in respect of any

Offices or Employments of Profit, Salaries, Gratuities, Bounty Monies, Rewards, Fees, Profits, Perqui-

sites, Advantages, Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or Yearly Payments aforesaid, by any Assessment made

in the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, in

every Parish or PLce where such Sums are charged and assessed,be separated and divided from the Remainder

of the Monies charged in such Parish or Place, by virtue of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament,

and shall be so returned in the several Duplicates thereof, to be transmitted according to the Directions of

the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by

Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint, in every County, Riding, Stewartry,

City, Borough,.Cinque Port, Town, and Place, in Great Britain, such and so many of the Persons who

are or shall be named or appointed in or by any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be parted, to

carry into Execution the Act of the present Session Gf Parliament before mentioned, or this Act, as to his said

Majesty shall seem fit, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of felling the Land Tax arising in the several

Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, wherein they are or

shall be respectively specially nominated and appointed, and the said several Persons so to be nominated or

appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be Commissioners for the said Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner especially nominated and appointed for the Pur-

pose of this Act, and also every Commissioner of Appeals, before he shall enter upon the Execution of the

said Office, shall take an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 T A. B> dofwear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the be ft of my Skill

4 1 and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the thirty-eighth

4 Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Aflfor making'perpetual, subject to

4 Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Aloney now charged in Great

4 Britain, as a Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

4 ninety-eight, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act. So help me GOD/

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons appointed to be a Commissioner, to

any other or others of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners specially appointed for the

Purposes of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirma-

tien (which Oath or Affirmation they or any one or more of them arc and is hereby authorized to admini-

- fter)

c. 5,

Land Tax, after

March 25*

1799, shall be

raised yearly

for ever;

subje£l to Re-

demption or

Purchase.

This A&shall

not extend to

Personal Estate,

Offices, Pen-

fions, &c. j the

Rates on

which, after

March 25,

1799, shall be

levied accord-

ing to the Di«

region of fu-

ture Acts.

Rates on Per-

fonal Estate,

Offices, Pcn-

ftons, &c.in the

Year ending

March 25,1799,

shall be distin-

guished from

those on Land,

in the AfltlT-

ments and Du-

plicates.

The King may

appoint Com-

missioners lor

filling the Land

Tax, from the

LandTaxCom-

missioners in

each District.

Oath.

Commissioner*

may txamine

and receive la*

formation, on

©sub,from Prr*

