IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 35 GW. Ill,

66. An Act for making Part of certain Principal Sums, or

Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised

or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland,

on Loans for the Use of the Government of that King-

dom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stock and

Annuities payable, at the Bank of England \ and for the

better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and An-

nuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England.

67/ An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in

chefirft Year of the Reign of King James the First, inti-

tuled, An Act to refrain all Pei Jons from Marriage until

their former Wives and former Hujhands be dead.

68- An Act for veiling, for a certain Term of Years, in

the Right Honourable Henry Seymour Convjay, his Exe-

cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of

a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and

for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other bene-

ficial Purposes.

69. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant to the

Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and

Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were

put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an

Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act,

as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the

Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attain-

der of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny.

70. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the

Parish e/'Saint John at Hackney, in the County s/'Mid-

dlesex ; and for building another Church and Tower for the

Use of the said Parish ; and for making an additional

Cemetery or Church Yard-, and for raising a further Sum

of Money for completing the said Church, and other

Works. , i

71. An Act for building a New Church or Chapel in the

Town of Halifax, in the Welt Riding of the County of

York. . * •.

_•

72. An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Strat-

ford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the

Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kings-

wood, in the County of Warwick.

73. An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the eighth,

tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth Years of the Reign of,

his present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch

and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and

lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary-Je-Bone in the County

of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance

of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein

mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for|

those Purposes. >■ , ; i

74. An Act for keeping in Repair the Footways in the!

High Street of the Town of Kcnfington, in the County

of Middifex, and for lighting and watching the said

Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys com-

municating therewith, and for removing and pre-

venting Encroachments,: fNuifaoces, and Annoyances

therein. f

^ ^ 01

75. An Act for paving theT ootways, and for cleansing,

lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lancs,

Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Wallingford,

in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing

Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstruc-

tiens. therein. _ ' u

76. An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and

otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Pub-

lic Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and

Avenues within the Royalty thereof; for the better ap-

plying the Inhabitants with Frelh Water, and for the re-

moving and preventing all Obflrudions and Annoyances

within the said City and Royalty.

77. An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and

South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens,

called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or

near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining or

near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, drain-

ing through the fame to Sea, by the Harbour of King's

Lynnf\\\ the said County ; and for altering and improving

the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a

Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint

Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's

Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation

of the several Rivers communicating with the said River

Ouze.

78. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at

Bcwdley, in the County of ITorcester, and for opening

convenient Avenues thereto'. '

79. An Act for amending ail Ad, passed in the twentysfirft

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at

the Toivn of Henley upon Thames, in the County ^Ox-

ford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widen-

ing some Part of the High Sti eet and the Market Place,

for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in,

and removing Nuisances, Oljlruftions, and Annoyances

from, the said Town, so far as the fame relates to widening

some Part of the High Street and Market Place, lor light-

ing and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and

removing Nuisances, Obflrudions, and Annoyances

from, the said'Town.

80. An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and

Effcds come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of his

Majesty’s Orders in Council, of the sixteenth and twenty-

first Days of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five, and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships

and Efteds detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this

Kingdom. •.

Si. An Act to apportion the Relief by the several Statutes

now in force, directed tobe given to the Families ofNon-

commissioneu Officers, Drummers, Fifeis, and Privates,

laving in the Mifitia, between the County at large, and

the peculiar DistridL therein not contributing to the

County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving

for each in such Militia ; and to remove certain Difficul-

ties in respect 10 the Relief of Families of Substitutes,

hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia.

62.. An .Act for .inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining,

embanking, and improving, the Open and Common

Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Wastes, and

other Uninclbfed Grounds, within the Township of

Gainsburgh, in the Parish of Gabjburgh, in.the County

of Lincoln ; and also for making a Compensation for the

Tythes arising witKin the said 'i ownfnip, and within the

Lordlhipof Thcnock, in the said Parish.

S3. An Afrl for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery,

and providing Seafaring Men for the Service of the Navy,

out of the Private Men nowferving in the Militia; and

to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amend*

ing, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws re-

luting to the Militia in that Part cf Great Britain called

• England. } : '

$4. A9

j

