XXX

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 37 Geo. lit.

110. An Afor granting to His Majesty additional' Duties

of Customs on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise; and

on Pepper to be used and consumed in this Kingdom.

1J1. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional

Stamp Duty on Deeds.

11 2. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

113. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottei y.

x 14. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Hills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

(and seven hundred and ninety-seven.

115. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for

the Reduction of the National Debt. -

116. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes to

Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

117. An Act for regulating the Trade to be carried on with

the British Post'essions in India, by the Ships of Nations in

Amity with His Majesty.

118. An Act for regulating the Height between Decks of

Vessels entered outwards for the Purpose of carrying Slaves

from the Coast of Africa.

119. An Act to repeal lo much of an Act, made in the fifth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An At7 for the more eajy Recovery of

Debts in His Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America,

as makes Negroes Chattels for the Payment of Debts.

120. An Act further to continue an Act, made in thispre-

sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to JuJpend, for

a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth

and seventeenth Tears of the Reign of His present Iv'lajejly,

for refraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and In-

land Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that

Part of Great Britain called England; as revived,

amended, and continued, by a subsequent Act of this Sef-

fion, passed for the Purpose of reviving, amending, and

continuing the fame; and also for continuing such subse-

quent Act.

121. An Act to explain an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

further encouraging and regulating the Southern IVhale

Fisheries.

122. An Act for the better preventing the forging or coun-

terfeiting the Names of Witnesses to Letters of Attorney,

or other Authorities or Instruments, for the Transfer of

Stocks or Funds, which now are, or by any Act or Acts

of Parliament shall hereafter be made, transferable at the

Bank of England; or for the Transfer of any Part of the

Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of Englandcalled Bank Stock.; or for the Transfer of any

Part of the Capital Stock, or any Stocks or Funds under

the Management of the South Sea Company; or for the

Transfer of any Part of the Capital Stock of the East In-

dia Company *, or for the Receipt of Dividends upon any

of such Stocks or Funds.

1,23. An Act for more effectually preventing the admini-

ftering or taking of unlawful Oaths.

124. An Act to make perpetual an Act, passed in the fifth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act

to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

17.5. An Act for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Ex-

portation 0/ an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat

Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, or Bread, Biscuit,

or Pease, to the 1 Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney,

for the Sustenance and Ufc of the Inhabitants of the said

Blands, for a limited Time.

126. An Act to prevent the counterfeiting any Copper

Coin in this Realm, made, or to be made, current by

Proclamation, or any Foreign Gold or Silver Coin; and

to prevent the bringing into this Realm, or uttering, any

counterfeit Foreign Gold or Silver Coin.

127. An Act to shorten the Time now required forgiving

Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majest his Heirs

and Succeftbrs, that the Parliament shall meet and be

holrion for the Dispatch of Business; and more ettedtually

to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the Cafe of a

Demise of the Crown.

128 An Act for aflefting the Commissioners of the Tax

Office, and their Officers, to the Land Tax, in the Di-

strict called Offices executed in Westminster Hall; not-

- withstanding the Removal of the said Fax Office into

Somerset Place.

129. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of JVey-

mouth and Melcombe Regis, and the Parts adjacent, in the

County of Dorset, with Water.

130. An Act for discoqtinuing the new Harbour of Rye, in

the County of Sussex, and for repealing several Acts re-

lating thereto, and for providing for the Discharge of a

Debt accrued on Account thereof; and for making Re-

paration for certain Lolles; and for the Improvement of

the old Harbour of Rye. /

131. An Act for building a Bridge over BurJIedon River, at

or near the Ferry of BurJIedon, in the County of South-

ampton^ and for making a Road from the intended Bridge

over the Riv^r Itchin, at or near Northam, within the

Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of South-

ampton, to the said Bridge, and from thence to Titchfield,

in the said County of Southampton.

132. An Act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and

maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats in the County of

Ayr.

133. An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his

Collection of modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his

Gallery in Fleet Street, by way of Chance.

134. An Act for granting to His Majesty a further addi-

tional Duty on Horses kept and used for the Purpose

of Riding, or of drawing certain Carriages, therein men-

tioned. . '

135. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

Attfor repealing certain Duties on Legacies, and Shares of

Perjonal Eflute, and for granting other Duties thereon, in

certain Cafes.

136. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties

to stamp Deeds, and other Instruments, Bills of Ex-

change, Promiilory and other Notes, in the Cafes therein

mentioned.

137. An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Sef-

lien of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue

for a limited Time, and amend an Att, passed in the present

Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act to allow the

4 Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of

4 Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums

4 under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for

1 indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes forfmall

4 Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom,* for

a limited Time*

ES8 138. An

