C.89,90* ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1797.

f ; CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of His late Majesty

• C*p. 31. King George the Second intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low

Grounds in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant

Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the JVcft by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter

Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands ^/'Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs.

and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford

Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands, so

far as relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds'lying in the first District described in the

said Act; and also, to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign

+ Cap. 10. of His present Majesty f, for amending and rendering more effectual the said first recited Act.

[ i$th June 1797.]

CAP. XC.

pojtf Cap.

136. as.to reme-

dying wring

Stamps. J

\

From July 5,

lowing addi-

tional Stamp '

Duties to be

paid :

On Admission

into a Corpora-

tien or Com-

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on,the several Matters therein

mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by

Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Jwftice in Great

Britain.—[22d June 1797.] 4

• 4 Moss Gracious Sovereign, • * •'*{ ; v JSjf!

4 \ X 7E, your Majesty's moss dutiful and loyal Suhjcds the Commons of Great Britain in "Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Public Expences, and

4 making such permanent Addition to the Public Revenue as shall be adequate to the increased Charge oc»

4 cartoned by any Loan to be raised, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose

4 to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

4 Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do moss humbly beseech your Majesty that ir may be

4 enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s moss excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great

Britain, upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece ofvPaper, on which any of

the several Matters hereinafter mentioned shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand leven

hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed, printed, or written, the respective Stamp Duties following; that

is to say,

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of any Admission into any Corporation or Company in the Court

Book, Roll, or Record, of such Corporation or Company, the Sum of four Shillings:

pany,

Jhns of Court,

or Inns of Chancery>

Any Admission into any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, the Sum of four Pounds:

Four Inns of

Court,

I r

and on Admis-

fson of a Fellow

of the College of

f*hylicians,or of

an Attorney, Arc.

in any Court.

Asrceincnts.

Awards.

beneficial War-

rants, 8cc.

Bills of Ex-

change, Sec.

payable on

Demand.

[For Stamps on

Notes, fee pojt)

p. 571.J

Brils of Ex-

clunje, ScC,

Any Admission into any of the four Inns of Court, the further Sum of four Pounds and two Shillings over

and above the said last mentioned Sum of four Pounds :

Any Admittance, or Instrument for admitting, of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any At-

torney, Clerk, Advocate, Prodlor, Notary, or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in Great Bri-

tainy (not being an Annual Officer in the Court of any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Of-

fice is under the Value of ten Pounds per Annum in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites,) the Sum of eight

Pounds:

Any Agreement for which the Stamp Duties of six Shillings and of one Shilling are charged by two

Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Sum of three

Shillings: '• . . * f

Any Award, the Sum of five Shillings:

Any beneficial Warrant or Order under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the

Sum of twelve Shillings and Sixpence: , ,

Any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand, for which any Stamp

Duty is charged by an Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, where the Sum ex-

pressed therein shall amount to forty Shillings and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, the Sum of

one Penny; and where such Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings and shall not exceed thirty

Pounds, the Sum of Two-pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds and shall not exceed fifty

Pounds, the Sum of Three-pence ; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds and shall not exceed one

hundred Pounds, the Sum of Four-pence ; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds and shall

not exceed two hundred Pounds, the Sum of Sixpence: * . X

Any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Older, payable otherwise than on Demand, where the Sum expressed

therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, the

T \ ' ' ' ir dUOfc

t

