760

v

t{- 9-

If any Person

redding or being

in Great Britain

shal! there or

elsewhere du-

ring the War,

make, or pro-

cure to be made,

any Advance for

the Purchase of

any Debt due to

any Govern-

ment in Swit-

zerland, Sec. he

shall forfeit

. jooool. and Tre-

ble the Value of

the Advance.

All Contrails

touching/uch

Debts, &c. to be

void.

Any Person ne-

gotiating such

Dealing, to for-

feit .500 L

Recovery of Pe-

nal tics.

3. 45.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III

A.D. 179 8.

> .. CAP. XLV.

\n Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from

advancing Money or Eftedts for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to any

of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any

Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of

an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, more

effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all

Traitorous” Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty’s

Enemies, to Switzerland; and also the Provisions of an A«5t, made in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty f, for preventing Money or Effects in the

Hands of his Majesty’s Subjects, belonging to, or disposeabie by, any Persons refidenc

in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government

in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Own-

ers thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising

the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places,

under their Government.—[10th May 1798. j %

« \ x 7 HEREAS it is expedient to prevent Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing

‘ Money or Effeits for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing to any of the Governments

‘ in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, during the present War,

‘ without Licence first obtained for that Purpose Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person residing or being

in Great Britain during the said War, knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, shall make,

or agree to make, or cause or procure to be made, any Advance of Money whatlocver, or of Goods, Mer-

chandize, or Effects, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, to any of such Governments, or Body Politic

or Corporate, or any Persons or Person whomsoever therein, or shall accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate,

or agree to accept, pay, indorse, or negotiate, or cause or procure to be accepted, paid, tndorled, or ne-

gotiated, or shall guarantee or agree to be Security for the Payment of any Bill of Exchange, or other Bnl,

Note, or Security for Money, for or in Consideration of any Purchase or Transfer of any Debt or Deals,

or of any Share or Interest in any Debt or Debts, due or owing to any of the said Governments, or of any

Territories or Places now dependent thereon, or under the Government of any of them, or due or owing

to any Persons or Person residing or being within any of the said Governments, Territories, or Places, or

for or in Consideration of or upon the Security or Credit of any such Debt or Debts, or shall knowingly

and wilfully, in any Manner whatsoever, purchase, or agree to purchase, or become entitled to or interred

in, for valuable Consideration, or by way of Security or Indemnity, any such Debt or Debts, or any Parts

or Part of any such Debt or Debts, every Person so offending shall, (hr every such Offence, forfeit the bum

of one thousand Pounds, and also Treble the Amount or Value of the Money, Goods, Merchandize,

Eftefls, or valuable Thing, so advanced, or agreed to be advanced, as aforesaid, or of such Bill of tx-

change, or other Bill, Note, or Security for Money, with respea to which any such Dealing shall be had

as aforesaid. _ , . , , .

II. And be it further enacted, That all Contrasts and Agreements whatsoever touching or concerning

any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, or any Parts or Part of any such Debt or Debts, or touching any

Money or other valuable Consideration advanced, or to be advanced, for or in respea of any such Debt or

Debts, or for or in respea of any Goods, Merchandize, Effeas, or other valuable Thing fold, or agreed

to be sold, or for or in respea of any Bills of Exchange, or other Bills, Notes, or Securities, drawn, ac-

cepted, indorsed, negotiated, given, or executed, in Consideration thereof, or by way of Security, In-

demnity, or otherwise, for or concerning the fame, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes what-

HI." And be it further enaaed. That if any Broker, or other Person residing or being in Great Britain

shall knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elsewhere, negotiate or transaa, for Commission or

otherwise, any Dealing prohibited by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum ot five hun-

dred Pounds to any Person who wilt sue for the same. , _ , . , .___.

IV. And be it further enaaed. That all and every the Penalties and forfeitures aforesaid shall and may

be recovered, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng, by Aaion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Informa-

tien, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or by Information or Bill in Eqmty; and

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Aaion or summary Bill or Information in the Courts ot

Session or Exchequer in Scotland-, and to any such Information or Bill in Equity the Party or Parties against

whom the fame shall be exhibited, shall be obliged and compelled to answer upon Oath for Discovery ot

luC

