5°4

C. 23

Anno triceflmo leptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

for that Purpose,

and are requir-

, as soon after

passing this Act

as convenient,

to meet to exe-

cute the fame.

Mode of ap

peaJing.

"Meetings for

hearing Appeals

£0 be appointed

when neccflfary.

Determination

at such Meet-

ings to be final.

Lifts, 8cc. may

Jbe amended, and

a fresh Ballot

taken.

<?lasses not to

be amended but

in certain Cafesj

nor any frclh

Ballot to take

.place.

Subdivision

Meetings may

complete

Classes from

which Names

shall have been

struck out, by

inserting Names

omitted, &c.

them, at any other Time or Times, and from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion ; and they are

hereby authorized and required, as loon after the passing of this Act as shall be convenient, to meet at such

Time or Tunes as they shall think fit, and execute the fame at any Meeting or Meetings, to be held in pur-

fuance of seven Days previous Notice, to be given in the Manner diredleo by the said Act, or by Adjourn*

ment, as the Cafe may require, foas the said Act may be fully executed ; and all Meetings and Acts of the

laid Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the

Peace hi any fuclv Subdivision, which have been already had pursuant (in all other Respects) to the Direc-

tiens of the said Act, or which shall hereafter be had under the Authority given by this Act, shall be deemed

and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding such former Omif-

fion or Defeat.

VI]I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whose Name shall be inserted in any List or Clafe

made out in pursuance of the said Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved thereby, and shall claim to be

exempted from the Service mentioned therein, it shall be lawful for such Person, and he or she is hereby re*

qutred, in every Cafe where no Ballot (lull have taken place, to appeal to the Subdivision Meeting ap-

pointed to be held for the Purpose of taking the Ballot to be made for such Class, and before such Ballot

shall take place, and that where such Ballot shall have taken place before the passing of this Act, then to ap-

peal to the next Subdivision Meeting for hearing such Appeals to be held by rhe Appointment of two or

more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or of one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, or by Ad-

journment, which Meetings the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices respectively are hereby authorized

and required, whenever there shall be Occasion, to appoint, at any Time after the eighth Day of January

unless a Meeting shall be held by Adjournment on a convenient Day within the Time before limited ; and

any two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace,

are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and the Determination of the

said Deputy Lieutenants, or any twq or more of them there aflbrnbled, or the major Part of them, or one

Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace there assembled, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes;

and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively shall, after hearing any such Appeal,

direct, as the Cafe shall require, the Lifts, and also the Classes in all Cafes where any Exemption shaft be

allowed in any Class, to be amended; and if there shall be Occasion, a fresh Ballot to be taken ; and shall

and may from Time to Time adjourn their Meetings, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending

of the Lifts and making the new Classes, and taking a fresh Ballot, as often as may be neccflfary for carrying

the Purposes of the said Act of the present Session into Execution.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Amendment shall be made in any Class, unless

the Name of some Person or Persons inserted therein shall have been struck out, or the Number of Horles,

Mares, or Geldings inserted therein shall have been altered by the Order of two Deputy Lieutenants, or one

Deputy Lieutenant and one justice of the Peace ; and that no fresh Ballot shall take place until such Class

shall be amended by the Insertion of the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons therein, and so as

to make up the due Number of Horses, Mares, and Geldings required to be inserted therein : Provided also,

that in order to fill up any Class or Claftes from which the Name or Names of any Person or Personslhall

have been struck out, it shall be lawful for two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy

Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, at any Subdivision Meeting, whenever the Name of any Person

charged to the faiJ Duties on Horses who ought to be clall' shall have been omitted, to cause the fame to

be inierted in any such defective Class, in order to complete such Class, or if it shall be expedient, then to

distribute the Persons compoling any entire Class or Claftes amongst the said defective Claftes, in such Man-

ner as to complete the same, and so from Time to Time to alter, vary, or amend such Claftes, as often as

shall be necessary, until all such Claftes shall be completed, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said

Act of the present Section of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieute-

nants, or for three Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding,

or Division, where a Ballot shall have taken place before the passing of this A61, if they respectively shall fee

Occasion, to amend the Claftes in various Instances, to direct the Formation of the Classes throughout any

Subdivision of such County, Riding, or Division, where such Instances occur, anew, and to proceed to ballot

thereupon as if no such former Ballot had been made.

General Meet-

ings may,

where a Ballot

has taken place

Kfore passing

this AOf riircft

new dalles to

be formed and a fresh Ballot to be made.

• X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to

authorize or require the respective Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, to annul or

set aside any of their Proceedings respecting any Clals or Classes of Persons already made, or any Appoint-

ment or Appointments, or Ballot, already had, unless in their Judgment the fame shall appear to be necef-

fary and expedient, for the Purpose of completing such of the said Classes from which any Names of Persons,

or any Enumeration of Mares or Geldings, have been struck out upon Appeal as aforesaid, or other wise, »n

pursuance of the Directions of this Act. >■ \

Deputy Lieute-

nants, Sec. not

so annul Pro-

ceedings re-

spefting dalles

already made,

&c. unless for

completing such

as have been altered on Appeal, Sec.

The Number of

Horses. in any

Assessment

made after

XL And be it further enacted, 7'hat the Number of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, included in any Atll’lT-

ment or Afleftments made after the fifth Day of jlprilone thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be

made, to any of the Duties granted by the Acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-fourth Years

7 y r i T

