D.1796

tricesimo sexto

C. 9

389

His Majesty

within twelve

Months from

patting this Act

may draw out

the Militia;

and when drawn

out to he en-

titled to the

fame Fay as

other Regi-

ments of Footj

and the Non-

cortmittioned

When drawn

out, his Majilty

may put one

Regiment under

the Command

Of General Of-

ficers, to be led

to a certain D.f-

tance.

Commissioners

may appoint an

Agent.

Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of

the Army and the'r Quarters, and such Ad: shall be in Force with respect to the said Militia, and shall ex-

tend to all the Officers, Non-commissipncd Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men, in all Cafes

whatsoever. ! .

XXXVIII. And whereas the Militia of this Kingdom is now drawn out and embodied,’ be k therefore

further enacted, 'That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, at

any Time within twelve Calendar Months from and after the puffing of this A<£t, to draw out and embody

the said Militia of the City of London, or such Part thereof as his Majesty shall in his Wisdom judge necef-

fcry, iubjc& to the Restrictions and Regulations herein-after directed; and from the Time of their being so

drawn out and embodied, and until they shall by his Majesty’s Orders be disembodied, the Officers, Non-

com mi ffioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Piivaie Men of the said Militia, shall be subject and li-

able to the fame Penalties as are herein-before directed in other Cafes when the said Militia shall be embodied.

XXXIX. And be it further emdbd, That, from the Date of his Majesty’s Warrant so; the embodying

and drawing out the said Militia into actual Service, and until they shall be disembodied by his Majesty's

Orders, the Officers, Non commissioned Officers, and Private Men of the fame, shall be entitled to the

fame Pay as the Officers, Non-com mi ffioned Officers, and Private Men of his Majesty *s other Regiments

of Foot receive, and no other; and if any No;i-commissioned Officer or Private Man cf che said Militia

shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit oCbelfea Hospital

with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to*any of his Majesty’s Forces.

Officers and Privates to Chslfca Hospital:

k # . m £ - a

1 'mmm,) # .1

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be drawn out and embodied as afore-

said, i-t shall be lawful for his Majesty to put one Regiment of the said Militia under the Command of such

General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Regiment to be led, by its

respective Officers, for the repelling and preventing of any Invasion, and for the Suppression of any Re-

bellion or Infur region, to any Place not exceeding the Distance of twelve Miles from the said City, or to

the ne a re ft Place of Encampment beyond the said Distance of twelve Miles; and the other Regiment shall

remain in the City of London, or the Liberties or Suburbs thereof, for the Defence of the said City and Li-

berties and Suburbs.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Militia shall be embodied or drawn out into actual

Service, and during the l ime they shall continue in actual Service, the said Commissioners may appoint an

Agent to the said Militia, and the said Commissioners shall take Security from such Agent.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man, being sworn in and inrolled, and every Ser-

jeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Fifer, raised by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said two several

Adb, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better order-

ing the said Militia, shall be subject to every Clause, Provision, Matter, and Thing, contained in the said

Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ari for amending andjre-

during into one Act of Parliament the Lous relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

land, as far as relates to the Penalties and Punishments of Militia Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drum-

mers, for not attending the Annual Exercise, for deferring during it, for notappearing when ordered to be

embodied, for inlisting into the Army, or offering so to inlist, or inlisting into any other Militia; or for

felling or pawning their Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloaths, or neglectingor refusing to return them in good

Order, and shall be proceeded against in Manner directed by the said Act; and all Provisions and Directions

in the said Act, for the Apprehension and Pursuit of Deserters, shall be deemed to extend to this Act, and

the said Militia Men shall be entitled to the fame Bounty, when ordered to march to any Encampment, by

His Majesty Orders, as is granted by the said Act to other Militias, on being marched out of their respective

Counties; and every Person having served in the said Militia, when embodied and drawn out into actual

Service, being a married Man, may let up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place in Great Britain,

as directed by the said Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, 'That when the said Militia, or any Part thereof, having been so em-

bodied and drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again disembodied, and the Officers and Pri-

vate Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Of-

ficers, Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subject only to the fame Orders, Directions, and Engage-

ments as they are made subject to under this Act, before being so embodied and drawn out into actual Ser-

vice as aforesaid. 4 . ,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Tro-

ph es, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to raise

and levy in every Year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou -

sand seven hundred and ninety-five, the Proportion of one Month’s Tax, amounting to four thousand fix

hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, which the said City hath been uled to pay,

by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thuteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late

Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this

Kingdom, and the said Comtjiissioners Dull be accountable for the fame, and in Addition thereto the Re-

ceiver General of the Land Tax for the said City shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually to

the Treasurers appointed by the said Commissioners, upon his producing an Order of the Court cf Lieu-

tenancy for that Purpose, signed by nine Commissioners, so much Money as Dull be necessary, in Aid of

the Trophy Tax, towards the Expence cf training, exeiciling, paying, employing, and keeping in Rea-

15 dinels.

Militia Men

fubji& to 26

Geo. III. Cap.

107. as lor as

relates to Pe-

nalties lor not

attending An-

nual Exercise,

for ikfcrting,.

Married Militia

Men may setup

in any Part of.

Great Britain.

Militia when

d; fembodied

liable only to

the Orders they

were subject tos

before drawn

out*

How the Pay,

&c. of the Mi-

litia is to be de-

frayed.

