884

C.89.

Anno tricesimo o<ftavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1798.

longing to a Salt

Refinery or Salt

Work, without

a Permit, to be

forfeited, with

Ships, &c. and

the Persons.

concerned to

forfeit jool.

If any Refiner

shall remove

from his Prc-

mises, ordispose

of Rock Sait in

its native State,

except for melt-

ing at his own

Works, it shall

l»e forfeited.

Penalty for so

removing or.dif-

posing of- it.

Scales and

Weights to be

kept at Salt

Mines, &ec. for

the Use of the

Excise Officers.

Penalty of 100L

ior not provide

fog them, of not

firflfering the

Officers to use

them, or using

t»l(c ones, &c,.

Makers of Salt,

&c.toaffi(l with

their Servants

the Excise Offi-

cers in weighing

Salt,“on Penalty

of iccl.

ihit, granted and obtained under and according to the Directions- of this Act, then and in such Cafe all such

Rock Saltfo found removing, or which shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the

Packages containing the fame, and Ships, Flats, Barges, Boats and other Vessels, Waggons, Carts,or other

Carriages,’and also the]Horses and Cattle used and employed in removing the fame, and the fame respectively

shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person and Persons employed or

concerned in removing,' delivering, or knowingly receiving the fame without such Permit as afotdaid, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, i ',v : w

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall remove, fend, or

carry away from his, her, or their entered Premises, or dispose of any Rock Salt in its native unrefined State,

except for the Purpose of melting at and for the Use of his, her, or their own Works, or shall knowingly

suffer any Rock Salt to be removed, carried, or sent away, or otherwise disposed of, contrary to the true In-

tent and Meaning of this Act, such Refiner or Refiners shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the said Rock

Salt so removed, carried, sent away, or disposed of, together with the Packages containing the fame, and

the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise ; and such

Refiner or Refiners, or the Person or Persons who shall so remove, carry, fend away, or dispose of any such

Rock Salt as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, over and befulesthe For-

feiture of the said Rock Salt, forfeit andlofe the Sum of forty Shillings for every Pound Weight thereof, or

the Sum of one hundred Pounds, at the Election of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or the Person or Per-

fons who shall sue for the same. ;

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of

Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, or of any Export or

Import Warehouse as aforesaid, shall, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby required to provide and keep

proper, sufficient, and just Scales and Weights at each and every Salt Mine, Sale Pit, Salt Refinery, Salt

Work, and Export and Import Warehouse respectively, to him, her, or them belonging, for the Purposecf

weighing and taking an Account of the Salt and Rock Salt respectively, which shall at any Time be in the

Custody or Possessionof any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, and

shall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame ; and if any such Maker or Makers,

Refiner or Refiners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such Scales and

Weights, or either of them^ or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame, or

if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall, in the weighing of any

such Salt or Rock Salt, make use of, or cause or procure, or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, or

inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall use or practise any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any such

Officer or Officers shall be or may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight, and af-

certaining the true Quantity of any such Salt or Rock Salt, such Maker or iMakers, Refiner or Refiners, or

Proprietor or Proprietors, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together

with all such false, unjust, or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the fame (hull and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise. -

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, or Refiner or Refiners of

Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, Salt Work,-or Export or Import

Warehouse, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by the proper Officer of

Excise, with a sufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his, her, or

their Power, such Officer or Officers in weighing of his, her, or their Salt, or Rock Salt, on Pain of forfeit-

ing, for every Neglect or Refusal so to do, the Sum of one hundred Pounds. ► \

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take, remove, or carry away, or hide

or conceal any Salt, or Rock Salt, with Intent to evade the Duty by this Act imposed, every Person so of-

fending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds ; and all the Salt, or Rock Salt, so taken, removed, carried

away, hid, or concealed, and also the Package containing the fame,*shall be forfeited, and the same respect-

ively shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

If ary Person

Ihali remove or

conceal any Salt

to evade the

Duty, he shall

forfeit 50I. and

the Salt shall be forfeited.

To ascertain the

Quantity of Salt

or Rock Salt by

the Officer, not

kfs than two

Buflicls shall he

weighed, except

where the

"Whole to be,de-

shall be less. Allowance to be made for Turn of the Scale.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Officer or Officers of Excise is or are au-

thorized, empowered, or required to ascertain the Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, by Weight, no less

Quantity of such Salt, or Rock Salt, shall be weighed at one Draught than two Bufbels, save and except in

any Cafe where the whole Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, to be delivered at any one Time* shall be Ids

than two Bushels; and every such Officer or Officers, on weighing any Salt, or Rock Salt, (ha!! give the

Turn of the Scale in Favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof shall make an Allowance at and after the

Rate of Half a Pound Weight in every two Buflicls of such Salt, or Rock Salt.

Officers of the

Customs or Ex-

cite may feiae

S.Ut or Rock

Salt, found in

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Cuf-

tomsor Excise to seize any Quantity of Salt, or Rock Salt, together with the Package containing the fame,

that shall be found in any Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart, or other

Carriage whatsoever, or loaded on any Horse, or which shall be lodged or concealed in any House, Out-.

' ’ " " houfr,

■ t*

