C. in.

A.D. 1796. Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

the Service or Employ of the Master or Mistress Paper Maker in whose Service they may be employed, or

if any Person or Persons shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or make or enter into any Subscriptiou or

Contribution whatsoever for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Com-

bination, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of

his Majesty’s justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or

PI ice wherein such OiFence shall be committed, on the Oath cf one or more credible Witness or

Wimefles. (h?ll for every such Offence be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corrosion for such

County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, ToWntor Place, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices,

there to be and remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar

Months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall

or nny offend against rhis Act, shall and may, eqdally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled

to g.r:, an 1 shall g vc his or her Tettimony and Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses, upon any Informa-

tien to be exhibited under this Acton Behalf of the Prosecutor or Informer; and that in all and every such

Cdc, he, (h?, or they f) having given such Tettimony or Evidence, shall be, and hereby is and are indem-

nified of, from, and against, aiy information to be laid or Prosecution to b: commenced agiintt him, her,

or them, for having of Fen led, in the Muter wherein such Prosecution or Information, in or relative to which

he, she, or they (hill so give Tettimony or Evidence, was mad? or brought.

VIL And, for the more ctteStually enforcing the Purposes cf tlvs Act, be it further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That on Complaint being made on Oath to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any

Offence committed against this Act wi bin his or their respective J arifdiftions, such Justice or Justices is and

arc hereby required and authorized to lilac his or their Summons, to (umuion the Person or Persons charged

w th being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, and also to summon any Witness or Witnesses for

any of the Partier, at a certain Time ani Place in such Sumrmns to be specified; and if any one so Turn-

moned shall n >t appear on such Summons, or offer foine reasonable Excuse for the Default, then any such

Justice or Justices shall ittue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party so making De-

fault, within the Jurisdict 01 of any such Justice or Justices, and upon the Party or Parties complained against

appearing, or being brought before any such Justice or Justices on his or their Warrant or Warrants, or in

cale the Party or Parties complained against shall not appear to such Summons, being served upon him, her,

or them, or left for him, her, or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, and Proof (lull be made thereof

by Oath before any such Justice or Justices, then every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized

and required to proceed to make Inqu:ry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the

fa me, by th? Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons as shall be requilite, and to hear and deter-

mine the Matter of every such Complaint, and upon ConfeiEon of the Party, or Proof by one credible Wit-

nefs upon Oath, to commit or acquit the Paity or Parties against whom Complaint shall be made; and if

any Person or Persons so sum noned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaiu, shall not appear at the

Time and Place appointed by such Summons, and give his, her, or their Evidence or Evidences before him

or them, then and in every such Cafe every such Justice or Justices shall and may ifl’ue his or their War-

rant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, for the Commitment of such Person

tofome Prison in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Witness or

\Vitneffcs shall so make Default, there to remain until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, herlelf, or

themselves to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid.

VIII- And b. it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom

any Person shall l;e convicted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be

drawn up in the Form or to the Effect fallowing; (that is to say,)

t

tjE it remembered, That on this ----- Day of in the Year of his Majesty’s Reign, A. B.

is convict d before-----of his Mnjetty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of — —

[$r, for the Riding , or Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, ns the Cafe shall happen to be) for -,

t and ----- the said-----do hereby order and adjudge him [or her] to be committed to the House of

4 Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of -----, or until he or she shall submit to be exa-

4 mined, as the Cafe may be, without Bail or Mainprize. Given under ----- the Day and Year

4 -a o cfaid.” . ‘

lie may I*com*

mitted forty-#

Month*.

Offence is

against this

to be admitted

Evidence.

Jyrtices cm*

powered to

summon Of-

fender*, and to

hear and deter*

mine*

The Form of

Conviction.

And the G d Justice or Justices before whom such a Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn

up in the Form or to the Effedtaforesaid, to b? fairly written upon Parchment, and rranfmitted to the n.xt

ijeneral Quarter ScdioRS of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town,

or Place, wherein such Conviction was lud, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General

(Quarter S:fljons; and in case any Person or Per'ons so convicted shall appeal in Manner herein-after mcn-

rionedfrom the JuJg'ncmof the said Justice or Justices to the said General Quarter S/ffians, the Justices in

lech General Quarter Sc/fions are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the

Form afore Lid, 10 proceed to the Hearing aid Determination of the Matter of the salt! Appeal, accord-

ing to the Directions of this Act, any Lav.-, Cuttum, or Ufag;, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no

Cfrtitrari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in purfuunce of this

Act ‘ k 1 >

tfourzdJ by

3

F 2

upon

.if IK

the

