542

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties and

Forfeitures.

Powers of for-

mer Acts ex-

tended to this

Act.

Limitation of

Actions against

Persons execut-

ing this Act in

England or Ber-

wick.

Treble Costs to

Defendants.

Mode of Pro-

ceeding in Ac-

tiens brought io

Scotland.

Limitation of

Actions under

this or former

Acts in Scot-

land.

Public Act.

C. 48. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. *797*

Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Shores beyond the

fame ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And ba it further enabled, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, the Mode

of Recovery whereof is not by this Act otherwise particularly provided, maybe levied and recovered by Distress

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace

within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds and

Liberties thereof, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or Sheriff Depute within that

Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place where the Offender or Of-

fenders shall be cr reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one

or mote Witness or Witr.effes, by Warrantor Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of

such Justice or Justices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or

the Bounds and Limits thereof, or by Warrant or W arrants in due Form of Law of such Justices and Sheriff

Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland {all which Warrants such Justices and Sheriff Depute

are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or Oaths); and the Penalties and

Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid, shall from Time to Time be applied, one Moiety to the In-

former or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place

where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or

Place, and the Overplus remaining (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges

attending the levying and recovering thereof are deduced, shall, on Demand, be^ returned to the Owner or

Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained ; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such

Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid in four Days after such Distress, that then it shall be lawful for such

Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, and he and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to

commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not

exceeding six Calendar Months, or less than three Calendar Months, as the said Justice or Justices and She-

riff Depute, upon Consideration of the Circumstances, shall think fit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities contained in the said two

former Acts, and not altered by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend, and shall extend to this Act,

as fully and cffedlually as if the fame were herein again repeated and re-enacted, and that nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be taken, deemed, or construed to extend, to set aside or repeal any Penalties itn-

posed by the said former Acts, for Offences committed against the said former Acts or either of them.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Per-

son or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain

called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after fourteen

Days Notice thereof, in Writing, fhrall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be

intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the

Cause of such Action ; and that every Action brought for any Thing done or to be done as aforesaid, shall be

brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and be laid

and tried in the County or Place where the Fadl was committed and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or

Defendants therein may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at

any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof; and if on the Trial of such

Action, it shall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration of fourteen Days next after such

Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid,or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the

Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than

as aforesaid, or after sufficient 'Fender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that

then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all

Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or

Plaintiff's shall discontinue the fame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be non-

suited, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the fame as

Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cafes by Law.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Prosecution for any Offence or Offences against

this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall he by way of summary Petition or Complaint to

one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to the Sheriff Depute for the County where such Offence or

Offences are committed, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and whose Judgment

shall be final to all Intents and Purposes. v

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Persons or Persons for any

Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former Acts, made in the eleventh

and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, within that Prfrt of Great Britain called Scotlandy unless such

Action shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint

shall arise; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or act'oilfed from the Action,

shall have and be entitled to their full Costs of Suit. V.pfTV

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall

be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially

pleading the same. 1(6 * ,

CAP

