672

C. 142. Anno tricesimo feptimo Georgu III. A.D. 1797*

Not more than

20c ol pet

Ann. to be so

pud to any

Chief Justice,

nor more than

1500I. per

Ann. to any

other Juclp.e,

nor to any that

has not refilled

.............................................................., I • i . l.i f K j

IV. 4 And whereas, by the Charter of Justice granted by his Majesty, under the Authority of the herein-

before recited Act, pafird in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the fafd Supreme Court of

Judicature was directed and required to reduce, or cause to be reduced, to Writing, the Depositions

of Witnesses in civil causes, and was directed to require the fame to be subscribed by such Witnesses, with

their Name or other Mark, and to file the fame of Record: And whereas by the said Charter of Justice

it was also directed that no Appeal should be allowed from the said Supreme Coutt of Judicature, unless the

t t h /r I x / 1^1 f ^ J 1 C t H ^ I l ^ 1 1 'M ^ 1 •

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorize

the Payment of any larger Sum for the Use and Behoof of any Chief Justice so returning as aforesaid, than

the Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum, or of any other Judge, than the Sum of one thousand five

hundred Pounds per Annum ; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty to authoiize the Payment cf any Sum

whatever to any Person who has not resided in India as Judge of the said Supreme Coutt fur the Space of

(even Years; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to authorize the Payment of

any Sum which, with the Sums already directed and authorized to be paid, at the Date of such Grant,

{hall, in the Whole, exceed the Amount of the Salary now paid to one of the Puisne Judges of the said Su-

preme Court. . v 'V *#*•.

in India a» a Judge for seven Years, Sec,

The Supreme

Court, where

the fylattci in

Dispute dees not

exceed 1000

Pagodas, may

__________ _______

tiens to be filed Value of the Matters in Dispute exceed the Sum of one thousand Pagodas: And whereas the requiring

ot^Record, or i Depositions of Witnesses to be reducedinto Writing, and filed of Record, is produdlive of much Ex-

4 pence and Delay in small causes, where the Value of the Matter in Dispute does not exceed one thousand

4 Pagodas, and which, for that Reason, cannot be made the Subject of Appeal;' be it therefore enacted.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be in the Discretion of the said Supreme Court, in all

Cafes when the Value of the Matter in Difnute does not exceed one thousand Pagodas, eirher to dircdl the

Deposition of Witnesses to be reduced inra Writing, and filed of Record, or not, as the said Court shall

*, think fit, in the particular Cafe ; any Thing in the said Charter of Justice contained to the contrary not*

withstanding. v ^ . n] T jflL S

V. 4 And whereas, by the said hereinbefore recited Act, it was enacted, that his Majesty might, by

4 Charter or Letters Patent, establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, in the

4 Manner, and with the Powers in the said Act mentioned; and it was also enacted, that the Supreme

4 Court so to be erected should have Power to appoint Clerks and other Minifierial Officers, with such rea-

sonable Salaries as should be approved of by the Governor General and Council: And whereas his Ma-

4 jesty did ifiuc his Royal Letters Patent, for erecting a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in

4 Bengal; and, among other Things, Power was given to the said Supreme Court, from 7’ime to Time,

4 as Occasion should require, to appoint such Clerks and Ministers as should be necessary for the Admmi-

4 ilration of Justice, and the Execution of the Authorities granted to the Court, which said Officers and

4 Clerks were to receive such reasonable Salaries as the said Supreme Court should appoint for each Office and

4 Place respectively, and as the Governor General and Council should approve: And whereas the said Supreme

4 Court did appoint certain Clerks and Ministers, with Salaries, which were approved of by the Governor

4 General and Council: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether the said Salaries so appointed and ap-

4 proved of as aforesaid, can be reduced or altered, or any of the said Offices abolished or supprdTed, with-

4 out the Authority of Parliament: And whereas the Salaries paid by the East India Company to the Clerks

4 and Ministers of the Supreme Court amount to a large Sum, and yet nevertheless the said Clerks and

4 Ministers have, and do receive. Fees for all Business done by them in the said Court: And whereas it

may be expedient that the said Salaries should be reviewed, and that Power should be given to aiter the

4 1‘ame if necessary ;’ be it therefore enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors

of the United Company of Meichants trading to India to direct the Chief Justice of the said Supreme

Gourt to issue ? Precept or Order, directed to all and each of the Officers, Cltik, and Ministers of the

Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, calling upon them and each of them to make a

Return upon Oath, which Oath the said Chief fufiice, or any of the Judges of the said Supreme Court,

are hereby empowered and required to administer, of the Amount of the Salary received by such Officer

and Officers, and also a List of the Fees to which he or they are entitled, together with the Amount of the

same, which have been received by such Officer for t’ne.tnrce Years next immediately preceding tile Date cf

the said Precept or Order.

VI, And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clerk, Officer, and Minister cf

the said Supreme Court, shall pay due Obedience to the said Order or Precept, and make a- tiue Return

to the fame within twenty Days next after the Date of the fame ; and if any such Officer, Minister, or

e guilty of making a false Return, or shall not set forth in the fame the full Amount of the

The Court of

Directors may

direct the Chief

Justice to issue

a Precept to the

Officers of the

Supreme Court,

to make a Re-

turn, on Oath,

of their Salaiies

at.d fees.

Officers of the

Court to make

a Return 10 the

Precept in 20

Days, and for

ihakifig a false

Return to for-

feit the ir Offices.

Judges to take

Returns into

Confidwration,

and report to

the Governor

General in

Clerk shall be . ____...__________ ____

Salary, Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments wffiich he shall have received for the last three Years, and each

or any Part of the same during which he shall have been ill Office; then and in such Cafe such Officer

shall, upon being duly convicted thereof, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any

Office in the said Supreme Court, or in the Service of the said United Company. . 8*

Vll. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Justice and other Judges of the said Supreme Court

shall, as soon as they conveniently can after the Receipt of the said Returns, take the fame into th( ir Con-

sideratiom, and report to the Governor General in Council, under their Hands and Seals, u*i ch of the

said Offices are, in their Opinion, proper to be continued, and what is the propel* Salary to be allow', 1 to

each of the fame, and whether any Retrenchment can, with Propriety, be made therein, with their Reasons

’ ? for

