136

Justices may

summon Hack-

ney Coachmen

and Chairmen.

Inspectprs of

Weights and

Measures to be

anointed.

Thfptftor’s

Oath.

Penalty on Per-

sons refufine to

ftrve as Infpcc-

lors

Inspector* of

Weights ap-

pointed by the

Act of the tenth

to have the fame

Powers.

C. 73. Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1795.

within the Limits aforesaid; and if any Hackney Coachman or Hackney Chairman shal! not comply with

such Regulations, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum often Shillings for every such Offence.

XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case and when and so often as

any Complaint shall be made to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Li-

berty of Westmbifler, as the Cafe may be, touching any Offence or Offences punishable by or under this

Ad, to be committed within the Limits aforesaid, by any Person or Persons being the lVIafter or Driver, or

Masters or Drivers, of any Hackney Coach or Hackney Coaches, or Chairman or Chairmen of any Hack-

ney Chair or Chairs, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or either of them, to ili'ue a

Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, requiring such Person or Persons, against whom

any such Complaint shall be made, to attend the said Justice or Justices at such Time and Place as either he

or they shall appoint, in order to answer such Complaint; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Jul-

tice or Justices, upon the Appearance before him of such Person or Persons so complained of, being a Master

or Driver, or Masters or Drivers, of any Hackney Coach or Hackney Coaches, or Chairman or Chairmen

of any Hackney Chair or Chairs, to hear and determine the Matter cf Complaint, and to convict or acquit

the same Person or Persons of the Offence or Offences so complained of; and that if any such Person or Per-

fons, being such Master or Driver, or Masters or Drivers, or Chairman or Chairmen of any Hackney

Chair or Chairs, and against whom any such Complaint shall be made, shall, after two Days Notice to at-

tend as aforesaid served upon him, her, or them, relufe or neglect to attend the said Justice or Justices at the

Time or Place for which the same Person or Persons shall in such Warrant have Notice to attend, every such

Person or Persons so offending shall, upon the Oath ot one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which

Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer,) forfeitand pay, (or every

such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

44 Names of Streets to be affixed up, and Houses numbered. Penalty on defacing the Numbers, &c. Pe-

“ nalty on Owners not restoring Numbers, footways to be swept once a Day. No Swine to be bred,

44 fed, or kept, near the Houses, or suffered to go about the Streets. Search may be made for the fame, and

“ Sale made thereof. Veftrymfcn may direct the Streets to becleanfed. Duftmen to ring a Bell. Ashes

44 not to be taken away by any Person but the Contrador for cleansing. Times ot emptying Bog

“Houses.” ' v IP n

CV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Vestrymen, and they are hereby required, at any Meeting on or before the first Day of April in

every succeeding Year, to make a List in Writing of a sufficient Number of Householders residing within

the said Parish of Saint Alary-le-boncy whom they the said Vestrymen shall think tidy qualified for serving

the Office of Infpcdors of Balances, Weights, and Measures, and such Vestrymen shall direct and order

their Clerk to issue Summonfcs, in Writing under his Hand, or in Print, and signed by the said Clerk, re-

quiring such Inhabitants, being Householders, to be and appear before the said Vestrymen at the Time and

Place in such Summons to be mentioned; and such Vestrymen shall and may nominate and appoint so many

as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Number of twenty, in the said Parish of Saint Alary-h-Bo r?e\

and that the several Persons so nominated and appointed shall be and be called bfpeders of Balances^ H eights^

and Measures, within the said Parish, and shall take an Oath to the Efied following; (wtych Oath the

Chairman foi the l ime being, or any Justice or Justices for the said County, then present, is and are here-

by empowered to administer:) , ‘

4 Ti S. do swear, That during the Time of my Continuance in the Office whereunto I am now ap-

4 1 pointed, I will diligently, from Time to Time, insped the Balances, Weights, and A4eafures, in the

4 several Houses, Shops, Brewhouses, and Warehouses, in this Parish ; and that 1 will not pr'efent any

4 Person or Thing through Hatred or Malice, nor leave the fame unprefemed, through Love, E'avour, Af-

4 section, Reward, or Hope thereof. So help me GOD.*

CVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who shall

be summoned as aforesaid to take upon him the said Office of an inspector of Balances, Weights, and Mea-

sures, shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the Direction of such Summons, or appearing shall tq-

fuse to take upon him the said Office, (being thereunto appointed,) every Person so offending shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of five Pounds; which said Sum shall be set upon him by the said Vestrymen by Way of

Fine for such his Contempt or Refusal to take upon him the said Office, and shall be applied to the Purposes

of this Act.

CVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed

to extend, so as to remove or dismiss from his Office any Inspector of Balances, Weights, and Measures

appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his prtfent Majesty, but every

such Inspector shall continue in such Office, and shall discharge the Duties thereof, and shall have as ample

Power and Authority to carry this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatso^ver, and shall

have and enjoy the fame Privileges and Immunities, and shall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties, until

another Inspector or other Lifpedors of Balances, Weights, and Measures, shall be nominated and appoint-

in his or their Stead or nace by virtue of this Act, as if such Inspector or Inspectprs had been nominated

and appointed in Manner and Form prescribed by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding, \ J

I CVIII. And,

