I

5°8

Where the Ap-

pointments and

Ba.lois shall not

have taken

place, they rnay

be suspended.

Officers to

attend Mutters

of Men enrolled,

when so med,

until embodied,

Sc c.

Quakers on pro-

ducing a Certi-

ficate thereof,

shall have their

Names ttruck

out of l.itts, and

be fined 20s. for

each Horse for

which they are

charged with

Duty.

No Order, See.

to be removed

by Certiorari,

*c.

Provisions of

this Act and of

Cap. 6. shall

be mutually|

applied in the

Execution of

either.

Act may be al-

tered or repealed

this Settion.

poji. Lap.

*39-1

Act of present

Settion, Cap. 4.

recited*

Volunteers raif-

cd under the

recited Act for

the Army may

be brought be-

fore two Juf-

tices, who may

cause them to bf

C. 23, 24. Anno triedimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1796.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or one

Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace acting for any Subdivision, where the Appointments and

Ballots to be made by virtue of the said Act shall not have already taken place, to suspend the making such

Appointments, and taking such Ballots, until the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundreJ

and 1 inety-seven, or such other Day to which the fame shall be postponed by his Majesty’s Privy Council,

in order that the Provisions of this Act, with respect to the raising of Volunteers, may have their due

Effed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers who shall be provisionally appointed by the Lieu-

tenant or General Meeting of Lieutenancy of any County, Riding, or Division, with the Approbation of

his Majesty, to the Command of Men enrolled by virtue of this Act, whenever they shall be formed into a

Rtgiment, Battalion, or Troop, in pursuance of the said Act, shall attend the Musters which shall be directed

to be made of Men so enrolled in their respective Subdivisions, until such Men shall be ordered to be drawn

out and embodied, and shall have full Power and Authority to execute the said Act of the present Session of

Parliament, in all Things which may lawfully be done by Officers appointed to mutter such Men.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being of the People called Quakers^ shall at any

Time on or before the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at the

first Subdivision Meeting which shall be held after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred

and ninety*(even, produce, orcaufetobe produced, before the Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieute-

nant and one Justice of the Peace acting for the Subdivision where such Person shall be liable to the Service re-

quired by the said Act, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the Peo-

ple called §>uakersy acknowledging such Person to be of their Persuasion, it shall and may be lawful for the said

Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, to

cause the Name of such Person to be struck out of any List or Class then made, whether a Ballot shall have

taken place for such Subdivision or not, and thereupon such Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively,

are required to fine such Person in the Sum of twenty Shillings for each and every Horse, Mare, or Geld-

ing, for which such Person shall be charged to the said Duties, which Sum shall be added to the last AftefT-

ment of such Person to the said Duties on Horses, and shall be levied at the next subsequent Payment to be

made of any of the said Duties, and applied in such Manner as is directed by the said Act with respect to

any Fines thereby imposed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any

County, Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant

together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the said

Ad of this present Section or this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division,

City, Town, or Place, wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any Court whatsoever; and that

no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction

so made in pursuance of the said Act of the present Session, or of this Act; but that Execution and other

Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwith-

standing. 3l

XXV III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the ProvKions of this Act shall, in the Execution

of the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner

as if the fame Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said

Ad shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like Manner as if the

fame Provisions were specially enacted in this Act.

'I W - .1

a *. m r ~

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by

any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV. L'

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for raffing a certain Number of Men in tke several Counties in England,

for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy.—[30th December 1796.J

4 \XHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of his Ma~

\ Jifty 5 Army and Navy, should be explained and amended, in the Particulars hereinafter mentioned:’ May

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Volunteer or Volunteers

raised under the said Act for the Army, who shall be approved by the Regulating Officer, may be brought

before any two Justices of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, residing near to the Place of Ren-

dezvous, to be examined touching his Content to enter into such Service; and it shall be lawful for such

Jwftices o! the Peace to cause such Volunteer or Volunteers to be attested and sworn in the Manner and

according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed (mutatis mutandis)+

attested according to the Form in the annexed Schedule. -r .*

11

