xlii

The TITLES of

Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the Strength of

Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, until the first Day of June

one thousand eight hundred and one; and so much of an

Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass,

as was to continue for a limited Time, until the fifth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

36. An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain

such Persons as His Majesty 'hall suspect are conspiring

against his Person and Government.

37. An A dt for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by

Way of Annuities.

38. An Act for declaring the Validity of two Orders in

Council, dated the sixth Day of August one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for en-

larging the Time of appealing in Prize Catifes; and for

permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall

have elapl', in such special causes as His Majesty, by

any Order in Council, shall authorize.

39. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

for allowing' the Importation and Exportation of certain

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in the Ports of Kingston,

Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca, in the

If and of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the If and

^/Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the If and of Domi-

nica, and in the Port ^NafTau in the If and of New Pro-

vidence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regula-

tiens and Rejlriftions. ’ 1

40. An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows,

and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and

Watches; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties

on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited

Houses, in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants,

Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for graining

to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

42. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty

of Excise upon Tea; and for repealing so much of an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, as charges a Duty

of five Pounds per Centum upon Lea imported into or fold

in Great Britain. '■

43. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

on Salt. # b

44. An Act to enable His.Majesty to cal! out a Part of the

Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and

to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that

Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

45. An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing

or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or

F.ffedts for the Purchase or on the Credit of Debts owing

to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies

Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Li-

cence for that Purpofs; for extending the Provisions of an

Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

mrefent Majesty, more eftedlually to prevent, during the

. present War between Great Britain and France, all Trai-

torous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being

given to, His Majesty’s Enemies, to Switzerland \ and

also the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing

the STATUTES, N

Money or Effcdts in the Hands of His Majesty’s Subjects,

belonging to,'or disposeable by, any Persons resident in

France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising

the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving

the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual

Owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzer-

land, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Govern-

ment therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and

Places, under their Government.:

46. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of

His Majesty’s Navy.

47. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two*

hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Go

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by

them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the

Reduction of the National Debt.:

48. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in

this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Fax, to be raised

in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-eighty as relates to the Qualifica-

tien of Commissioners.

49. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments im

the Parish o$ Halifax, in the County of York, inTrustees

and their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned,

discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respectofany

Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of.

Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

30. An Act to continue, until the first Day ofi August one

thousand eight hundred, and until the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present* Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for establishing Regulations ref petting AHe its

arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes*

31. An Act for authorizing the billctting such Troops of

Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for

the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting

from the Payment of certain Duties Persons providing

Horses for the said Yeomanry Cavalry*

52/ An Act to regulate the Trial of causes, Indictments,

and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of

certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certifi-

cates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns.

54. An Act to amend several Laws of Excile relating to

Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported.

Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins,

Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Li-

cences. ' , , . fj,

55. An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers,

and other Officers of Militia; and for making other Pro-

visions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

56. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

last Session of Parliament, intituled^ ^/// Act for granting to

' His Majify certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters

therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties

on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and

others practising in certain Courts of Ju/lice in Great Bri-

tain; as impolcs a Duty on Licences granted to Stipend-

iary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church.

or Chapel.

57. An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale

Fisheries. R* -

5S. An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act,. made in

2 the

