A.D. 1797. Anno ti<icefimo septimo Georgii III.

G. 48.

54-1

taken: and no such Owner or Persons having such Authority, Licence, or Leave, shall be liable, on ac-

count of such angling, to any Penalty inflicted by this or the said former Acts; any Thing herein contained to

the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII ‘ And whereas it is enabled in and by the said A&of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, that

Justices of the Peace and Sheriffs Depute may act in the Execution of that Act, and also of the said Act of

c the eleventh Year of his said Majesty, notwithstanding they are interested in the Fisheries of the said River

c Tweedy be it therefore enabled. That the following Words in the recited Clause of the said Act of the

fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, “ notwithstanding such Justices or Sheriffs Depute are interested in the

“ Fisheries of the said River Tweedy” shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed. *

m

a«5> in the Exe-

cution of the

said Alts, and

this Act, if in-

Provisior» in

Act 15 Geo.^.

enabling Magi.

Aretes to act in

the Execution

of the recited

Acts, although

interected in Fisheries in the Tweed, repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That Justices of the Peace’and Sheriffs Depute may act in their several Magnates may

and respective Jurisdictions in the Execution of this A#, and of the said Acts of the eleventh and fifteenth

Years of his present Majesty, notwithstanding they are interested in the said River Tweedy or in other Rivers

and Streams running into the fame, as Proprietors of Fisheries only. ,

terected only as Proprietors of Fisheries in the River Tweed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace or Sheriff Depute shall MagiArates not

act in the Execution of this or of either of the said former Acts, who at the Time of his acting shall be the

Occupier or Occupiers* either of his own Property, or as Leffeeor Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of any

Fishery or Fisheries, or of any Part or Parts of any Fishery or Fisheries in the said River Tweedy or in the

Mouth or Entrance, or on the Shore beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance thereof, or who is in

any Manner interested in the said Fisheries, or in any Part or Parts thereof^otherwise than asadlual Owners

or Proprietors, upon Pain of forfeiting 'a Sum not exceeding two hundred Pounds, or less than fifty Pounds,

to him who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IF'eji rr.inster, or in the Court

of the County Palatine of Durham; any Thing herein or in either of the said former Acts contained to the

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. r '

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Convidlions shall be under the Hand and Seal or Hands and

Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, and shall be in the Form following; (that is to say,)

to alt in the

Execution of

the said Alls,

or this Act,

while Occupi-

ers of Fisheries

their own Pro-

perty, or Te-

nants of others,'

Form of Con-*

County of

(to wit.)

‘ OE it remembered, That on the of . in the

4 Year of the Reign of by the Grace of God of Great

4 Britain, Francey and Irelayid, King, Detender of the Faith, and so forth, at in the

of aforesaid, of conieth before me

Esquire, one of the Justices of our said Lord the King, in the said and also to hear*

and determine divers Felonies, Trespasscs, and other Misdemeanors, in the said committed,

and giveth me the said Justice to understand and be informed upon Oath in Writing, that one

of in the said on the Day of now last pad, at

in the said did [here insert the Offence in the /Yards of the Statute], 2gainst the Form of the

Statute in such Cafe made and provided; and afterwards upon the aforesaid Day of

in the Year aforesaid, at aforesaid, in the aforesaid, he the said

being brought before me in order to make his Defence against the said Charge, and having heard the fame,

he the said is asked by me the said Justice if he can say any Thing why he should not be

convicted of the Premises above charged upon him in Form aforesaid, pleadeth that he is not guilty of the

said Offence; nevertheless on the Day of , in the Year aforesaid, at

aforesaid, in the aforesaid; one credible Witness, to wit, of

cometh before me the Justice aforesaid, and upon his Oath on the Holy Gospel to him then and there by

me the Justice aforesaid, administered, depofeth that the aforesaid on the

Day of aforesaid in the Year aforesaid, at aforesaid, did [hereJlate only so

much of the Fail as is sufficient to convitl the Offender; Or the said doth freely and voluntarily

confcfs the fame to be true, as the Cafe may be], and then upon the aforesaid the

Day of aforesaid, in the Year aforesaid, before me the said Justice is convicted, pursuant to an

Adl, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled,.

[insert the Title of the AllJ, and he is hereby adjudged to have forfeited for the said Offence [here insert the

Penalty of or, as the Cafe may be, the Thing forfeited. ]’

And which said Conviction shall be certified in the same Manner as by the said Acts of the eleventh and fif-

teenth Years of his present Majesty, one or other of them, is directed and appointed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in anywise preju-

dice or affect the Right of the Owners or Proprietors of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Per-

lons who now are, or at any Time or Times thereafter shall or may be seised, possessed of, or entitled to any

Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the

Shores beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the fame, but that all and every such Owners and

Proprietors, and other Person or Pcifons as last are mentioned, shall have and enjoy all such Right of Fishing

vithin the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the

fame, as they have hitherto lawfully exercised and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed, in case

this Act had not bee.i made, so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seafops only, under

such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereinbefore directed concerning the

8 Fisheries

Saving of Rights

to Manors,

Seigniories, ants

Royalties wuhifv

the Mouth or

Entrance of the

Riytr 'J

