A.D. 1798.

Anno tricesimo octavo Georgii III

C. 55.

785

CAP.- LV.

An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia; and

for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

[zi ft June 1798.]

WHEREAS the Militia Forces of this Kingdom having been considerably augmented during the

 present War, it is expedient that the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers for the Com-

mand of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, of which such Militia may consist, should he

4 increasid as the Exigency of the Service may require :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it maybe

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty’s Secretary

of State, at any Time during the present War, todire<£l the Number of Officers in any Regiment or Bat-

talion in actual Service, to be augmented by the Appointment of such Officers, and of such Rank respect-

ively as the Exigency of the Service may require, and also to direct proper Officers to be appointed to any

additional Companies; and the Lieutenants, and also the Deputy Lieutenants authorized to act in the Stead

of the Lieutenants upon the Vacancy of the Office or Absence of the Lieutenant of the several Counties,

Ridings, and Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall proceed forthwith in pursuance of

his Majesty’s Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of making such Augmenta-

tien of Field Officers and other Officers as aforesaid; and the Persons who shall be so appointed Field Of-

ficers and other Officers of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, in pursuance of this Act, shall be entitled

to such Pay during the Service, and to all other Emoluments and Advantages, as the Field Officers and

other Officers of Militia now appointed of the fame Rank respectively are by Law entitled unto; any Thing

in any Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Militia Officer of any Militia Regiment, Battalion, or Inde-

pendent Company, who may have accepted, or shall, during the Continuance of the present War, accept,

a Commission or Appointment of the fame Rank in any other Militia Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company, shall continue to rank in the gqncral Service according to the Date of his fir (I Commission or Ap-

pointment in the Militia. ' '

Hi* Majesty

may riircfl the

Number of

Field and other

Officers in any

Regiment, Sec.

to be augment-

.

who ffinl! he

entitled to such

Pay, See. as

thefo already

appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be judged expedient to reduce the Number of

Field Officers, or of other Officers, in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, the Reduction of Officers

shall take place from the Youngest of each Rank respectively; and that in case any Officer, being duly qua-

lified according to the Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to amend, and reduce into one Aol of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part ^/*Great

Britain called England, shall be so reduced, such Officer shall, notwithstanding such Reduction, be compe-

tent to succeed to any Vacancy which may occur in such Regiment or Battalion of Militia, of an equal

Rank with that which such Officer filled at the Time such Reduction took place.

IV. Be it also, and it is hereby enacted, That in all Cafes where it may be found necessary to appoint a

Second Adjutant to any Regiment of Militia, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding,

or Place, to grant to such Second Adjutant, unless his Majesty shall disapprove the fame, the Rank of Lieu-

tenant by Brevet; or if he shall have served in his Majesty’s other Forces, any Rank which he may have held

therein, not exceeding that of Captain Lieutenant by Brevet also.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled in the Supplementary Militia for any County,

Riding, or Place, in pursuance of two Acts pasted in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, or either of them, shall have enlisted in any Regiment of his Majesty’s other Forces, or shall have en-

tered into any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, previous to the fifteenth Day of May one thousand (even

hundred and ninety-eight, and shall be actually serving in such Regiment or Ship of YVar, it shall be lawful

for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Person was so enrolled, or in his Absence

for any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, and he and they is and are hereby re-

quired, on Proof of such Enlistment and Service, by the Certificate of the Colonel or Commanding Officer

of the Regiment into which such Person shall have enlisted and shall be serving, or on Proof of such Entrance

and Service, by the Cerificate of the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship in which such Person

shall have entered, and shall be serving, to discharge such Person from the said Supplementary Militia, and to

-cause the Name of such Person to be tlruck out of the Roll or Lift of the Supplementary Militia (erving for

such County, Riding, or Place; but nevertheless, the County, Riding, or Place, for which any Person so

discharged was enrolled, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other Man in the Room of the Militia Man so

discharged, and every Person so ddcliaigtd shall be freed and exonerated from all Pains and Penalties incurred

by realon of such Enlistment or entering into his Majesty’s Navy: any Statute to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

38 Geo. Ill

51

Any

Officer acced-

ing a Commis-

fion of the fame

Rank in another

Regiment, to

rank according to the Date of his first Commission.

When a Reduc-

tien is to he

made of the

Officers in any

Regiment, it

shall take place

from the

Youngest of

each Rank, Sec.

Where a Second

Adjutant is ap-

pointed to any

Regiment, a

certain Brevet

Rank also to be

given him.

County Lieute-

nant, on Proof,

by Certificate of

the Command-

ing Officer, of

Persons enrolled

in the Supple-

mentary Militia

having enlisted

into the Army,

or entered into

the Navy, pre-

vious to May

\S> >79*» to

discharge such

Persons from

the Militia.

The County,

Sec. not obliged

to ballot for the

Men so dif-

charged,.

CAP.

