121

A.D. 1795. ' Anno tricesimo quin to Georgii III.

C. 63.

be (lied for in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and

m his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for Offences committed in Scotland, byA&ion of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eifoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Im-

parlance shall be allowed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-

‘ ^ ‘ ~ ‘ ----- - - - ;he Name of his Ma-

le respective Courts

- SHI__________ ajesty, his Heirs and

Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as

aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver

General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties for the l ime being; and that in all Cafes where the Whole

of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

ceflors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward, as they shall think fit, not

exceeding one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered, after deducing all Charges and Ex-

pences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall

appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as Discoverers or Informers in respect to such Penalties or

Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat in case any Prosecution shall be com-

menced by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures,

incurred by virtue of this A61, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s Attorney General in England,

or Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to their Satisfaction respectively that such Penalty or

Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, was or were incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to flop all

further Proceedings on every such Prosecution, as well with respect to the Share of such Penalty or

Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, to which any such Person may claim to be entitled, as to the Share

thereof belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon such 'Perms nevertheless, as to Costs and

otherwise, as such Attorney General or Advocate shall think reasonable.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles,

Clauses, Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed and

appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper, (and not hereby altered,) shall (as far as the fame are applicable) be of full Force and Effect,

with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising,

levying, collecting, and securing, the said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning

of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively

been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or

forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used, or

provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this Act for the'Purpose of denoting any of the Duties by this A&

granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame upon any Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, with Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Hefrs or Succeftbrs, of any of the said Duties, or shall

utter, vend, fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with such

counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing* the fame to be counterfeited, or shall privately or

fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this A61, with Intent to defraud his

Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflfors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall differ Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit

of Clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, upon all and every Policies and Policy oflnfurance, upon

which any Duty is hereby imposed* and which shall be duly stamped in pursuance of this A61, all the former

Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Pafier, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and

immediately before the parting of this Act, were, or were deemed, taken, or adjudged, to be payable on

or in respect of Policies of Insurance, shall ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

XXAnd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties herein-before

granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of

the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchrrtenr, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges

of railing and accounting for the fame being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer at IVijl-

mirjUr, at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

are directed to be paid, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and

made Part of the Consolidated Fund. -

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising or

to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be diffident, shall be

deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned

by any Loan made, or Stock to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts to be parted in this Session

of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid

into tnc said Receipt distindiy and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there

shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten

Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the

cceipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties, granted in this

1 Guo. III. & Session

How Penalties

not sued for

within the

limited Time

may he reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

Prosecution*

for Penalties

incurred with-

out Intention

of Fraud may

be stopt.

Powers of for*

mer A<ih re-

lating to

Stamps to ex-

tend to th.*s

Act.

Persons coun-

terfeiting

Stamps, Sec.

to suffer Death.

From July 5,

1795, former

Duties to cease.

Duties to be

paid to the

Receiver Ge-

neral of Stamp

Duties, and by

him into the

Exchequer.

Duties to be

deemed an

Addition to the

Revenue for

defraying the

increased

Charge occa-

fioned by any

Loan of tlus

Selhon,

