(Public Local & Personal^) 38 GEO. III.

xlvii

fame relate to the Road from Dudley Hill\ through Beck-

with jhavjy to Killinghally and from Beckivithjhaw to the

South-weft Corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the County

of York. ’

41. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two

Acts, the one passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, and the other in the seven-

teenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the

fame relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton,

to Wakefield^ in the County of York.

42. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, pafl' in

the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jetty. for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale

Lane End, in the Village of Heywoody in the Parish of

Bury’, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish

of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts,

the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, the other in the

eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from

a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pondy and

from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in

the Road leading to Farringdony in the County of Berks,

so far as the fame relate to the Abingdon District of the

said Roads therein mentioned.

44. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two

Acts, of the second ana twenty-second Years of His pre-

firnt Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading

from Colley Gatey in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly

Hally and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties

of lYorcester, Stafford) and Salop) so far as the fame relate

to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hally and for

repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester

and Stafford. '

45 An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more

effectual, several Acts, of the twenty-fourth and twenty-

eighth Years of His late Majesty’s Reign, and of the fourth

and twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edin-

burgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South

and North EJk) and the Water of Leith, in the said

County.

46. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing,

lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other

public Passages and Places, within the Town of Win-

canton, in the County of Somerset\ and for removing

and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions

therein.

47. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an

A&» passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near

Stainforth) in the Weft Riding of the County of York) to

join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near

KcaAby, in the County of Lincoln; and also a Collateral

3ft Geo. HI* /

Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunny in

the Parish of Thorney in the said Riding.

48. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar

upon Alconbury Hilly to Wansford Bridge \ and from

Norman Cross to the South End of Peterborough Bridge,

all in the County of Huntingdon i and for repealing cer-

tain Acts relating thereto. '

49. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and amend the Powers, of three Acts passed in

the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign

of King George the Second, and in the sixteenth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

from Wansford Bridge) in the County of Northampton, to

the Town of Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, and

from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town

of Bourn, in the said County of Lincoln, and from the

North End of Stamford Bridge to ScotgatCy both in Stam~

ford aforesaid.

50. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two

Acts, the one passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and

the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

the eighteen Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedgey

through the Town of Merey in the County of WutSy

and through IVincanion to Charlton Houthoruy and from

thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge

aforesaid, to the Weft End of Long Lane in Kilming-

tony and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sberbom Turn-

pike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to

Sparkford, in the County of Sometfet; and also for alter-

ing, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other

Roads communicating therewith.

5*. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, al-

tering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road lead-

ing from the Town of Rochdally in the County Palatine

of Laneqflery to the Town of Burnley, in the said County.

52 An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

the Term of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping

■epair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike

Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Coun-

ties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said

Ad. # ' .

53. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty*one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarg-

ing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road leading from the Maypole in the Town

of Henfieldy over Poynings Common, to the Town of

honey and from Poynings Common aforesaid to

High Cross, in the Parish of Albourney and from thence

for the Distance of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane

leading towards Twinehamy and from the Marie Pit near

the Bottom of Saddlefcomb Hilly in the Parish of New-

timber, to the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Laney

in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex \ and also for

repairing and widening the Road from the End of the two

Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twinehamy

h unto

