A.D. 1798. ving Annoying tricesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 60.

an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept For entering Memorials of Alignments of such

Land l ax, and such Officer shall, upon the Application of the Person or Persons entitled to such Land

Tax, grant to him, her, or them, a Certificate of such Entry ; and where any Person or Persons shall, as

Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of any Person deceased, become entitled to any

such Land Tax, the Probate of the Will .or testamentary Instrument or Letters of Administration, under

which such Person or Persons shall be so entitled, shall be produced and shewn to such Officer, who shall

enter the fame, and grant a Certificate thereof in Manner aforesaid ; and such Officer is hereby required to

make out a Duplicate of every such Certificate, fairly written under his Hand, and to deliver or cause to be

delivered such Duplicate to the Receiver General in England, orColle#or in Scotland, for the County, Riding,

Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Land Tax shall be charged ; and after the Delivery of such Duplicate

to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or to such Colle#or, the Person or Persons to whom

any such Land Tax shall have been transferred or transmitted as aforesaid, shall, upon the Produ#ion of

such Certificate to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Collector, be entitled to

demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own Use, the full Amount of the Land Tax which shall

be specified and mentioned in such Certificate, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and in the

same Manner, in all Refpe#s, as if he, (lie, or they, had been the original Purchaser or Purchasers of such

Land Tax, and the Receipt or Receipts of such Person or Persons shall be a sufficient Discharge to such

Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, and Collector, for the fame: Provided always. That

wherever, by reason of any Assignce not having declared such Option as hereinbefore is mentioned in the

Alignment of any Land Tax, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged

therewith, shall be exonerated therefrom, such Officer is hereby required to transmit the like DuplicalCs

as hereinbefore directed in Cafes where any Manors, MeHuages, Lands, 'Tenements, or Hereditaments,

shall be exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon in pursuance of the original ContraCt.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have entered into any Contract with

the said Commissioners, specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the Redemption or

Purchase of any Land Tax, shall die before the Transfer of all the Instalments of Stock contracted to be

made by him or her, without having made any Provision, by Will or otherwise, how the future Instalments

shall be made good, then and in such Cafe the future Instalments shall be paid out of the Aftets of the Person

so dying, as a Debt to his Majesty upon Record, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so

dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Curator or Curators of any Infant, Minor,

or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of the Persons so dying, shall be indemnified against such

Infant or Minor, and all other Persons whomsoever, for making good the Instalments necessary to complete

the said Contract, and if such Executor or Administrator, Trustee, Curator, or Guardian, uiall not have

AfTets for that Purpose, then they shall and may, and they are hereby respe#ively authorized and empowered

to fell, assign, and dispose of the said Contract in the Manner and Form hereinafter directed; and the

Person or Persons to whom such Contract shall be assigned, shall be bound to complete the same upon the

fame Terms and Conditions, by the fame Instalments, and at the fame Periods, and in the same Manner,

and have and be entitled to the fame Benefits and Advantages, as the Person so dying would have been

bound to complete the same, and would have been entitled to, in case he or she had been then living.

LXXX. Provided always, That the said respe#ive Courts ot Exchequer may, in all such Cafes, give

the like Relief by enlarging the Time for making good any future Instalment or Instalments, as they are

hereby authorized to do in Cafes of Forfeiture through the Default of the Party.

" } f for Payment of Instalments.—

LXXXI. And be it further enacted. That where any Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, shall

have redeemed any Land Tax out of the Monies arifine from the Sale 'or Mortgage of any Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or from the Grant of any Relit Charge thereout,

under and by virtue of this A#, and shall have declared his, her, or their Option to be confuJered on the

Footing of a Purchaser thereof as aforesaid, in every such Cafe the Land Tax so redeemed shall continue

and be attendant upon the Fftate and Interest of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Com-

panies, who shall for the Time being be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lid Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall be payable by the Receiver General in

England, or Colle#or in Scotland, his Deputy or Deputies, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, Bo-

dies, Corporations, or Companies; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons who shall for

the Time being be in the a#ual Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General or Colle#or, or

his Deputy or Deputies, for such Land Tax.

LXXXII. And be it further cna#. That if the Receiver General in England, or Colle#or in Scotland,

of any County, Riding, Stewartry, or Place, where any such Land Tax shall be purchased, as a specific

Charge upon any particular Fftate, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such

Land Tax, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers respe#ively, the

full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, the fame being lawfully demanded of such Receiver

Cieneral or Collector, or his Deputy, in the Manner before dire#,*at or after the Time before limited

38 Geo. III. 5 M for

809

Probates, Ac.

Duplicates of

such Entries to

be transoiitted

to Receiver Ge-

neral, who shall

pay such Af-

fitness, &C,

Where Assigne*

does not declare

his Option,

Lands to be cx«

oncraled.

Where Pur-

chafers die be-

fore completing

Contract*, the

Payments due

shall be confi-

dered and pre-

ferred as a Debt

to the King on

Record j and on

Defe&of A(lets.

Executors, &c.

may fell and af-

sign the Con-

tra ft, of which

the Assignee

shall have all the

Benefit.

# ' he# • a #

Courts of Ex-

chequer may cn- I

large the Time

-(&e § 96, 97.)

Where Person*

redeeming the

Land Tax by

Sale of Part of

their Lands, &e*

shall declare

their Option to

be considered at '

Purchasers,

the Land Tax so

redeemed shall be

attendant on tho

Estate of such.

Purchasers, and

payable to them

by the Receiver

General.

If the Receiver

General, Sec. re-

fuse* to pay the

Land Tax to any

Purchaser, the

Occupier of the

Lands chr.rgtd

shall pay it, un-

