A.D. 1796. ving Annoying tricesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. .3, 4. 435

litia for the Defence of the Kingdom; be it therefore further enacted, That the Lieutenant or any three

Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Riding, and Place, where the Militia shall be raised, according to

the Directions of this Act, shall, on or before the fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thou-

fa ad seven hundred and ninety-seven, transmic a Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace, containing an Ac-

count of the Number of Private Men of the Militia raised by virtue of this Act, and every such Clerk of

the Peace shall deliver such Certificate to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarrer Session to be held

next after the said fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on the Day on which

such Session (lull be opened, and the fame shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session; but where no

such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the fame under his

Hand arid Seal to the Justices so assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of the Peace shall be filed

by him amongst the Records of such Session.

XXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That in evefy County, Riding, and Place, where no such Certi-

ficate shall be transmitted to the Clerk, of the Peace as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of such County,

Riding, or Place, at the fame General Quarter Sefilons where such Default shall be made as aforesaid, shall,

Unlcis an Apportionment (lull have been made according to the Directions of this Act, diligently proceed

to apportion the Number of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, in each Town, Parish, or Place, and

the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to do all Acts necessary for that Purpose, which the

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants are hereby autharized to do, and the said Justices shall adjourn such

General Sections from Time to Time, until such Apportionment be completed; and that the Sum of fif-

teen Pounds shall be annually pUid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man by this Act directed to be

raised within the same County, Riding, or Place, making such Default, and shall be paid to the Treasurer

of the County by the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several ('owns, Panfhes, and Places; and

the J ufticcs or the Peace shall and are hereby required, at their laid General Quarter Session, to rate and

ailefi the Sum of fifteen Pounds upon every Town, Parish, and Place within such County, Riding, or

Place, for every Man which such Town, Parish, or Place ought to rails by virtue of this Act, and the

fame shall be levied, collected, received, paid, and accounted for in stich Manner, and by such Ways and

Means, and with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the Collection and Payment

thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect or account for the fame, who shall

make Default therein, are directed with respect to Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of such Town,

Parish, or Place.

the Trace c( the

Number of Pri-

vate Mm raj fed,

who shall de-

liver it to the

next Quarter

Scrtion to be

filed; and

where none

shall bercccived,

he shall certify

the fame to the

In dices.

Where no Cer*

tificate shall be

transmitted, the

Quarter Sef-

fions, unless an

Apportionmert

shall have been

made, shall pro-

ceed to appor-

tien the Num-

ber, and adjourn

the Sessions till

completed.

1 5I. to be paid

annually by die

Overseers for

each Man

wanting.

Quarter ScfTiow

to assess the

Money on the

respective Pa-

fifties, Arc.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be chosen by Lot and enrolled

to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, to be raised by virtue o( this Act, shall, when ordered out to be

trained and exercised for twenty Days as aforesaid, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Over-

fecr or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place where the Family of such Militia Man shall

dwell, shall, by Order of finne one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such

Parish, Tything, or Place, pay to such Family the following Weekly Allowance; that is to say, a Sum not

exceeding one Shilling for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years, and a

Sum not exceeding one Shilling for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether he shall or shall not have any

Child or Children ; and in every Parish, Tything, or Place, where the Money arising by such Rates shall

not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate dr Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for

that Purpose. *: • . k

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Bounties, Allowances, Claufts, Matters, and Things, contained in the aforesaid Act of the twenty-sixth

Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or in any other Act of Parliament relative to the raising, training, embody-

ing, and calling out the Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or in any Act to

be passed in this Session of Parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the Militia, shall be

applied, pradlifcd, and put in Execution with respect to the Militia, directed to be raised by this Act, in as

full and ample a Manner, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things, were again repeated and enacted in this Act, so far

as the fame are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered by the express

Provisions of this Act.

XLIL And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be and continue in force during the present War,

■and for the Space of one Calendar Month after the End thereof.

XLlil. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed,

by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

The Families

of Militia Men

chosen by Lot,

when ordered to

be trained, to

receive a weekly

Allowance from

the Overseers of

the Poor.

The Powers of

all Acts relating

to the MtJiliat*

extend to this

Act as far as

applicable.

Continuance •(

Act.

Act may be

altered or re-

pealed this Scf*

fion.

4

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the

Service of His Majesty’s Army and Navy.— [iith November 1796.]

* TY THERE AS it is expedient for the Public Service, at the present Conjundlure, that the most effectual

V V Measures should be adopted, for providing a speedy Supply of Men to serve in his Majesty’s Army

€ and Navy May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons* in this present Parliament assembkd, and by the Authority of the same, T hat there shall be

3 L 2 levied.

