XXI

The TITLES of the STATUTES, 36 III.

Manor of Elcombe which is situate within the Parish of

Wroughton, and within the Tything of Uffcott, in the

Parish of Broad Hinton, in the County of Wilts

27. An Act for dividing a certain Heath, called Somerjham

Heath, in the County of Huntingdon, and for dividing and

inclosing such Parts of the said Heath as shall be allotted

to the Parishes of Woodhurfi, Somerjham, and Pidley with

Fenton, and also the 0;>en Fields and Commonable Lands

within the said Parishes.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Township of Kimberworth, in the Parish of

Rotherham, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part

of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Buthivh, in the

County of Somerset.

30. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

monable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and im-

proving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, with-

within the Parish of Woollavington, in the County of

Somerset.

3r. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows,

Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste

Land, within the Parish of Tyjoc, in the County of War-

wick.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waftc Lands, within the Parish of Chcfwardine,

in the County of Salop.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of

Gatcford and Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the

County of Nottingham,

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Beighton,

in the County of Derby.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waftc Lands, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes

of Blunham and Northill, in the County of Bedford.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish

of Grandborough, in the County of Buckingham.

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Bo-

rough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, Lammas Grounds, Waste Lands, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Brick-

bill, in the County of Bucks.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Cum-

whitton and Cumrciv, within, and Parcel of, the Barony

of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waftc Grounds in the several Townships of Thornton,

Far man by, Eller burn, and Kingthorp, within the Parishes

of T»ornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the North Rid-

ing of the County of York, and for making a Compen-

fation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient in-

closed Lands in the fame Townships.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and

36 Geo. HI.

Hamlet of Bafall, in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in

the County of Warwick.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Snenton, in the County of

Nottingham.

43. An Act for dividing,allotting, and inclosing, the Whole

Year or every Year Lands, Half Year, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, within the Paiifh of Little

Barton, otherwise Barton Mills, in the County of Suffolk.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Nor-

ton, in the County of Hertford.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

G rounds, in the Parish of Pertenhall, in the County of

Bedford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Leys, and other Common-

able Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Hi-

baldjiowe, in the County of Lincoln.

. An Act to difiblve the Marriage of William Townshend

Mullins Esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage, his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and ft* other

Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for naturalizing David Mitclyel.

49. An Act for naturai zing Herman Jacob Garrels.

$0. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement en-

tered into by William Egerton Esquire, for the Sale of the

Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, and Interestr advanced

upon an Alignment of the Chester Canal Navigation,

with its Appurtenances, together with the said Security

for the fame, and to enable the Trustees appointed by the

Will of Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to convey and

dispose of the said Sums and Security, and to lay out the

Money arising from the Sale thereof upon the Trusts of

the said Will.

51. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain Lands

in the several Parishes of Jckham, in the County of Kent,

and Saint Margaret, in the City of Canterbury, be-

tween the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Can-

terbury, and Thomas Barrett, of Lee, in the County of

Kent, Esquire.

52. An Act for effedluating a Partition of certain Estates

in the County of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden

Esquire, and Catherine his Wife, and Charles Lc/lie the

Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in their own

Rights, and to Samuel Pipe Wolferjlan Esquire, and

7j bn Moore Clerk, as Trustees under the Wills of Alicia

Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel, Spipfters,

both deceased, and for other Purposes.

53. An Act to enable and empower Trustees to feil certain

Copyhold Estates belonging to Catherine Dalhnan Elliott,

an Infant, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale

thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant.

34. An Act for vesting the Real Estates, doviftd by the

Will of John Wilkinson, late of Whitby in the County of

York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in trufl, to be sold,

and for applying the Money arising there Vom, or a fufii-

cient Part thereof, in aifcharge of His Debts atfedting the

fame Estates, in Aid of his Personal Estate, and for plac-

ing out at interest: the Residue thereof, under the Di-

rection of the Court of Chancery, upon the Trusts de-

clared by the said Will of such Real Estate.

d

5S- Al*

