Private Acts passed in 1661, 13 Charles 2 session 1 c.1 - c.16.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 8; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 3.
---

1. An act for Ascertaining and Establishing the Fees of the Masters of the Chancery in Ordinary.

2. An act for Confirming a Sale made by Sir Thomas Prestwich and others, of the Manor of Holm, and certain Lands in the Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, unto Sir Edward Mosley, Baronet.

3. An act for Restoring of Thomas Radcliffe, Esquire, to all his Lands and Possessions in England and Ireland.

4. An act Enabling John Harbin, Esquire, to settle, sell and dispose of several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments with the Appurtenances in the County of Somerset and Dorset therein mentioned, for Payment of his Debts, and to make Provision for his younger Children.

5. An act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Thomas Hunt, Esquire, and John Hunt, Gentleman, for Payment of their Debts.

6. An act for Settling the Manors of Knoll, Seal, and Kempsing in the County of Kent, upon the Earl of Dorset and his Heirs, and charging the Manor of Bexhill, and the Manor or Farm of Cowding, and other Lands in the County of Sussex, with a Rent charge of one hundred and thirty Pounds per Annum in lieu thereof.

7. An act for Confirmation of the Charter and Privileges of the Master, Wardens and Commonalty of Weavers, Fullers and Clothiers in the City of Worcester.

8. An act for Settling several Lands late of Sir Edward Baesh, Knight, upon Sir Ralph Baesh, Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Sir Edward, and his Heirs.

9. An act for Confirmation and Explanation of An act for the Settling of some of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Cleaveland in Trustees, to be sold for the Satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son.

10. An act for the Uniting the Parsonages of Saint Andrews and Saint Mary Witton in Droitwich in the County of Worcester.

11. An act to enable John Lord Abergavenny, Son and Heir of Henry late Lord Abergavenny, to sell certain Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sisters.

12. An act for the Naturalising of Francis Brudenell Esquire, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Brudenell, and of the Right Honourable Anna Maria Countess of Shrewsbury, Daughter of the said Lord Brudenell, and now Wife of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Shrewsbury.

13. An act for the Reviving a Settlement of certain Lands on John Orlibeare for Life, the Remainder to the Sons of the said John successively and the Heirs Males of their Bodies, &c.

14. An act for Confirming and Continuing an Act for necessary Maintenance of the Work of Draining the Great Level of the Fens.

15. An act for Confirming of an Inclosure of Land, formerly used for a Common Highway from Parsons Greene to Southfield in Fulham, and the Settling of other Land for a Common Highway there in lieu thereof.

16. An act enabling Trustees to sell certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for the Payment of the Debts of Richard Gipps, Esquire, and providing portions for his younger Children.

