Private Acts passed in 1662, 13 & 14 Charles 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 8; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 3.
---

1. For the Settling of the Estate of James late Duke of Richmond and Lenos, according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenos, Mary Duchess Dower of Richmond and Lenos, and the Lady Mary her Daughter, and the Trustees of the said Lady Duchess.

2. For Confirmation of certain Letters Patents made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albermarle, of several Honours, Manors and Hereditaments granted or mentioned to be granted to him by his Majesty.

3. For Confirming the Estate of John Marquess of Winchester in certain Manors and Lands whereof the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and lost at the taking of the Castle of Basing.

4. To confirm the Sale of certain Lands sold by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntingdon, for the Payment of his own and his Father's Debts.

5. For Settling a Capital messuage or Mansion house with the Appurtenances in Kensington in the County of Middlesex, upon Baptist Viscount Campden and his Heirs.

6. For Confirming An act Restoring to Thomas Lord Culpeper, Son and Heir and sole Executor of John Lord Culpeper, Baron of Thorsway and Master of the Rolls deceased, all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements, Leases not determined and Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof the said John Lord Culpeper was in Possession on the twentieth of May 1642, or at any Time after, which have not been since sold or aliened by the said John late Lord Culpeper by arts or Assurances to which himself was Party and Consenting.

7. To enable the Bishop of London to lease out the Tenements new built upon the Scite of his Palace in London.

8. For the Naturalising of Philadelphia, Wife to the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wentworth.

9. For Confirming several Acts therein mentioned.

10. For Confirming two Acts therein mentioned.

11. For the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Realm of Ireland.

12. For the disuniting the Hundreds of Dudson and Kings Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester, and Restoring them to be Part of the County of Gloucester.

13. For the making Navigable of the Rivers of Stowerr and Salwerp, and the Rivulets and Brooks running into the same, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

14. For the making Navigable of the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, and the Rivers and Brooks running into the same, in the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, and Monmouth.

15. For settling certain Manors and Lands late of Sir James Enyons, Baronet, on Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton, Baronet, and Sir Charles Aderley, Knight, his surviving Trustees, to sell for Payment of his Debts.

16. For Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers made by the commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm in the County of Lincoln.

17. For Confirming a Decree made on the Behalf of Thomas Derham, Esquire, and the Improvements, Exchanges and Allotments therein mentioned.

18. For the Enabling Sir Thomas Lee, Baronet, to exchange some Lands, settled upon the Marriage of Dame Anne Lee his now Wife, in Consideration of another Settlement of Lands of equal Value in Lieu thereof.

19. For Discharging the Manors of Stodscomb and Holwell, and other Lands in the County of Devon, from the Trust of one hundred and fifty Years made unto John Earl of Exeter, John Earl of Bridgwater, and Oliver Earl of Bolingbroke.

20. For supplying a supposed defect of the words stand and be seized, in a deed for settling of divers manors and lands on Sir Henry Frederick Thynne.

21. For confirming the copy-hold estates of divers of his Majesty's copyhold tenants within the honour of Clitherow in the county palatine of Lancaster, parcel of the duchy of Lancaster, according unto several decrees in the court of duchy chamber of the said county palatine.

22. For Confirmation, of the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of the Manors of Rannes, Irchester, Rushden, and several other Manors, Parcels of the Duchy of Lancaster.

23. For Confirming, Explaining and Enlarging an Act, intituled, An Act for the Levying of certain Moneys due upon the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont.

24. To enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward, Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts.

25. An Act vesting certain Lands in Bleasby in Sir John Mounson the younger, Robert Thorold, Esquire, and Anthony Eyre the Elder, Esquire, and their Heirs, to sell for Payment of the Debts of Sir Robert Dallison and William Dallison.

26. To enable the Trustees of Henry Nevill, Esquire, to sell certain Manors, Lands and Tenements in the Counties of York and Leicester, for Payment of his and his Son William Nevill's Debts, and likewise to confirm and strengthen the Sale of such Lands as they have already sold in the County of York.

27. For the making void certain Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powel, Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife.

28. For Sale of Sir Robert Slingsby, deceased, his Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

29. To enable Sir Anthony Brown to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

30. To enable Anthony Etrick to sell lands for Payment of his Debts.

31. For the Naturalising of Anna Ferrers and several other Persons named therein.

32. For the Naturalisation of Mark Le Pla, and others.

33. For the repairing of Bengworth bridge in the county of Worcester.

34. To enable Rowland Okeover, Esquire, to sell certain Lands in the County of Derby.

35. To enable Mrs. Clemence Rivers and Mrs. Rose Rivers, to sell certain lands and houses for payment of the debts of Edward Rivers, esquire, deceased, and provision for his younger children.

36. An Act enacting Thomas Peck, Esquire, to sell a Manor and some Lands in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Uses.

37. For Confirmation of Agreements made between Thomas Bushell, esquire and the Miners of Rowpitts in Somersetshire, for Recovering their drowned and deserted Works.

38. For the Settling certain Lands belonging unto Francis Tindal, Gentleman, upon Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts.

39. For Confirmation of three acts therein mentioned.

