Private Acts passed in 1663, 15 Charles 2 c.1 - c.19.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 8; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 3.
---

1. An act for the Settling of the Lands of the Earl of Kent and the Lord Lucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir apparent of the Lord Lucas.

2. An act for the Settling of a Free School in Witney in the County of Oxon, being Erected and Endowed by Henry Box, Citizen and Grocer of London deceased.

3. An act to enable the Bishop of Winchester to lease out the Tenements now built upon the Site of his Mansion House in the Parish of Saint Saviours in Southwark in the County of Surrey, and the two Parks and other Demesnes at Bishops Waltham, and other Lands in the County of Southampton.

4. An act for Repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolk.

5. An act for the Governing of the Hospital of Saint Oswalds in the County of Worcester.

6. An act to enable Sir Francis Boynton, Baronet, and Richard Robinson, Esquire, to sell certain Lands of John Robinson, Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and leasing of other Lands for making Provision for his younger Children.

7. An act for making void certain Conveyances made by Carill Lord Mollineux in the late Times.

8. An act to confirm a Deed made by Charles Pitcarne, Esquire.

9. An act for the Naturalisation of Dame Elizabeth Jacob, and others.

10. An act for the Naturalising of George Willoughby, and others.

11. An act for Confirming An act for Naturalising of Peter De La Pierre alias Peters and John De La Pierre alias Peters.

12. An act to enable Edward Marquess of Worcester to receive the Benefit and Profit of a Water Commanding Engine by him invented, one tenth Part whereof is appropriated for the Benefit of the king's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

13. An act for settling an Annuity of three hundred Pounds per Annum upon Charles Earl of Portland, and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitlocke, Bulstrode Whitlocke, and Carleton Whitlocke, Infants, and for Confirming of Agreements made to compose Suits in Law against them.

14. An act for settling the charitable Gift of John Guest.

15. An act to enable Sir John Packington and his Trustees, to sell or otherwise dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children.

16. An act to enable Edward Chalomer, Esquire, to make Provision for Anne his Wife, and his younger Children.

17. An act for the Naturalising of Charlotte Hessen Killigrew, and others.

18. An act to empower Sir John Drake, and others, to make Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Portion of Ellen Briscoe, Widow.

19. An act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard Senior and Anthony Senior deceased, for Payment of some of their Debts.

