Private Acts passed in 1664, 16 7 17 Charles 2 c.1 - c.17.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 8; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 3.
---

1. AN Act to enable Sir Edward Hungerford, Knight of the Bath, to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon.

2. An act for the Enabling of Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the Elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel Sandys, for Payment of Debts.

3. An act for Confirming a Deed of Settlement between the Earl of Thanet and his younger Brothers.

4. An act to enable the Bishop of Winchester to convey one hundred Acres of Land, lying in the great disparked Park of Bishops Waltham in the Parish of Bishops Waltham in the County of Southampton, upon the Rector of the said Parish Church of Bishops Waltham and his successors, in lieu of all Tithes and Payments for Tithes due to the said Rector and his Successors for Waltham Parks.

5. An act to enable the Lord Henry Powlett, George Withers, and John Mempesson, to sell the Manor of Abbotts Anne in the County of Southampton.

6. An act to enable Henry Lord Lougborough to make the River and Sewer Navigable from or near Bristowe Causy in the County of Surrey, into the River of Thames.

7. An act to enable Trustees for the Lord Strangford to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

8. An act for Restoring of Sir Charles Stanley in Blood.

9. An act for the Settling of several Manors, Lands and Tenements of Sir Jacob Astley, lying in the Counties of Norfolk and Warwick.

10. An act for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carr, Baronet.

11. An act for making the River of Medway Navigable in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

12. An act for making diverse Rivers Navigable, or otherwise passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

13. An act for settling of Differences between the Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth, touching the Lading and Unlading of Herrings, and other Merchandises and Commodities.

14. An act for the Naturalising Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others.

15. An act for Confirming of an Act, intituled, An act to Enable Joseph Micklethwaite an Infant and his Trustees to sell Land for Payment of his father's Debts.

16. An act for the Enabling of Thomas Juckes of Treliddan in the County of Mountgomery, Esquire, to sell Lands for the payment of his Debts, and raising of younger Childrens Portions.

17. An act to enable Francis Lee, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and to make Provision for his Children.

