Private acts passed in 1667, 19 Charles 2 c.1 - c.19.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. AN Act for Naturalising of Hesther Le Lou, the daughter and Coheir of Gidson Le Lou, Lord of Coliumbers in Normandy, the now Wife of the Right Honourable Denzill, Lord Hollis of Ifield.

2. An Act for Confirming, Explaining and Enlarging an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Abergavenny, Son and Heir of Henry late Lord Abergavenny, to sell certain Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sisters.

3. An Act for the Illegitimation of the Children of the Lady Anne Roos.

4. An Act for Sale of a Message in Chiswicke, for Payment of the Debts of Edward Russell, Esquire.

5. An Act for Confirmation of a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Seymour Shirley, Baronet.

6. An Act for settling the Moiety of the Manor of Iron Acton on Sir John Pointz.

7. An Act for settling an Estate in Trust for the Benefit of Mrs. Elizabeth Pride and her Children.

8. An Act for the ascertaining the Bounds of the several Rectories of Swafham Saint Ciriac, and of Swafham Saint Maries, within the Town of Swafham Prior in the County of Cambridge, and for the Uniting of the two Churches there.

9. An Act for the Restoring of Francis Scawen, Gentleman, in Blood.

10. An Act for Naturalising Dame Mary Frazer, and others.

11. An Act to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts of Henry Kendall, Esquire.

12. An Act for settling Part of the Lands of Henry Mildmay, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

13. An Act to enable Leicester Grosvenor and his Trustees, to sell certain Lands for Payment of Debts.

14. An Act for settling Part of the Possessions of John late Earl of Clare deceased, and enabling Gilbert Earl of Clare his Son and Heir, to dispose of some other Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Portions.

15. An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, to make Leases for three Lives of certain Lead Mines.

16. An Act for Confirmation of an Exchange of certain Lands, between Horatio Lord Townsend and the Rector of East and West Reynham in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for the Naturalisation of Alvaro de Costa, and others.

18. An Act for settling the Lands therein mentioned upon Sir Richard Wiseman and John Plott and their Heirs, to enable them the better to perform a Trust.

19. An Act for exchanging certain Manors and Lands of William Palmes, Esquire, for other Lands settled upon him and his Issue by Mary his Wife.

