Private acts passed in 1670, 22 Charles 2 c.1 - c.25.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An Act for John Mannors, called Lord Roos, to marry again.

2. An Act for settling certain charitable Uses devised by John late Bishop of Rochester.

3. An Act for to enable Anthony Ashley, Esquire, Son of the Lord Ashley, to acknowledge Fines and suffer Recoveries of Lands and Hereditaments, whilst he is under the Age of twenty and one Years.

4. An Act for setting Part of the Estate of Dame Susan Bellasis Widow, late Wife of Sir Henry Bellasis deceased.

5. An Act for Confirming Purchasers Estates, and for settling the Differences between the Lady Elizabeth Lee and the Daughters and Coheirs of the late Earl of Downe.

6. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Lord Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands, for the Payment of the Remainder of his Debts.

7. An Act for the Enabling Sir William Gostwicke, Knight, to make a Jointure to Dame Mary his Wife.

8. An Act for Confirming the Estate of Sir Ralph Bankes in the manor of Thesbestet alias Thirsbestet, and other Lands in the County and Borough of Carmarthen.

9. An Act for Sale of Lands to pay the Debts, and raise Portions for the younger Children of Sir Cuthbert Heron, Baronet.

10. An Act to enable Dame Elizabeth Routh, Mother and Executrix of the Last Will and Testament of Dorothy Farewell Widow deceased, late the Relict and Executrix of John Farewell late of the Inner Temple, London, Esquire, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for settling the Manor or Lordship of Firbecke in the County of York, and other Lands therein mentioned, on Trustees, to enable them to sell the same for the Payment of Debts.

12. An Act for the Building of a Mansion house for the Dean of St. Paul's Church, London.

13. An Act concerning the Disposing of a House and Lands belonging to the Sisters and Coheirs of Margaret Strode.

14. An Act for Endowment of a Church at Shadwell, now in the Parish of Stepney in Middlesex, and making of it Parochial distinct from Stepney.

15. An Act for settling the Draining of the Fens in Lincolnshire called Deeping Fenns.

16. An Act for making Navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney.

17. An act to enable Thomas Herd, Esquire, to make Leases of his Estate.

18. An Act to enable Richard Beckham and Others, to sell Lands, to pay his father's Debts, and to raise portions for his younger Brothers.

19. An Act to enable John Bill, Esquire, to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surry.

20. An Act for Enabling Thomas Leigh, Esquire, to sell Part of his lands, for Payment of Debts.

21. An Act to enable Robert Hotchkin, to sell Lands, to pay Debts, and raise Portions for Daughters.

22. An Act to enable Henry and Jane Perkins, to insure to Doctor Wharton Lands purchased in the County Palatine of Durham.

23. An Act to enable Thomas Davison to sell Lands, to pay Debts, and provide for younger Children.

24. An Act for the Naturalisation of Captain Christopher Onnman, and others.

25. An Act for the Naturalising of Horatio Woodhouse, and others.

