Private acts passed in 1671, 22 & 23 Charles 2 c.1 - c.30.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act to enable Christopher Duke of Albemarle to reconvey several Manors and Lands mortgaged to George late Duke of Albemarle his Father.

2. An act to enable the guardians of Charles earl of Shrewsbury and John Talbot, esquire, infants, to dispose of certain manors, lands and tenements, for the benefit of the said infants.

3. An act for confirming agreements between the lord viscount of Stafford and his lady, and their customary tenants and copyholders.

4. An act to enable the making conveyances of part of the estate of James lord Norreys during his minority.

5. An act to enable Robert Lord Bishop of Bangor, and Isaac Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, and their respective Successors for ever, to let for one and twenty Years all Lead Mines in their Soil.

6. An act for impowering the executors and trustees of Henry late lord Ingram, viscount Irwin in the kingdom of Scotland, deceased, to sell certain lands for the payment of debts and legacies.

7. An act for granting to Sir Philip Howard and Francis Watson, esquire, the sole use of a manufacture, art or invention, for the benefit of shipping.

8. An act to enable Francis Courtney esquire, to join with Sir William Courtney his father, in a conveyance for settling their estate.

9. An act for the better payment of the debts of Sir Clifford knight, deceased, and raising portions for his daughters.

10. An act for settling an agreement between Sir William Smith and Sir Thomas Hooke, baronets, German Poole, and others.

11. An act to enable the daughters and coheirs of Sir John Fitz James to join in a sale of lands for payment of his debts.

12. An act for the better explanation of an act made in this present parliament, entituled, for the making of the church at Falmouth a parish church, and no part of the parish of Gluvias or chapelry of Saint Burdocke.

13. An act to enable Elizabeth, Mary and Letitia Hammond, to sell certain lands in the bill mentioned.

14. An act for the rectifying a mistake of dates of deeds mentioned in an act of parliament, intituled, An act to enable John Bill, esquire, to sell certain lands in Kent and Surrey. 22 Car. 2. c. 19.

15. An act for an exchange and sale of lands for payment of the debts of Benedict Hall, esquire.

16. An act for the settling the manor of Portswood, and other lands, late of John Knight, gentleman, in the county and town and county of Southampton, in John Parker, sergeant at law, Mr. William Morgan, and William Blennerhasset of London, gentleman, to be sold for payment of debts.

17. An act for vesting and settling the fee simple of certain lands on his Majesty his heirs and successors, which have been taken into and spoiled by making new fortifications about the town of Portsmouth.

18. An act for explaining of a proviso contained in an act, intituled, An act for settling the profits of the post-office, and power of granting wine licences, on his royal highness the duke of York and the heirs males of his body.

19. An act for building Arundell house, and the tenements thereunto belonging.

20. An act to enable Charles Howard, esquire, and Mary his wife, to levy a fine, and suffer a recovery, of their estate in the manor of Darking.

21. An act to enable Henry Booth, esquire, to levy fines, and suffer recoveries.

22. An act to enable Sir Andrew Hacket, knight, to settle a portion of money on Mary Hacket his daughter.

23. An act for settling the manor of Shabbington, for payment of the debts of Sir William Clarke, baronet.

24. An act to enable trustees to sell the manors, lands and leases of Sir Thomas Ogle, knight, deceased, for raising a portion, and present maintenance for his daughter and heir, and payment of his debts.

25. An act for improving the navigation between the town of Boston and the river of Trent.

26. An act for settling and preferring the navigation of the river Wey in the county of Surrey.

27. An act for uniting the vicarage and parsonage of Rosse in the county of Hereford.

28. An act for making the manor of Parisgarden a parish, and to enable the parishioners of Saint Saviours, Southwark, to raise a maintenance for ministers, and for repair of their church.

29. An act for sale of part of the estate of Thomas Herlackenden, esquire, for satisfaction of a debt due to his Majesty.

30. An act for settling lands intended by John Sams for charitable uses.

