Private acts passed in 1676, 29 Charles 2 c.1 - c.14.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act to enable Robert earl of Manchester to sell lands for payment of his debts, and for settling other lands of a greater value in lieu of those appointed to be sold.

2. An act for rectifying a mistake in a general settlement of the lord Mainard's estate, upon the marriage of his son.

3. An act to enable the right honourable the lady Mary Mordant to make sale of her interest in the manor of Blichingley, and divers lands in the county of Surrey, notwithstanding her minority.

4. An act for payment of the debts of Charles late lord viscount Kilmorey of the kingdom of Ireland, and for raising of portions for Byron Needham and Charles Needham two of his younger sons.

5. An explanatory and supplemental act for the better enabling Sir Francis Compton to make sale and dispose of the manor of Hammerton or any part thereof, in the county of Huntington.

6. An act to enable Sir Edward Hungerford, knight of the Bath, to make leases for years of Hungerford house in the Strand, in the parish of Saint Martins in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, and of certain houses and tenements thereunto adjoining.

7. An act to enable Herbert Awbrey and his trustees to sell lands for payment of his debts.

8. An act for settling a maintenance on the vicar of All-hallows in the town of Northampton.

9. An act to enable Thomas Barkley, esquire, and his trustees, to sell lands for payment of the debts of the said Thomas Barkley, and raising portions for his younger children.

10. An act for naturalizing of Alice Rushout, daughter of Sir James Rushout, baronet.

11. An act for naturalization of Jacob David, and others.

12. An act for the naturalization of Peter Reven, and others.

13. An act to enable trustees to sell lands for payment of the debts of Edward Standish, esquire.

14. An act to enable the sale of certain lands in Winterborne Whitechurch in the county of Dorsett, lately belonging to Lawrence Squib, esquire, deceased.

