Private acts passed in 1676-7, 29 Charles 2 c.1 - c.21.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act for the ascertaining and establishing of the interest of the lord and copyhold tenants of the manors of West Derby and Wavertree in the county palatine of Lancaster, in relation to their fines and commons.

2. An act to enable the guardian of the right honourable Edward earl of Warwicke and Holland, to make leases of several messuages herein after mentioned, during his minority, rendering the improved rent.

3. An act to enable the right honourable Thomas lord Morley and Mount-eagle baron of Rye, to make sale of the manor of Farlton, and certain lands and hereditaments in Farlton in the county of Lancaster, for payment of debts.

4. An act to enable the trustees of Bryan viscount Cullen of the realm of Ireland to sell or dispose of lands in Elmesthorp in the county of Leicester, for the payment of debts, and raising a portion for his daughter.

5. An act to enable trustees to raise money upon Cobham House and parke.

6. An act to enable Sir John Cotton, baronet, to dispose of a messuage called St. Jermans, and lands therewith used near St. Albans in the county of Hertford, and to settle other lands in lieu thereof.

7. An act for confirmation of a decree made in the court of chancery the four and twentieth day of February, anno regni Regis Caroli secundi vicesimo septimo, in a cause between Sir Francis Rodes, baronet, since deceased, and dame Martha his wife, plaintiffs, and William Thornton an infant, by Ciprian Thornton his guardian, and John Thornton and the said Ciprian Thornton defendants, and of several conveyances and assurances made by the said Sir Francis Rodes in pursuance thereof, as well for payment of his debts as for provision for his wife and children.

8. An act to supply the defects in a deed of settlement made by John Coke, esquire, deceased, and for altering a trust in part of the estate of Robert Coke, esquire.

9. An act to enable Thomas Thynne of Longleat in the county of Wiltes, esquire, to settle a jointure on a wife, of certain lands, tenements and hereditaments therein mentioned.

10. An act for discharging the manor of Winstead in the county of York from a settlement in tail, and charging other manors and lands in the county of Lincoln of a greater value with the same uses.

11. An act for the settling certain lands belonging to William Gery of Bushmead in the county of Bedford, esquire, upon trustees to be sold for payment of debts.

12. An act for the veiling of certain manors and lands of Edward Bedell of Woodriseing in the county of Norfolk, esquire, in certain trustees to be sold, for payment of his debts, and for raising of portions for Diana Bedell, Isabella Bedell, and Anne Bedell, infants, daughters of the said Edward Bedell, and for such other children as shall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell upon the body of Isabella Bedell his now wife.

13. An act to enable Francis Brend, esquire, the surviving son and issue male of Sir Matthew Brend, knight, deceased, to sell certain lands for the raising of three thousand pounds for the portions of Frances and Elizabeth Brend the daughters of Thomas Brend, esquire, deceased, late elder brother of the said Francis Brend.

14. An act for the naturalizing of Jane de Galiere countess of Lincoln, and others.

15. An act for restoring the honour of baron Audley of Hely, to James lord Audley, and others herein mentioned.

16. An act for the appropriating the rectories of Llaurhayader in Mochnant in the counties of Denbigh and Montgomery and of Skeving in the county of Flint, for repairs of the cathedral church of Saint Asaph, and the better maintenance of the choir there, and also for the uniting several rectories sine cura, and the vicarages of the same parishes, within the diocess of St. Asaph aforesaid.

17. An act to enable the trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell lands for payment of debts.

18. An act for settling divers manors, farms and lands in the county of Hertford, now in the possession of Francis Shalcrosse, esquire, and for making provision for younger children, and payment of debts.

19. An act to enable trustees to sell lands for the raising of money to pay the debts of John Samine, esquire.

20. An act to enable trustees to sell lands for payment of the debts of John Herring, deceased.

21. An act to enable trustees to sell lands for payment of the debts of Sir William Thorold late of Hough in the county of Lincoln, knight, deceased.

