Private acts passed in 1688, 1 William & Mary session 1, c.1 - c.22.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An act for annulling and making void the attainder of William Russel, esq; commonly called lord Russel.

2. An act for exhibiting a bill in this present parliament for naturalizing the most noble prince George of Denmark.

3. An act for the naturalization of the most noble prince George of Denmark, and settling his precedence.

4. An act for naturalizing Frederick count Schonberg, and others.

5. An act to enable Younger Cook, esq; to sell lands to pay his debts, and provide for his younger children.

6. An act for the naturalization of Henry de Nassau, and others.

7. An act for the annulling and making void the attainder of Algernon Sidney, esq;

8. An act for annulling and making void the attainder of Alice Lisle, widow.

9. An act for the sale or leasing the capital messuage, late Henry Coventry's, esq; in Piccadilly.

10. An act for building into tenements the remaining part of Arundel ground, as now inclosed.

11. An act for the naturalization of Anne Astley, and others.

12. An act for the better assuring the manor of Silton, and demising other lands and tenements in Silton in the county of Salop, unto Joseph Soley, gent. and his heirs.

13. An act to enable Robert Penwarn to sell lands, to pay his brothers and sisters portions, and also to pay debts.

14. An act to make good a recovery suffered by the earl of Peterborough and lord Mordant.

15. An act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a jointure for his wife, and to charge monies on part of his estate in Yorkshire.

16. An act for reverting the attainder of Henry Cornish, esq; late aiderman of the city of London.

17. An act for erecting a court of conscience at Newcastle upon Tyne.

18. An act for erecting courts of conscience in the cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and the liberties thereof.

19. An act for the better regulating the salt works in Droitwich.

20. An act to enable Thomas Chettel to sell part of his estate, for payment of his debts, and making provision for his wife and children.

21. An act to enable trustees to grant leases of the estate of Richard Heley, esq;

22. An act for enabling of Hannah Sherley, widow, and Mary Battilbey alias Sherley, her daughter, to settle and dispose of certain lands and tenements in the counties of Middlesex and Essex.

