Private acts passed in 1689, 2 William & Mary, session 1, c.1 - c.18.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An act for making Worthenbury a distinct parish from Bangor.

2. An act to supply a defect in an act of the last parliament, for sale and leasing of a house late Mr. secretary Coventry's in Piccadilly.

3. An act to enable John Wolstenholm, esq; to sell lands to pay debts.

4. An act to illegitimate any child or children that Jane the wife of John Lewknor, esq; hath had, or shall have, during her elopement from him.

5. An act to enable Algernoon earl of Essex to make a wife a jointure, and for raising of monies for payment of 6000l. borrowed to make up the lady Morpeth's portion; and to make a settlement of his estate on his marriage.

6. An act for making some provision for the daughters and younger sons of Anthony earl of Shaftesbury.

7. A bill for the sale of the capital messuage or mansion house of Harleford, and manor of Great Marlow, and other lands in the county of Bucks.

8. A bill to enable Sir Robert Fenwick to sell lands for payment of his debts.

9. A bill for confirming a settlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton, baronet, for a separate maintenance for dame Dorothea his wife, and for other trusts; and for the better enabling trustees to sell part of his estate for payment of his debts.

10. A bill whereby the freehold and inheritance of the manor of Loleworth alias Lollworth, and the advowson of the church of Loleworth alias Lollworth, in the county, of Cambridge, and divers other lands and hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said county, are vested in Altham Smith of Gray's Inn in the county of Middlesex, esq; and William Gore of London, merchant, and their heirs, in fee-simple in possession, to the use of them and their heirs, in trust for John Edwards of Debdon Hall in the county of Essex, esq; and his heirs, to the intent the same may be sold.

11. A bill to enable Sir Humphry Forester to settle and dispose lands.

12. A bill to enable Thomas Berenger, esq; to sell lands for payment of his debts.

13. A bill to vest the estate of Cadwallador Wynee, esq; in trustees, for the payment of his debts.

14. A bill for the naturalizing of David le Grand, and others.

15. An act for confirming to the governor and company trading to Hudson's bay, their privileges and trade.

16. An act for the encouraging and better establishing the manufacture of white paper in this kingdom.

17. An act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler to sell lands for payment of debts.

18. An act for the granting to Elizabeth, relict of John Hobby, esq; and now the wife of the lord Alexander, son and heir apparent of Henry earl of Starling, in the kingdom of Scotland, one annuity or yearly rent charge of 450l. for her life, in satisfaction of 500l. per annum in lands, which she was to have for her jointure.

