Private acts passed in 1690, 2 William & Mary, session 2, c.1 - c.26.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An act for the enabling the sale of the manor of Kempton and Kempton Park, and other lands late of Francis Phelips, esq; deceased.

2. An act to enable Dacres Barret, alias Lennard, esq; to charge the reversion of his estate in England with the sum of 1500l.

3. An act to prohibit the covering of houses, and other buildings, with thatch or straw, in the town of Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

4. An act to vest divers messuages and tenements (the estate of David Big, esq;) in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money to be raised thereby in the purchase of lands more to his convenience, to be settled to the same uses.

5. An act to vest the manor and lands late of George Vilet, esq; in trustees, to be sold for raising portions for his daughters.

6. An act to enable Elizabeth Montague, widow, to let leases for years of houses and ground in Stepney in the county of Middlesex.

7. An act for securing the portion of Elizabeth Lucy, and breeding her up a protestant; and for transferring the trust for that purpose.

8. An act for the enabling of trustees to sell certain lands of Richard Cooke, deceased, to pay debts, and to raise a portion for his daughter.

9. An act to enable Philip Hideyard, esq; to sell lands in Surrey, and to settle lands in Lincolnshire in lieu thereof.

10. An act to annul and make void a marriage between Mary Wharton an infant, and James Campbel, esq;

11. An act for vesting divers lands in trustees, to be sold for the payment of certain debts of Saintleger Scroop, esq;

12. An act for the better enabling Jane Bray, widow, the relict and sole executrix of the last will of Reginald Bray, esq; deceased, and others, to the speedier raising the portions already appointed for her daughters by the said Reginald Bray.

13. An act for the naturalizing of Francis de la Chambre, and others.

14. An act for selling the estate of Henry Serle, esq; deceased.

15. An act to free the estate of Sir Samuel Barnardiston from several incumbrances, occasioned by a judgment given against him, upon an information in the court of King's Bench.

16. An act to give Catharine lady Cornbury certain powers to act as if she were of full age.

17. An act to bar a remainder limited to Dudley Bagnal, esq; in the estate of Nicholas Bagnal, esq; in Ireland.

18. An act for the limiting the power of James now earl of Salisbury, to cut off the intail of his estate.

19. An act for the vesting several messuages and tenements in the city of London, late the estate of John Bains, gent, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of debts.

20. An act for raising money out of the estate of Thomas Williams, esq; deceased, by letting leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy payment of his debts.

21. An act to enable Thomas Sheaf to sell lands, for payment of debts, and making provision for his wife, according to an agreement for that purpose.

22. An act for the settling a charity given by Robert Ask, esq; to the company of haberdashers, London.

23. An act to enable Thomas earl of Ailesbury, and Elizabeth countess of Ailesbury his wife, to make provision for payment of debts, and to make leases of their estates.

24. An act for incorporating the proprietors of the water works in York Buildings, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said water works.

25. An act for vesting certain lands (the estate of Thomas Mainwaring, gent.) in trustees, to be sold for payment of debts.

26. An act to enable John Rosseter esq; to sell lands for payment of debts.

