Private Acts passed in 1691-2, 3 & 4 William and Mary, c.1 - c.42.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for making a twelve Years Lease, made by the Earl and Countess of Ailesbury, for Payment of Debts (which was determinable on their Deaths) to have Continuance absolutely for those twelve Years.

2. An Act for the settling a Fee-Farm Rent of one hundred Pounds per Annum upon the Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to be issuing out of Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected; for the settling and alluring the same, subject to the said Rent, upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

3. An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Putt, Bart. deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the Minority of Sir Thomas Putt, Bart. Son and Heir of the said Sir Thomas Putt, towards the Payment of 500l. apiece Legacies to his three Sisters, Margaret, Ursula, and Susanna Putt; as also the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Putt, the Father.

4. An Act for naturalising Sir Martin Beckman, and others.

5. An Act for Sale of the Manor of, and Lands in Wittering, in the County of Northampton, and the advowson of the Church of Wittering aforesaid, and late the Inheritance of William Stydolph, Esq; deceased, late Father of Sygismond Stydolph, Esq;

6. An Act for settling a jointure on Jane the Wife of Colonel Edward Matthews, Daughter of Sir Thomas Armstrong deceased.

7. An Act for the vesting and settling diverse Lands in glou cestershire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the remaining Portions to the Children of George Montague, Esq; deceased.

8. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Thorp Langton, and elsewhere, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Richard Roberts, Esq; and for raising Portions for his Daughters.

9. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Manworthy, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicholas Martyn, Esq; by Trustees herein after named, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Nicholas Martyn.

10. An Act to vest the Estate late of Henry Drax, Esq; deceased, in Thomas Shatterden, Gent. and to enable the said Thomas Shatterden, and others, to whom the said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure.

11. An Act for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum, Bart. to raise Monies to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions.

12. An Act to enable the Sale of several Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Maurice Shelton, and others; and for settling other Lands instead of them.

13. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edward Smith, Esq; deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, and to make a Provision for his Children, who are Infants.

14. An Act for the enabling of Sir Thomas Burton, Bart. to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

15. An Act to enable William Davile to sell some Lands for Payment of Debts.

16. An Act for the enabling the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Winchelsea to settle a jointure upon any Wife he shall marry during his Minority.

17. An Act for the better enabling the Trustees and Executors of Richard Campion, deceased, to perform his Will.

18. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Right Honourable James Lord Waldgrave to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord Waldgrave, his Father, deceased.

19. An Act for enabling Francis More, Esq; to sell the Manor of Bayhouse, and Lands in West Thorocke in the County of Essex; and to purchase and settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

20. An Act for enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements held of the Manors of Albury and North Mimms in the County of Hertford.

21. An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury.

22. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Cripps, Gent. in the County of Kent, and for settling another Estate of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

23. An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molineux, Gent. in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 2000l. for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

24. An Act for naturalising of Mainhard Duke of Leinster, and others.

25. An Act for the enabling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, together with the said Earl, to make a jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope.

26. An Act to enable Henry Halstead to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Eald-street in the Church of St. Paul, London.

27. An Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bushley in the County of Worcester, Part of the Bishopric of London; and to purchase other Lands, to be annexed to the said Bishopric, for the Improvement thereof.

28. An Act for the settling of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, towards the Payment of the Debts of William Vaughan and Jenkin Vaughan, Esq; deceased.

29. An Act for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esq; to lease Part of his Manor of Golthoe in Lincolnshire, for the raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereupon.

30. An Act for naturalising of Armand Nompar de Commant, commonly called Marquiss of Monpavillan, and others.

31. An Act to enable the Trustees of James late Earl of Suffolk, to sell the Manor of Hadstock in Essex, and for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl, from 5,000l. Remainder of 10,000l. by him formerly charged thereon.

32. An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Elizabeth Curtis, Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, made between Charles Curtis in his lifetime, and Edward Earl, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery.

33. An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincoln, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled.

34. An Act for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Charles Pelham of Brokelsby, in the County of Lincoln, Esq; the Sum of 5000l. with Interest unto Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles.

35. An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsley in Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Philip Hildeyard, Esq;

36. An Act for the better assuring to George Vernon and his Heirs and Assigns, four Acres of Land in Ebisham, in the County of Surrey.

37. An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in the Parish of St. Paul's Shadwell in the County of Middlesex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks.

38. An Act to vest diverse Manors, Lands, and Tenements in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir William Halford, Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir William Halford now living, prior to his Marriage settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife.

39. An Act for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromley, and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Newton, Widow, Relict of Samuel Newton, late of the Island of Barbadoes in America, Esq; deceased, and John Newton, Esq; Son and Heir of the said Samuel, by the said Barbara.

40. An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler, Bart. to sell Lands to pay his Debts.

41. An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground in the Parish of St. James's, and St. Martin in the Fields, late the Estate of Henry Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold.

42. An Act to enable John Keble, Gent. to sell certain Lands in Stow Market in the County of Suffolk, and to settle other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses.
