Private Acts passed in 1692-3, 4 & 5 William and Mary, c.1 - c.34.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions, for his Children.

2. An Act for vesting the Estate real and personal, late of Henry Hawley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susan and Mary, who are both Infants.

3. An Act for clearing and removing some Doubts which may arise in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents in the Counties of Lincoln, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands, to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled.

4. An Act to enable Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, an Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, to make a Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York, in the County of the City of York, and Westmoreland.

5. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Sir Anthony Brown, Baronet, deceased, and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon.

6. An Act to enable Alexander Popham, Esq; to settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of 12000l. Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts.

7. An Act to enable Sir George Parker of Ratton in the County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority.

8. An Act to enable William Wake, Gent. and William Wake, Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, within the Manor of Shipwick, in the County of Dorset.

9. An Act for the rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, passed in the Year 1691. intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molyneux, Gent. in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 2000l. for paying the Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

10. An Act for the enabling Sir William Mannock, Baronet, to charge his Estate for the raising his younger Childrens Portions.

11. An Act for settling the Manor of Kings North, for the enabling Barnbam Powel, Esq; to make Provision for his younger Children.

12. An Act to enable Ralph Macclesfield to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

13. An Act for dividing the Chapelries of North Chapel and Dugton from the Parish of Petworth, and erecting them into new Parishes; and for settling the advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Rectories of Petworth, North Chapel, Dungton, Clower, Farnham Royal, Worplesdon, Kirby, Overblows, and Catton, and the Vicarage of Long Horsley.

14. An Act for the Sale of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Francis Osbaston, Esq; deceased, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and raising ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Osbaston, his Daughter, chargeable upon the said Estate.

15. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Wroth, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of one and twenty Years.

16. An Act for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Anthony Danby, Esq; and for making Provision for his Brothers and younger Children, and for Payment of his Debts.

17. An Act for confirming the Sale of certain Wood Lands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac Woollaston and Richard Woollaston, Esquires.

18. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Henry Baynton, Esq; deceased, and for raising a Portion for his Daughter.

19. An Act to enable Richard Walthall, Esq; to sell Lands for the Payment of Portions and Debts.

20. An Act for the better Assurance of the Manor of Wood Lands, and Hundred of Knoulton, unto Edward Seymour, Esq;

21. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Matthew Pitt, Esq; and Robert Pitt, Gent. for the Payment of Debts, and to settle the rest of the Lands upon the said Matthew and Robert, and the Wife of the said Robert, and their Issue.

22. An Act for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle, Lord Viscount Shannon, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

23. An Act to enable Humphry Lord Bishop of Bangor, to make a Lease of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, London, for a competent Term of Years, in order to the new Building and improving the Rent thereof, for the Benefit of his Successors.

24. An Act for vesting the Manor of Bancroft, otherwise Thonocke, otherwise Lowthonocke, Hinton, otherwise Hengton, and other Lands in the County of Lincoln, Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, in Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Towers, Esq; and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter.

25. An Act to enable Thomas Goodwin the younger, to sell Lands for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

26. An Act to enable Roger Price, Esq; to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esq; deceased.

27. An Act to enable Sir John Williams, of Langibby Castle in the County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manors of Ewyas Lacy, Waterstone, and Trescaillan, and other Lands in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of Carwent, and other Lands in the County of Monmouth, for Payment of Debts.

28. An Act for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas Broomhall, Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace at Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts.

29. An Act for exchanging of several small Parcels of Land, in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, and Part of the Bishopric of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs.

30. An Act for the naturalising of Henry Shiebell, and others.

31. An Act for settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in Hameldon, in the County of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, and have been for diverse Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for enclosing and exchanging of Lands there.

32. An Act for the Sale of Lands by Sir Robert Smith, and settling other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

33. An Act for the vesting a Message and Lands in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Abraham Hinde, deceased.

34. An Act to enable Abel Atwood to sell some Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children.
