Private Acts passed in 1693-4, 5 & 6 William and Mary, c.1 - c.22.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act to enable John Vivian, Esq; and Thomas Vivian his Son, to sell some Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children; and for settling other Part of their Estate in lieu thereof.

2. An Act to indemnify the Trustees of James Clayton, Esq; for joining with him in selling Lands for Payment of his Debts.

3. An Act to enable Roger Whitley the Elder, Esq; and Thomas Whitley, Esq; to exchange certain Lands of equal Value, in the County of Chester.

4. An Act for Payment of the Debts of George Turner, Esq; deceased.

5. An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington, Baronet, to settle a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Wife, and to make Provision for their younger Children.

6. An Act to enable Thomas Earl of Thanet, and the Honourable Sackville Tuft on, his Brother, to make a Lease for Sixty Years of Thanet House, in the Parish of St. Botolph, Aldersgate, to commence after the Remainder of the term of One and thirty Years now in being.

7. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Frere, an Infant, to raise Monies for Inning and Recovering other Parts thereof now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon.

8. An Act for making a Bridge over the River Axe, in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act to enable John Whitehall to charge certain Lands with the Sum of 1500l. towards Portions for his younger Children.

10. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplyn, and Dorothy Chaplyn, her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, and making a Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy.

11. An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner, Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses, or Ground, in or near Lincolns Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of the younger Children.

12. An Act to enable Thomas Edwards to sell Part of his Estate for the Payment of Debts, and to restrain and disable him to commit Waste upon the Residue of the said Estate.

13. An Act for settling the Inheritance of some Part of the Estate of Charles Turner, Esq; (which lie dispersed) to himself and his Heirs, and settling an entire Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the Uses the said other Parts of his Estate were settled.

14. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Stephens, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon, and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons, who are Infants.

15. An Act to vest the Estate of Mary, Elizabeth, and Anne Mildway, and Edward Dixy and Arabella his Wife, and Lucy and Anne Mildmay, in Trustees, to be sold for satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon, and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit.

16. An Act for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard, Knight, deceased, late One of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England.

17. An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Staivell, lately deceased.

18. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Brent, Gent. deceased, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance for his Children, who are Infants.

19. An Act for vesting the Third Part of the Manor of Leckby, alias Letby, and other Lands in the County of York, in Trustees to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in Terling and Mack Leighs, in the County of Essex, of greater value, to and upon the same Uses,

20. An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St. John of Wapping in the County of Middlesex.

21. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverly, in Huntingtonshire, to be sold.

22. An Act for naturalising Johanna D'Offerel an Infant, and her Sister and Two Brothers, and others.
