Private Acts passed in 1694-5, 6 & 7 William 3 c.1 - c.30.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for rebuilding the Town of Warwick, and for determining Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by Reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

2. An Act for supplying certain Defects in the Directions made in and by a Deed of Trust, and the last Will of George Pitt, Esq; deceased, for settling his Estate.

3. An Act for naturalising Barnard Cosserat, alias Maurte, and Alexander Pringli, and others.

4. An Act for settling diverse Manors and Lands upon the Marriage of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grandson of the Duke of Bedford.

5. An Act to enable the Guardians of James Earl of Salisbury to make Leases of Salisbury House, and some other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for Improvement thereof by building.

6. An Act for confirming two Indentures tripartite, the one of Lease, the other of Release, made between the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Thanet Island, of the first Part, the Honourable Sackville Tufton, Esq; of the second Part, and the Honourable William Cheyne, Esq; and Sir Charles Tufton, Knt. of the third Part, and the Estates thereby settled.

7. An Act for the dividing and settling of the Estate of the Coheirs of John late Earl of Rochester, and for discharging Trusts thereupon.

8. An Act for the vesting the Manors of Earls Croome alias Jeffrys Croome, and Baughton in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling the Manor House and Royalty of Wainfleet St. Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, and diverse Lands, Parcel of the said Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; and to enable Sir Robert Berkham, Bart. to make Provision for his younger Children.

9. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands of Sir Gervase Clifton, Bart. in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children.

10. An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister, and for the impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Marshal, deceased, to imploy Monies for the finishing the said Parish Church.

11. An Act to confirm a Grant made by the Rector of the united Parishes of St. Michael Royal, and St. Martin in the Ventrey, London, of Part of St. Martin's Churchyard.

12. An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Lands of Henry Northly, Esq; lately deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his Children.

13. An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John Estoft of Etton, in the County of York, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold towards Payment of the Debts of the said John Estoft, and raising Portions for his Daughters.

14. An Act to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Brian Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, deceased, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to sell Lands for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Brian Ropers, in Performance of his said Will.

15. An Act for ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Lease of Marion Meare, in the County of Lancaster, made by the Earl of Derby and others, to Thomas Fleetwood, Esq;

16. An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees, to be sold for the better Provision of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch, Esq; deceased.

17. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands in Kent, and Sussex, of John Carlye, Esq; for the Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for younger Children, and to supply the Defects of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes.

18. An Act to vest certain Lands of Sir William Chaitor, Bart. in Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children.

19. An Act for enabling Sir Paul Whitchcott, Knt. and Bart. and Dame Jane his Wife, to make Leases for ninety-nine Years, of the Manor of Tooting Graveny, and any of their Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Tooting Graveney, Tooting Beak, and Streatham, in the County of Surrey, for the better improvement thereof.

20. An Act to enable William Wanley, an Infant under the Age of twenty-one Years, to new build several Messuages or Tenements in Axe-yard, King-street, Westminster, and to enable his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the same.

21. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jonathan Webb, Esq; for Discharge of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon.

22. An Act to enable Elizabeth Howland, the Widow of John Howland, Esq; deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his sole Daughter and Heir, and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland for her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Josiah Child, and the said Widow Howland, Grandfather and Mother of the said Heir, in disposing of the Personal Estate belonging to her, upon her Preferment in Marriage, though being under the Age of twenty-one Years.

23. An Act for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements, the Estate of George Gilbert Pierce of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; in Trustees, for the raising Monies for the Payment of his Debts.

24. An Act for making salt Water fresh.

25. An Act to enable Trustees of William Gauge, Esq; to raise Money by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of the Timber growing thereon.

26. An Act for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare, Bart. lately deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children.

27. An Act to enable Peter Gallop, Gent. to sell a Farm and certain Lands called Wantsley, and to vest the Inheritance thereof in fee simple, in such Person or Persons who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him, subject only to the Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Principal Money, with the Interest thereof, due and to grow due unto the executory Estate of Robert Merefield Gent. deceased.

28. An Act for selling the Estate of John Kirk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

29. An Act to enable Hannah Woollaston, Widow, and Jonathan her Son, an Infant, to sell certain Lands and Tenements in Warnford, in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard Woollaston, Esq; deceased.

30. An Act for reversing the Attainder of Jacob Leister, and others.
