Private Acts passed in 1695-6, 7 & 8 William 3 c.1 - c.41.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for enabling the Lady Katharine Fane to sell the Reversion of certain fee-farm Rents given her by her Grandfather John Bence, Esq;

2. An Act for enabling Sir Thomas Parkyns, Bart, to sell certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Huby, and Easing-Would, in the County of York, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in lieu thereof.

3. An act to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount, Bart, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of his eldest Son.

4. An Act for vesting the Manor of Madely, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for enabling Thomas Stoner, Esq; Son and Heir of John Stoner, Esq; deceased, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate in Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority.

6. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Lands belonging to Samuel Powell, Esq; in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

7. An Act to enable Anthony Earl of Kent, and Henry Grey his son and Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima, Wife of the said Henry Grey.

8. An Act to enable the Lord Francis Pawlet, to charge his Estate with Provisions for his younger Children.

9. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Nicholas Stoughton, and Sir Lawrence Stoughton, Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of their Debts, and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicholas Stoughton.

10. An Act to enable Richard Haynes, Esq; to settle a Jointure on his now Wife, and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stephens, Esq; deceased.

11. An Act for enabling Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir.

12. An Act to enable John Aunger, an Infant, and his Mother, to make a Lease of his Estate for the Improvement thereof.

13. An Act to enable Trustees to fill Part of the Manor of Barkhamstead, and pay off the Incumbrances charged on the same, and to lay out the Overplus in an Estate to be settled as the said Manor is now vested.

14. An Act for naturalising Henry de Nassau, and other Children of Henry de Nassau, Signior du Auverquerque.

15. An Act to enable John Fownes, Esq; to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage, and to settle other Lands of an equal Value to the same Uses.

16. An Act to enable Trustees to exchange Lands of Sir James Chamberlain, Bart, an Infant, lying in the Common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of Oxford, for the like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Enclosure.

17. An Act to enable the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, to raise upon themselves so much Money as will discharge their Debt for building their Parish Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other public Works there.

18. An Act to ascertain and settle the Payment of the Impropriate Tithes of the Parish of St. Lawrence Old Jury, in London, to the Master and Scholars of Balliol College in Oxford, and for confirming an Award made concerning the same.

19. An Act for naturalising James Stanhope, Esq; and others.

20. An Act for naturalising Solomon Fyme, and others.

21. An Act to confirm and establish an Exchange made between Thomas Rider, Esq; and Christopher Clitherow, Esq; of certain Messuages in London, for the Manors of Bilsington and other Lands in Kent, of the like Value.

22. An Act to enable Trustees to fill up Leases of the respective Estates of Bluet Wallop, Esq; and John Wallop, Gent. during their Minorities, and to purchase other Lands by the Fines thereby to be received, to the same Uses as the Estates so to be leased are already settled.

23. An Act for enabling Trustees to sell the Manor of Pespoole, in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of William Milford, an Infant, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the rest of the said infant's Estate.

24. An Act for impowering the most noble Anne, Duchess of Buckcleugh, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Dalkeith, her Son, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to grant Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

25. An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money for the making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquess and Marchioness of Tavistock, at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

26. An Act to naturalise William, commonly called Viscount Tunbridge, and other Children of the Earl of Rockford.

27. An Act for the better Improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen-street.

28. An Act to enable Trustees to sell a Messuage, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, late Sir Robert Sawyers, Knt. deceased, and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act for settling diverse Lands and rent charges, on the Rector of the Church of Maydwell, in the County of Northampton, and his Successors; and in lieu thereor for settling other Lands, and discharging Tithes belonging to the said Church, according to several Agreements between the Patron and the said Rector, made upon the enclosing of Lands in Maydwell, and afterwards, with Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the Court of Chancery.

30. An Act for settling the Personal Estate of Richard Jones, Esq; and Mary Gifford, Spinster, Minors, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for the better supplying the City of Bristol with fresh Water.

32. An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

33. An Act for making good the last Will of Sir William Barkham, Baronet, deceased, and vesting of Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

34. An Act to enable Sir Charles Heron, Bart, to sell Lands for Payment of a Portion and Debts.

35. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Wagstaff, Knt. to raise and secure a Portion for Frances his only Daughter and Heir apparent.

36. An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of Shipton Mallet in the County of Somerset, and divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon, and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sands, Esq; and her Children.

37. An act for making the Towns of Stretton, and Princethorpe, a separate Parish from Woolston, in the County of Warwick.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson, Esq; in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters.

39. An Act for Sale of Lands in Horsington in the County of Somerset, Part of the Estate of William Ridout an Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon, and for preserving the Residue of the Estate for the Infant.

40. An Act for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Bigg and his Wife in Chislet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children.

41. An Act for revesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tutbury, Forest of Needwood, several Manors, Parks, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits thereunto belonging, and for vacating certain Letters Patent therein mentioned.
