Private Acts passed in 1697-8, 9 & 10 William 3 c.1 - c.62.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for vesting in Sydenham Baker, Gent. an absolute Estate of Inheritance in fee simple, in a certain Rent, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and securing to John Baker, Gent. and Henry Baker, an Infant, his Son, Monies in lieu of their Claims thereunto.

2. An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his successors, to Lease the Manor House, and Demesne Lands of Downham, in the Isle of Ely, and for confirming a Lease lately thereof made by the said Bishop, and for clearing the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there.

3. An Act to enable Sir Francis Guybon, and Dame Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees, sell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands, in or near Gunthorp, in the County of Norfolk, and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

4. An Act for the Naturalisation of Gerard Maesacker and others.

5. An Act to enable Rebecca Lassells, Widow, to sell Copyhold lands and Houses in Ealing in the County of Middlesex.

6.. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Farrington, Esq; lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey (settled upon the Marriage of William Farrington, his Nephew) and with the Monies arising thereby for purchasing of other lands in Lancashire, where the ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the same Uses.

7. An Act to enable the Trustees of William Knott, Gent. and his Wife, to sell a Lease of Houses in Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts, and to settle another Estate of better Value in lieu thereof

8. An Act to enable Thomas Kinnersey, Esq; an Infant, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate.

9. An Act for naturalising Dudley Vesey, an Infant.

10. An Act to enable John Lewin to sell certain messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for dissolving, the Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfield, and Anne his Wife, and to illegitimate the Children of the said Anne.

12. An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases of certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, situate in Chancery lane, for a competent Number of Years.

13. An Act to naturalise Charles May, Esq.

14. An Act to rectify a mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Gardener, Esq.

15. An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named, to make, renew, and fill up Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bamfylde, during the Minority of the said Sir Coppleston Warwick Bamfylde, and John Bampfylde his Brother.

16. An Act for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon.

17. An Act for erecting hospitals, Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon, and for the better relief of the Poor there.

18. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Workhouses, within the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, for the better imploying and maintaining the Poor thereof.

19. An Act for confirming and establishing the administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin, Knight, deceased.

20. An Act for the naturalising of John Francis Fauquire, Joseph Ducasse; and others.

21. An Act for the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare, Baronet, to make a Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his young Children.

22. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Hewit, Esq; lying in the County of Middlesex, settled upon his Marriage, and with money arising thereby, for purchasing other Lands in Leicestershire, where his Estate and seat lies, to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Wriothesley Baptist, late Earl of Gainsborough, deceased.

24. An Act to annex the Rectory of Whitborne, in Herefordshire, to the Bishop of Hereford.

25. An Act for the better settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Lisburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountess Lisburne, his Wife.

26. An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner, Esq; his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon their Estate.

27. An Act for the vesting several Lands, late belonging to Robert Smith, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts.

28. An act for vesting the Manors of Bailwick and Eaviles, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon, and for settling another Estate in lieu thereof.

29. An Act to enable Streynsham Master, Esq; to sell Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Marriage Articles, and to convey Lands in Derbyshire of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

30. An Act to enable Paris Slaughter, William Druce, Merchants, and Dame Elizabeth Chapman, to import several Bales of fine Italian thrown Silk into this Kingdom.

31. An Act for settling certain Lands in Essex. on Thomas Burgh, Esq; and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands of greater Value, conveyed by him, according to the Decree and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased.

32. An Act for vesting certain customary Messuages and Lands within the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset (late the Estate of Thomas Damis, Gent. deceased) in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

33. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Workhouses, within the City and County of the city of Exon, for the better imploying and maintaining the Poor there.

34. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Workhouses, within the City of Hereford, for the better imploying and maintaining the Poor there.

35. An Act to rectify some Mistakes in an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewin to sell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts.

36. An Act for vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Susanna Cary, Widow and Relict of Nicholas Cary, Esq; and others.

37. An Act for erecting Hospitals, and workhouses, within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for better imploying and maintaining the Poor thereof.

38. An Act to naturalise William Lloyd, Esq; and others.

39. An Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill, Knight, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, pursuant to his last Will, and Two Decrees in Chancery, for the Performance thereof.

40. An Act for vesting the Manor of Alveston, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to he sold for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for confirming a Lease made by the Lord Bishop of Winton, of a Parcel of waste Ground in Alverstock, in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Waterworks there, and for improving the same.

42. An Act for securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter, Baronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Walter, his second Wife, and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Construction of the Articles and Will therein mentioned.

43. An Act for Relief of the Creditors of Edward Backwell, Esq; deceased

44. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecil, and her Heirs.

45. An Act to confirm a Conveyance made by George Pitt, Esq; and others, of the Manors of Arrant, Preston, and other Lands in the County of Dorset, to John Pitt, Gent. and the Heirs Male of his Body.

46. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tine with fresh Water.

47. An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Imployment and Maintenance of the Poor there.

48. An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Shaftsbury, and for the better Imployment and Maintenance of the Poor.

49. An Act for naturalising of Peter Garon, and others.

50. An Act for naturalising Henry Reneu, and others.

51. An Act that the Ships Panther, Gloucester Frigate, Scarborough, and Antelope (formerly taken as Prizes, and condemned), may have Freedom of trading as English built Ships.

52. An Act for giving Leave to the Ship Maryland Merchant of Bristol, to arrive and import her Lading into this Kingdom.

53. An Act that the Ships called Ruby Prize, and Plimouth, may have Freedom of trading as English built Ships.

54. An Act for vesting a Copperas-work, late Part of the Estate of Robert Mascall, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon.

55. An Act for Sale of Three Houses in Swan Alley in Coleman street, London, late of Joseph Smith, deceased, for payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable.

56. An Act to enable John Jenkyn Merchant, to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

57. An Act to enable John Hawkes Gent. to sell Lands in the County of Salop, for the Payment of his Debts.

58. An Act to enable Humphry Walrond Gent. to sell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter (who are Lunaticks) and Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his other Children.

59. An act to give Leave to the Ship Sally Rose (formerly taken as Prize) to arrive and import her Lading, and to trade as an English built Ship.

60. An Act for vesting in Thomas Rogers Gent. an absolute Estate of Inheritance in fee simple, in the Manor of Westcourt, Mansion House, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent; and securing to John Higgons Gent. and Alice his Wife, and for Portions for Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Caesar, Monies in lieu of their Claims thereunto.

61. An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases, and grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits of the Estates late of Sir Edward Wyndham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Wyndham Esq; deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned.

62. An Act to enable Humphry Trafford Esq; to raise Four thousand Pounds upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.
