Private Acts passed in 1698-9, 10 & 11 William 3 c.1 - c.59.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 4.
---

1. An Act for the more easy and certain Payment of the Debts of Edward Earl of Derwentwater, by Sale of Woods and Timber; and for enabling him to raise Money for Discharge of Incumbrances upon Part of his Estate.

2. An Act for naturalising Elizabeth Farewell.

3. An Act for for naturalising Philip Lepell.

4. An Act for naturalising Bartholomew Ogilby, and others.

5. An Act for the Ships Margaret, and Friendship, of Bristol, to trade as free Ships.

6. An Act to naturalise James St. Pierre, John Denny, and Remand Flensbergh.

7. An Act to naturalise Charles de Siburg, and Francis St. George.

8. An Act to naturalise William Lloyd, Cornelius de Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd.

9. An Act to naturalise John Meoles.

10. An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Viner, Knight and Baronet, deceased.

11. An Act for the Naturalization of Theophilus Rabesiners, and others.

12. An Act for enabling George Penn, Esq; to sell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act to naturalize Philip de Chenevix, and others.

14. An Act to naturalize William Lower, William Darnel, and Peter Godby.

15. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Columbiere, and others.

16. An Act to naturalize George Burnet.

17. An Act to naturalize Mark Anthony Davisseins de Moncall, and David Loches.

18. An Act for the Naturalization of John Francis de Carcafonct, and others.

19. An Act for naturalizing Captain Thomas Brown, and others.

20. An Act to naturalize John de Philipneau, Sieur de Montargiore, and others.

21. An Act for naturalizing Peter Barailleau, and others.

22. An Act for the Ship Charles Flyboat of Exeter, to trade as a free Ship.

23. An Act to naturalize Isaac Gouyquette de St. Eloy.

24. An Act for settling Augmentations on certain Vicarages for ever.

25. An Act for confirming of a Grant and Settlement made by William Forster, Esq; of divers Manors and Lands in the County Palatine of Durham, and County of Northumberland, to Thomas Lord Fairfax, and others, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned.

26. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts.

27. An Act to enable Edward Price, Esq; to transfer a Charge of one thousand Pounds, for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the County of Hereford and Radnor, of better Value.

28. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of George Scot, Esq; to pay Debts, and raise Portions for his Brother and Sister, and to settle other Parts of his Estate.

29. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Dudley Vesey, in Hintlesham, in the County of Suffolk, for the Payment of his Debts.

30. An Act to enable Robert Aldworth, and his Wife, to sell their Estate in or near Wantage, in the County of Berks, for raising three hundred Pounds for Payment of his Debts, and for applying the Residue of the Money for purchasing some other Estate for the sole Use of his Wife and Children.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of a new Invention by Thomas Savery, for raising Water, and occasioning Motion to all Sorts Mill-work, by the impellent Force of Fire.

32. An Act to naturalize Scipio Guy, and others.

33. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Halwill, and Becket, in the County of Devon, the Estate of John Moor, for Payment of Debts.

34. An Act for vesting the Real Estate, late of Thomas Lascels, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts.

35. An Act to enable John Toung, Gent, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts and Legacies.

36. An Act to enable the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to build a Church, and endow the same, and for making the said Town and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton.

37. An Act to enable Thomas Okeover, Gent. Son and Heir Apparent of Rowland Okeover in the County of Stafford, Esq; together with the said Rowland Okeover, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Okeover.

38. An Act to enable Katharine Leeke, an Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, to settle and dispose of her Estate upon her Marriage.

39. An Act for vesting certain Lands of Sir Thomas Seyliard, Baronet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Sisters Portions, charged thereon.

40. An Act to enable Thomas Byde, Esq; an Infant (with the Consent of his Guardians and next Relations) to make a Contract for the buying in his Mother's Jointure, and to settle a small Estate in Great Amwell in the County of Hertford, and likewise for the securing and raising Portions for Barbara Byde, Sister to the said Thomas Byde, and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

41. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Lordington, alias Lurtington, and Whitwey, and divers Lands in the County of Sussex, and for laying out 5,000l. in purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof.

42. An Act to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, Esq; to sell Lands to pay Debts, and to purchase other Lands adjoining to and formerly Parcel of his Manor.

43. An Act for the vesting and settling the Estate of Anne Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias the Summer Islands, in America, in and upon Trustees, to be sold, and laying out the Money arising by such Sale in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges.

44. An Act for the enabling Cyriat Weslyd, Esq; to sell some Part of his Estate, which by Articles upon his Marriage was agreed to be settled upon his Wife and Children, and for settling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses.

45. An Act for the Ships Hawk and Rainbow to trade as English built Ships.

46. An Act to enable John Bull, an Infant, to sell his Lands in Kent for the Payment of Debts and Annuities charged thereon, and for Provision for younger Children.

47. An Act for enabling the surviving Trustees of Sir William Pulteney, Knight, deceased, to make Leases for the raising of Monies, for the Payment of his Son William Pulteney's Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act to enable Popham Conway, Francis Seymour, and Charles Seymour, Esquires, and their Issue Male severally and succesively, to make Leases of their Estates.

49. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Zenebia Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses.

50. An Act to enable the Ship Hope (of great Length, and very serviceable for bringing Masts into this Kingdom) to trade as an English built Ship.

51. An Act to enable William Wraford, Gent, and Dame Anne Rich, Widow, to make Leases of Houses, and Ground in Covent Garden, late the Estate of John Athy, Citizen and Haberdasher of London.

52. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Downham in the County of Essex (the Estate of Sir Francis Andrews) and for buying and settling other Lands to the same Uses.

53. An Act to discharge the Ships King William, and Charles the Second, from the Penalties of the Act of Navigation.

54. An Act to enable Thomas Methwold, Esq; to raise the Sum of 1200l. upon his Estate, by him laid out in improving the same.

55. An Act for selling divers Freehold and Leasehold Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cowslade, an Infant, and others, to discharge a Mortgage, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the like Uses,

56. An Act for naturalizing Augustine Cloribus, and others.

57. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Benardeau, Peter Chantree des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's three Troops of Guards and Grenadiers.

58. An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others.

59. An Act to naturalize Sir David Collier, Isaac la Melinere, Peter de Belcastle, and William Reiatore.

