Private Acts passed in 1701, 12 William 3 c.1 - c.36.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 4.
---

1. An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Creditors of James late Duke of Ormond, and of the present duke of Ormond.

2. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth viscountess Bulkeley of Cashels in the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of Debts.

3. An Act to enable Robert Lord Viscount Kilmorey of the Kingdom of Ireland (being an Infant) to settle diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage.

4. An Act to enable sir Charles Barrington, Baronet, to settle a Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children.

5. An Act to enable Sir Robert Warsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands of better Value in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

6. An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

7. An Act for erecting a Court of Request or Conscience in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the Recovery of Small Debts under forty Shillings.

8. An Act to enable Stephen Jermyn to make Provision for his younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son.

9. An Act for the vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in South Dickenham, and other Places in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Moneys arising by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to such and the same Uses as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled.

10. An Act for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa, Esq; deceased, and providing a, Maintenance for his Widow and Children.

11. An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killiow, Esq; and for the raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in Pursuance of his father's Will.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate of Humphry Hide, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children.

13. An Act for furnishing the Town of New Dale with Fresh Water.

14. An Act for vesting a messuage and Lands in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate.

15. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Davison, Esq; deceased, for Payment of Debts, and raising his Childrens Portions charged thereupon.

16. An Act for separating James Earl of Anglesea from Katharine Countess of Anglesea his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl.

17. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre, and to enable him to marry again.

19. An Act for the vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to John Fauconer, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

20. An Act for transferring a Trust in Lands, belonging to the City of London, unto new Trustees.

21. An Act for removing the County Gaol of Hertford.

22. An Act for the better Performance of the last Will of Henry Apsly, Esq; deceased.

23. An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennet, late of Newton cum Larton, in the County, of Chester, in trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Bennet.

24. An Act to enable William Vaughan, Esq; and Frances Vaughan, his intended Wife (being both under the Age of one and twenty Years) to perform Articles made for their Marriage.

25. An Act to change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to the Surname of St. John.

26. An Act for making good the Deficiency of the Charges of making a Way out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln s Inn Fields.

27. An Act for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne, Knight, dated the five and twentieth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to he taken and esteemed the Last Will of the said Sir Joseph Herne.

28. An Act for naturalising Jane Barkstead, Widow, and vesting several Mortgages and Securities in her, to enable her to convey or assign the same.

29. an Act for naturalising Archibald Arthur, and enabling him to dispose of his Estate.

30. An Act for naturalising Jacob Auguste Pyngot, and others.

31. An Act for naturalising Adrian Lofland, and others.

32. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Stanley, Baronet, to charge certain Manors and Lands in the County of Lancaster, with three hundred Pounds, for Payment of his Sisters Portions, and his Debts.

33. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of James Dean, and for securing the Moneys raised thereby for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof.

34. An Act to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate in the County of Hertford and Bedford, with the Payment of his Debts.

35. An Act for naturalising Peter Bagneol, Daniel Senault, and others.

36. An Act for naturalising Gasper Cordoso, Herman Vantwedd, and others.

