Private Acts passed in 1702, 1 Anne, sess. 2. c.1 - c.33.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands of better Value in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

2. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Peachy, Esq; deceased, for Payment of Legacies charged thereupon.

3. An Act for settling diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Estate of Henry Duke of Beaufort, according to Agreements made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

4. An Act to vest diverse Lands and Tenements of Sir Thomas Brograve, Bart, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in liu thereof.

5. An Act for giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his successors, to make Leases of certain Houses and Ground in and near Chancery Lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester.

6. An Act to enable Sir Edward Williams to sell certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Brecon and Radnorshire, for Payment of Debts.

7. An Act for the better collecting the Duties granted for making the Way out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields, and for determining the said Duties when the Parties concerned are paid.

8. An Act to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esq; deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esq; for his Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of one and twenty Years.

9. An Act to enable Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashels in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Richard Bulkeley, Esq; his Son, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Richard Bulkeley.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition made by Sir Edmund Fowler, Knight, and Dame Anne his Wife, and Elizabeth Buggin, Widow, of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, in the Year one thousand six hundred thirty-four.

11. An Act for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at Work the Poor in the City of Gloucester.

12. An Act to enable Andrew Hackett, Esq; to dispose of several Messuages and Lands in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, for making provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in Stroxton in the County of Lincoln, of better Value, to the same Uses as the Messuages and Lands in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield were settled.

13. An Act for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Castleman of Coubertly in the County of Gloucester, Esq; and for supplying an omission in his father's Will of a Power for making Leases.

14. An Act to enable William Coleman, Esq; and others, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Stawell, deceased.

15. An Act for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John Cowper, Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for better Payment of his Debts and Legacies charged thereupon.

16. An Act for the better settling the Real and Personal Estate of John Goddard, Esq; deceased, to and for the Benefit of John Goddard his Son, Mary Goddard his Daughter, Infants, during their Minority.

17. An Act for confirming the Division of a Third Part of the Manor of Burton Dasset in the County of Warwick, heretofore made by the Owners thereof.

18. An Act to enable the Executrix of James Hoare, Esq; deceased, to pay a Sum of Money in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will.

19. An Act to enable Charles Aldworth, Esq; to sell Lands and Tenements for Payment of his Father's Debts, and his Sisters Portions.

20. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Morris, Esq; for the Payment of debts charged thereupon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children.

21. An Act for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, for the Use of the Poor, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act to enable the Devisees of James Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Leases for the Improvement of the Estate devised.

23. An Act concerning the Exchange of certain Lands lying in or near Brampton in the County of Northampton, for Lands lying in or near Wickham in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, Esq; deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate to pay his Debts and Legacies for preserving the Residue thereof.

25. An Act for Sale of diverse Lands in the County of Kildare, and Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate of Agmondisham Vesey, Esq; and his two Daughters, Anne Vesey, and Henrietta Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances charged thereon, and also for empowering the said Agmondisham Vesey to make Leases for any Term, not exceeding one and twenty Years.

26. An Act for Sale of several Estates for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Loane, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will.

27. An Act to enable John Arderne, Esq; to pay his father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothers and Sister.

28. An Act for raising fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldicott, Esq;

29. An Act for charging the Estate, late of Thomas Lyster, Esq; deceased, with Maintenances for his nine younger Children.

30. An Act for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William Butler may have a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to the Articles agreed on.

31. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Tenements of Edward Owen of Eaton Mascot in the County of Salop, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

32. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments of Toby Hodson the Elder, Esq; a Lunatic, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son.

33. An Act for naturalising Nicholas Wayfoort, Peter L. Blanc, and Jacob Sanderfelt.
