Private Acts passed in 1702, 1 Anne, sess. 1. c.1 - c.80.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
Note SOTR gives Ch.s 1 & 2 as 13 & 14 William 3.
---

1. An Act to naturalize Charlotte the Wife of Hugh Boscawen, Esq.

2. An Act for enabling Lionel Earl of Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands, and Tenements, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and settle other Lands to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta Obrien, Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in Ireland, for the discharging of incumbrances thereon, and of a charge of 4000l. for his Sister's Portion.

4. An Act for the Relief of Frances Countess of Tyrconnel, Relict of Richard late Earl of Tyrconnel, of the Kingdom of Ireland.

5. An Act for enabling Sir William Meredith, Baronet, to sell Part of a capital Message, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after mentioned, in Ashley in the County of Chester, he having settled other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof.

6. An Act to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tithes, and Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy, Esq; deceased.

7. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of whitchurch, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon, and for other Uses therein mentioned.

8. An Act to enable Warner Lee, alias Warner Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage.

9. An Act for the settling and vesting diverse Manors and Lands of Francis Wightwicke, an Infant, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis Wightwicke, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon.

10. An Act for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose, Gent. to Lands called Rempstone, and for Sale of Lands called Currants Court, in the County of Dorset, for Payment of the Debts of William Rose, Gent. deceased, and for settling the Manor of Cheddar Fitzwaters, in the County of Somerset, with the Overplus on the Sale, on Mary Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant.

11. An Act for confirming a Purchase made by her Majesty, and an Exchange between her Majesty and the Dean and Canons of the King's Free Chapel, within the Castle of Windsor.

12. An Act for the Sale of certain Manors, and Lands, of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, and Performance of the Will of the said Earl.

13. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Montague Earl of Abingdon, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited.

14. An Act for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Offory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures.

15. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Attingham, in the County of Salop, and settling a Farm called Selly Hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of Temple Lawrne, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

16. An Act for charging the Estate late of William Adams Esq; deceased, with Portions and Maintenances for William Adams, and Elizabeth Adams, his younger Children.

17. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soam, Gent. and Dorothy his Wife, and for applying the Monies raised thereby for Payment of his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary, and William Soam, two of their younger Children.

18. An Act to enable Robert Appreece the Elder, and Robert Appreece the Younger, Esquires, to raise Money out of their Estate for Payment of a Debt due to her Majesty, and other Debts.

19. An Act for confirming and, settling of diverse Charities, given by the last Will of Job Marston, Gent. deceased.

20. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Keightley Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

21. An Act to enable Jeffrey Palmer Esq; to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth His Wife.

22. An Act for the Relief of Hannah Mac Donnel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

23. An Act for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellew, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

24. An Act for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

25. An Act for vesting the Estates of William Matthews Gent. and Katharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsall in the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Katharine Leveson.

27. An Act for the Relief of Nicholas Bagenall Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

28. An Act for the Relief of Colonel Henry Luttrell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

29. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers, and Tenants, to make Leases of and in the manor of Culmstock in the County of Devon.

30. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Powell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife (Daughter of the said Sir William Powell) and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry.

31. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Tenements in the County of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing Lands or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses.

32. An Act for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone of Baldwin Brightwell in the County of Oxford, Esq; in his Family and Name.

33. An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphry Bury, for paying of a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon.

34. An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

35. An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an infant.

36. An Act to enable the Trustees of James Hunt Esq; deceased, to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

37. An Act to enable Edward Mansell Esq; to raise a further Sum of one thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriate Rectory of Llanriddian, for the Payment of his Debts.

38. An Act for enlarging the Time for John Lord Haversham to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

39. An Act for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville Baronet, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

40. An Act for the Relief of Francis Earl of Carlingford, and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary in Ireland.

41. An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard, and the Lord Bophin.

42. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Earl of Limerick of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Euphemia Countess Dowager of Limerick, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

43. An Act to enable Rebecca Wyndham to sell and dispose of an Estate late Sarah Vernon's in the County of Norfolk.

44. An Act to enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his successors, to make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, and Premises therein mentioned.

45. An Act for the enabling Abraham Barnwell to make a more ample Settlement of his Estate for the Benefit of his Family, and to sell Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children in his Life time, and for Payment of his Debts.

46. An Act for the better Improvement of Suffolk Place in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for settling the Estate late of John and Robert Window Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the purchase money applied to the Uses therein mentioned.

48. An Act for vesting the Lands of Henry Pawlet, a lunatick, in Trustees, in order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and next Relations.

49. An Act for the Relief of Sir Edmund Everard, Peter Fagan, and the Protestant Children of Sir Anthony Mullady, deceased, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

50. An Act for the Relief of William Lord Viscount Mountjoy of the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

51. An Act for the Relief of Robert Edgeworth Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

52. An Act for vesting several Lands in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gent. in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages and other Debts charged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson, and settling his Estate upon the said Wife and her Children by him, clear of Incumbrances.

53. An Act for enlarging the Time for John Hill Esq; and his Wife, to enter their Claims before the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation to a Judgement against Robert Grace, and for the Relief of the Creditors of John Grace, and the Widow, Protestant Children and Creditors of the late Sir Patrick Trant, with relation to the said forfeited Estates; for the indemnifying the Earl of Carlingford touching mortgage money by him owing to the said late Sir Patrick Trant.

54. An Act for the Relief of Edward Nugent Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

55. An Act for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

56. An Act for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gent. with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

57. An Act for the enlarging the Time for Caesar Bradshaw, Esq; to prosecute his Claim before the Trustees for the Irish forfeitures.

58. An Act for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

59. An Act for the Relief of James Efface of Yeomans Town, Agmondisham Vejey Esq; George Field, and Thomas *Brigfock, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

60. An Act for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect to their real Improvements, and for confirming a Protestant Settlement at Portarlington, and of a Charity at Middleton, in the County of Cork; and for Relief of Alice Countess Dowager of Drogheda, and Sir John Dillon.

61. An Act for the Relief of Ignatius Gold and his Family, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

62. An Act for the Relief of Sir William Ashhurst Knight, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

63. An Act for the Relief of Mary Vernon, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

64. An Act for the Relief of Katharine Obrian, Widow, and her Children, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

65. An Act for the Relief of William Spencer Esq; and the Wife and Children of the late Lord Kenmare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

66. An Act for the Relief of Katharine Harris, alias Kife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

67. An Act for the Relief of Susannah Smith, Widow, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

68. An Act for the Relief of Captain Rickard Wolsely, and other Protestant Lessees in Ireland.

69. An Act for enlarging the Time for Sir Stephen Fox to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

70. An Act for enlarging the Time for Rebecca viscountess Faulkland of the Kingdom of Scotland, to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to a Mortgage upon Part of the said Estates.

71. An Act for exempting and discharging of Arthur French, and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the personal Estate of Irriel Farrel, deceased

72. An Act for the Relief of Charlotte Talbot, with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

73. An Act to recompense Philip Savage, Esq; for the Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

74. An Act for the Relief of Maurice Annesley, Esq; with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

75. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Lee, Esq; and others, Executors of Sir John Heley, Knight, and Peter Goodwin, Esq; with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

76. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Plunket, Gent. and Katharine his Wife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for empowering her Majesty to grant Writs of Error for reversing the Outlawries against John Mapas, and Lawrence Fitzgerald.

77. An Act for the Relief of John Ellis, Esq; with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

78. An Act for naturalising Daniel Van Ryssen, and others.

79. An Act for naturalising Thomas St. Leger de Bacolon, Joseph de Lanny, Alexander de Racquet des Fourneaux, and others.

80. An Act for naturalising Stephen Benovad, John Girard, and others.
