Private Acts passed in 1703, 2 & 3 Anne, c.1 - c.51.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for naturalising Elizabeth Cholmondeley, Wife of George Cholmondeley, Esq;

2. An Act to enable the Guardian of the Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near West Smithfield.

3. An Act for settling and confirming several Exchanges with Ralph Earl of Montague, of several Lands and Common of Simon Motion, and others, lying in Geddington, in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges.

4. An Act for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Werke, and Charles Lord Ossulstone and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also between Laurence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and tenements, in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

5. An Act for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall, and Devon, and several Leasehold Estates, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands.

6. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts:, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure.

7. An Act to enable Sir George Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases of some Houses and Ground in Chanon Row in Westminster.

8. An Act to enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy in any rent charge, or other Incumbrance upon his Estate.

9. An Act for confirming and better Execution of Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn, among his Coheirs.

10. An Act for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making, Provision for his younger Children.

11. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Tipping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ickford in the County of Rucks, for Payment of a Debt charged thereon, and laying out the Surplus Money in purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act to discharge the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, of the Sum of eighteen thousand eight hundred sixty four Pounds, seven Shillings, and one Penny halfpenny, by Mistake overcharged in the purchase money, for several forfeited: and other estates and interests in Ireland, purchased by them.

13. An Act for vesting several Estates of Sir Charier Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter.

14. An Act for Sale of certain Lands in Charwelton, in the County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and of Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and settling other Lands of greater Value upon his Wife and Children in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Leigh, late of Ridge in the County of Chester, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes in his Will.

16. An Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Awdley, Esq; of certain Manors and Lands contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts.

17. An Act to enable Robert Cawdron, Esq; to settle Part of his Estate (which he has improved) for raising Portions for his younger Children.

18. An Act for vesting Lands in Essex, devised by Sir Robert Kemp, Knight, deceased, to the Children, and Grand Children of Elizabeth Outlaw, one of his Sisters and Coheirs, in Trustees, to be sold for the benefit, of the Devisees.

19. An Act for the vesting of nine Messuages in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the Estate of William Jarmin and Mary his wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling in lieu thereof a Messuage, and certain Lands in Whipsnade, Totternhoe, and Studham, in the County of Bedford.

20. An Act to enable John Jenkins, Esq; to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon.

21. An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate of Thomas Harlackenden Bows, Esq; for Payment of the debts and Legacies wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue clear of Charges for the benefit of Thomas Bows, Esq; an Infant.

22. An Act to enable Arabella Foot to lay out Monies belonging to her Son Topham Foot, in Purchases of Lands for his Benefit.

23. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with John Ferrer, Esq; for a Debt due from him as Surety for John Mason, Gent. late Receiver General for the County of Cambridge and Isle of Ely.

24. An Act for the vesting the Manor of Michael Church, in the County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of Salop, of Mary Bowdler, and William Bowdler, Gent. in certain Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children of the said William Bowdler.

25. An Act for settling the Manor of Creech in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of William Keyt, Esq; deceased, during their Minority.

26. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of John Held, Gent. and Robert Held, his Son, for Payment of their Debts, and for disposing of younger Children Apprentices.

27. An Act for naturalising Isaac Kops.

28. An Act for naturalising Rene Rance, Matthew Decker, and others.

29. An Act for naturalising Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter la Grange, Lewis Wadden, and others.

30. An Act to vest the Manor of Hanslop, and Castlethrop, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyrrel Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrel Esq; his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of Lands to be sold.

31. An Act to enable Sir John Cowper Knight, and Anthony Henley, Esq, to make a Partition, and grant Building Leases of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex.

32. An Act to vest Part of the Estate of Sir Christopher Phillipson Knight, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance for a Daughter who is a Lunatic.

33. An Act for vesting the Manor of Yeovilton, in the County of Somerset, and other Lands therein mentioned, of William Carry Esq; in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands in the County of Devon in lieu thereof.

34. An Act for vesting diverse Manors and Lands of Matthew Hollworthy Esq; in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors or Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Manors or Lands to be purchased to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited

35. An Act for enabling Bernard Cotton Esq; to sell some part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts, and for confirming several Conveyances already made of several other Parcels of his Estate by himself and Trustees, to several Purchasers thereof.

36. An Act to charge the Estate of Ambrose Andrews Gent. with Monies for Payment of Debts, and for supplying some Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, for making a Jointure and Leases upon the said Estate.

37. An Act to establish and confirm a Partition and Agreement of and touching the Estate of Sir Thomas Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet.

38. An Act for settling the Estate of Dr. Thomas Lamplugh, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Articles and settle ment prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children.

39. An Act for the better vesting in Giles Frumpton Esq; the Manor and Farm of Moorton alias Moreton, and Hurst, in the County of Dorset, in Possession, and for the better securing the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William Frampton Esq; deceased, to him the said Giles Frampton, and such as are intituled in Remainder after him, upon the Death of Tregonwell Brampton Esq;

40. An Act to enable George Evelyn to raise Portions for his Brothers and Sisters, according to his father's Will.

41. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr Gent. deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned.

42. An Act to subject the Estate of Robert Coke of Trusly, in the County of Derby Esq; and William Coke, his Son and Heir Apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke.

43. An Act for the setting aside a voluntary Settlement made by Mary Fermour, Widow, and for ratifying a Partition made of the Manors of Mersham and Pett, and diverse Lands in the County of Sussex, between her and Bartholomew Walmesly Esq; and others.

44. An Act for the Improvement of the Estate of John Brisco in the County of Cumberland.

45. An Act for making good the Provision intended for Captain James Roch, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for restoring to the Bishoprick of Cloyne in the said Kingdom the Manor and Lands of Donomore.

46. An Act for setting aside voluntary Settlements made by John Hawe Gent. of Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and settling some Part of his Estate upon the said John Hawe, and his Son, and for making Provision for the Maintenance of his Son and Daughter, and raising a Portion for such Daughter, and selling the Residue for Payment of his Debts.

47. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Digby Esq; deceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Conway Baronet, and Richard Mostyn Esq; and for settling the Estate of Sir John Conway, in the County of Flint, and making Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

48. An Act for the further Recompensing of John Baker Gent. and his Family, for the Service of Col. Baker at Londonderry in Ireland, and for stating the Accounts of the late Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

49. An Act, that the Ships, the Golden Scar and Bull, being taken as Prize, and condemned, may have Freedom of trading as English Ships.

50. An Act to naturalise Daniel Barbier, John Kerron du Chesne, and others.

51. An Act for naturalising Henry de Hant, George Chabot, and others.
