Private Acts passed in 1704, 3 & 4 Anne, c.1 - c.61.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tithes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors; and for settling a Rent Charge of 250l, per Annum upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors for ever.

2. An Act for naturalising Thomas Levingston, Viscount Teviott in the Kingdom of Scotland.

3. An Act for naturalising Louise Marie Cresset, the Wife of James Cresset, Esq;

4. An Act to enable Thomas Pile, Esq; and Elizabeth Freke, to make Leases for Lives of the Estate of Thomas Freke of Iwerne Courtney, Esq; deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esq; so to do, when intituled, and in actual Possession of the Premisses; and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same; and for establishing a School in Iwerne Courtney, and augmenting the Vicarage of Corne Abbas, in the County of Dorset.

5. An Act to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow; and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands, in the County of Devon, for Payment, of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esq; deceased and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions.

6. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Executors of Moses Gould, Esq; deceased, and his Relict, for Payment of the Debts and Maintenance of the younger Children of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate.

7. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gent. deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will.

8. An Act for naturalising Henry Bowman.

9. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Lands of William Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish, commonly called Marquis of Hartington, to enable them to mortgage the same for Payment of Debts, and subject thereunto to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled.

10. An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Lord Powlet, and Bridget Lady Powlet, his Wife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands or hereditaments of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

11. An Act to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Escrick, in Trustees, to sell the same for Payment of his Debts.

12. An Act for Sale of several Estates in England and Ireland, for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Earl of Burlington and Cork.

13. An Act for confirming an Agreement made by certain Articles by and between John Earl, of Kildare, Richard Lord Bellow, both of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburgh of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esq; and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for Confirmation of an Agreement made between Thomas late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Thomas Cook, Esq; for vesting the Rectory of Melborne, in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Cook and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishoprick of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Melborne.

15. An Act for Sale of several Manors and Lands in the counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecon, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams, late of Cabalva in the County of Radnor, Esquires, deceased.

16. An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Estate of Baldwin Malett, Esq; and William Malett, his Son and Heir apparent, for Payment of the Debts of the said Baldwin Malett to her Majesty, as he was Receiver General for for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristol, and for settling the Residue on the said William Malett, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, as by Agreement between the said Baldwin Malett and William Malett.

17. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esq; as one of the sureties of Thomas Cobb, Gent. deceased, Receiver General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight.

18. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmund Cocke, as Sureties for Augustine Briggs, Receiver General for the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich.

19. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, as he was one of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esq; Receiver General for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

20. An Act for settling of the Tithes of certain Lands in Francton, in the County of Warwick, upon Simon Biddulph, Baronet, and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent charge in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Successors for ever.

21. An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln.

22. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Thomas Whitley, Esq; as he was one of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esq; late Receiver General for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

23. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Ambrose Scudamore, Esq; deceased, for Payment of the mortgage money and Debts thereupon, and placing out the overplus Money to the Uses therein mentioned.

24. An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Tenements in Heston in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Matthew Lister and his Wife, and Timothy Whitfield and, his Wife, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act to enable James Lockart, Esq; and his Wife, to sell certain lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas Luckin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to like Uses.

26. An Act for raising Money by a Mortgage of a Plantation in the Barbadoes, to pay the Debts of Robert Hooper.

27. An Act for sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Baines, Gent. for discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters.

28. An Act for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of Horne, from the Church or Chapel of Blechingley, in the County of Surrey.

29. An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money to pay the Debts of Marie Delves, Esq; deceased.

30. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Thomas Goddard of Rudlow, in the County of Wilts, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the Overplus upon Ambrose Goddard, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for Sale of several lands and Hereditaments of George Nodes, Esq; in the County of Hertford, for Payment of his Debts, and the Debts of George Nodes, Esq; Father, deceased, charged thereupon.

32. An Act to enable Joseph Hinxman of North Hinton, in the County of Southampton, Esq; to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County; and for the settling other Estates in Christ Church Twineham in the said County, of a better Value, to the same Uses.

33. An Act for Sale of several Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Patricius Grow, Esq; deceased, for the raising the Portions charged, thereupon for his younger Children.

34. An Act for vesting an estate mortgaged in Fee by Thomas Burr, to Anthony Tomkins (now an Infant) in Trustees, to reconvey the same to the said Thomas Burr, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Monies due on the said Mortgage.

35. An Act for confirming and making good the last Will, and Testament of Hugh Nanney, Esq; deceased.

36. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Mason, Gent. who was Receiver General for the County, University, and Town of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely; and also with John Pickering, Silkman, one of the said John Mason's Sureties, as he was such Receiver.

37. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Charles Bludworth, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

38. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Thomas Guy, Gent. deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

39. An Act to enable John Procter, of Rock in the County of Northumberland, Esq; to sell or otherwise dispose of his Lands in Shawdon, Shawdon Woodhouse, and Crawley, upon settling Lands of like Value in the said County, in lieu thereof.

40. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Esq; in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter.

41. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little Appleby and Great Appleby, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, and for laying out so much of the Money as will purchase another Estate of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, and the Residue in making Provision for younger Children.

42. An Act to enable Edmund Waller, Esq; to charge his Estate (not settled on his Wife in Jointure) with a Sum of Money for Payment of his Debts.

43. An Act for raising Money for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Hatcher, Esq; by Sale or Mortgage of some Part of his Estate, and for the better Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement.

44. An Act to enable John Green, of Gavellacre in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in Hackleston, in the County of Wilts; and for the settling other Estates in Gavellacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses.

45. An Act to naturalise Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier General Cadogan, Gilbert Alfleck, and John Herman Louis.

46. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of Dingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of James Gryphon, Esq; and raising Portions for younger Children.

47. An Act for the better Explanation of the Settlement of the Estate of William Trafford, Gent. and Clare his Wife, and William their eldest Son, and for making more effectual a Provision for younger Children, according to Agreements between them.

48. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and diverse Freehold messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasely, in the County of Oxon, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon.

49. An Act to enable William Cavendish, Esq; to make a Settlement in Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, and for confirming Infranchisements of several Copyhold Estates made by his Father, within the Manor of Dovebridge in the Counties of Stafford and Derby.

50. An Act to enable Sir George Warburton, Baronet, to sell the Manor or Lordship of Pulford in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement made upon his Marriage for Payment of several Portions charged upon his Estate; also to pay some Debts which his Father had Power to charge.

51. An Act for Sale of several Lands and chattel Estates, in the County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Price, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies charged upon his Estate, and for a Provision for himself, his Wife, and Family.

52. An Act to naturalise Andrew Girardot, alias Devermenoux, Francis Buzelin, and others.

53. An Act to make some Alterations and Amendments in an Act of Parliament obtained the last Session by Sir Peter Tyrrill, and Thomas Tyrrill his Son, in order to enable them to sell several Lands in Hanslop, and Castlethrop, in the County of Bucks, which were settled upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Tyrrill and Dorothy his Wife, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

54. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Baptist May, Esq; deceased, for reimbursing Charles May, Esq; his Nephew, such Monies as he has expended for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expenses of the said Baptist May.

55. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Holdford, Esq; in Plumbly, and elsewhere, in the County of Chester, consisting chiefly in Reversions, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and purchasing an Estate in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses as the other Estate was settled.

56. An Act for confirming a Lease heretofore made, of certain Messuages and Lands in Epsom, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Thomas Cooke, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands adjoining to the same, to be made to him.

57. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir Thomas Worsopp, Knight, and John Worsopp, Esq; his Son, deceased, in Finsbury fields, or Moorfields, in the Parish of Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled as in the Act is particularly mentioned.

58. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Thomas Kenyon, Executor of Luke Lloyd, Esq; as he was one of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esq; as he was Receiver General for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

59. An Act for vesting the Estate of Joseph Grainge, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Money arising by such Sale for the Maintenance of the said Elizabeth, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge.

60. An Act to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esq; and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister; and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as they are now settled; and likewise for confirming such Leases and Sales as have been made towards a Discharge of the said Debts.

61. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Wicks, Esq; late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London.
