Private Acts passed in 1705, 4 & 5 Anne, c.1 - c.67.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Thomas Chute, Esq; in the County of Warwick, and laying out the Monies arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses as the Warwickshire Estate stands settled.

2. An Act for naturalising William Burnet, Esq;

3. An Act for naturalising Peter Silvestre, Doctor of Physick.

4. An Act for naturalising Adelaide Duchess of Shrewsbury.

5. An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Watton at Stone in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House and Lands of greater Value, lying in Watton at Stone aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler, Esq;

6. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, to sell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses.

7. An Act for confirming an Agreement made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esq; and Dorothy his Wife, of Nash in the County of Pembroke.

8. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esq; a Minor, for Payment of his Debts, and for raising Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee Farms, and Leases for Lives, during his Minority.

9. An Act for supplying a Defect (by the Death of a Trustee) in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smalman, Esq; deceased, and for making the said Provision more effectual for such younger Children.

10. An Act to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to sell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act to permit the making up of Clothes with Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for clothing the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons.

12. An Act for the Relief of Sir Stephen Evence, Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esq;

13. An Act for Relief of John Asgill, Esq; in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

14. An Act for naturalising William Lewis Legrand.

15. An Act for the Relief of Colonel Samuel Tenner.

16. An Act for naturalising Jacob Pechillis and others.

17. An Act for enabling James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, to settle Fee Farm Rents in the County of Tipperary in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement upon the Marriage of the said Earl of Arran, and for making good several Grants made by the said Earl in Fee Farm.

18. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of a Message and Gardens in Acton, in the County of Middlesex, purchased by the Right Honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in Trustees, for the said Earl and his Heirs.

19. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the Seal of the Court of Chancery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the depositions relating to the same, Evidence on Hearings in Equity and Trial at Law.

20. An Act to enable Scrape Lord Viscount Howe of the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that which was intended, being, as expressed in Marriage Settlement, uncertain and contingent.

21. An Act to enlarge the power of Richard Lord Bulkeley, Viscount Cashells in the Kingdom of Ireland, of leasing his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance and Satisfaction of the Trusts upon the said Estate.

22. An Act for Sale of Part of the estate of Henry Lord Coleraine, Baron of Coleraine in the Kingdom of Ireland and supplying the Want of Inrollment of a Deed concerning other Part of his Estate.

23. An Act for the supplying the Defect of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esq; Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esq; his eldest Son, and of the Deed which declared the Uses of the said Recovery.

24. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Temple Dionisley, alias Dinsley, and other Lands in the County of Hertford, for the Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin Sadlier, Baronet; and other Purposes.

25. An Act to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surrey, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles and Agreements made upon his Marriage with Dame Sarah his now Wife.

26. An Act for vesting the Estate of Richard Bold, Esq; in Trustees, to be leased, sold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Monies to which the same is liable.

27. An Act for vesting certain Terms for forty Years, in Trustees, which were granted by John Abington, Esq; deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein mentioned, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abington.

28. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digby Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to the Intent that the same may he sold for the discharging of the Mortgages and other Incumbrances thereon.

29. An Act to impower Thomas Carey, and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wines from Copenhagen, contracted for before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and four.

30. An Act to enable Trustees to make Provision for Payment of Debts of Willliam Huggesen, Esq; and for raising Portions for his younger sons, and for making good the intended Settlement upon the Marriage of William Huggesen the younger, Gent.

31. An Act for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Dean, Esq, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An Act for Augmenting the Number of Canons residentiary, in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral.

33. An Act for Relief of Non Commission Officers and Private Soldiers of the Lord Drogheda's and Colonel Coot's Regiments.

34. An Act for Sale of the Manor and Estate of and in Hethersedge and Door in the County of Derby, the Estate of Christopher Pegg, Esq; and mortgaging Part of his Manor and Estate of and in Beauchiff and Strawberry Lee in the same County, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making provision for his Family.

35. An Act to enable William Gomeldon, Esq; to sell a Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance upon the same, and to apply the Residue of the Monies arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William Gomeldon's Debts.

36. An Act for vesting a Mortgage of Humphrey Courtney, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to discharge the Mortgages, Debts and Incumbrances on the said Estate.

37. An Act for vesting, in Trustees, the Estate of Morris Goulston, Esq; for the raising his Sisters Portions, and Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Row, Esq; in Trustees, to he sold, and applying the greatest Part of the purchase money to the Uses of his marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts.

39. An Act for the Relief of Colonel John Rice.

40. An Act for the removing all Doubts touching the saving Clause of one Act of Parliament, intituled An act for vesting diverse Manors and Lands of Matthew Holworthy, Esq, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors or Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Manors or Lands to be purchased to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited.

41. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Barwick Hall, and other Lands in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esq; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled to the same Uses

42. An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thornhill, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, and his Sister's Portions charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the purchase money, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

43. An Act to enable John Brett Fisher, Esq; and Judith his Wife, to sell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, in Case they shall have any.

44. An Act to enable John Williams, an Infant, notwithstanding his Infancy, to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln; and also for settling the Prebend of Bugden, as an Augmentation for the Vicar of Bugden, and vesting the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Parish of Bugden in the Bishop of Lincoln.

45. An Act for the Sale of Lands in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

46. An Act for taking the Estate in Law, for a Mortgage made by John Sands, Esq; which is defeended to the Daughters and Coheirs of John Pargiter, deceased (who are Infants) they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant.

47. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with Thomas Thomkins and John Chagneau, and their Securities, for the Debts owing by them respectively to her Majesty.

48. An Act to enable Trustees to sell several Houses and Lands in and near Portsmouth, late the Estate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt and Interest charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

49. An Act for vesting the Freehold and of Estate of Thomas Gower, Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder for the Benefit of his Daughters.

50. An Act for vesting the Estate of Valentine Crome of Maiden Early in the County of Berks, Gent. in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself and Brother.

51. An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of John Ballet, Gent. deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children.

52. An Act for the more effectual assuring of Part of the Lands of Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement; and for assuring (in lieu of other Part thereof) other Lands of Inheritance therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children.

53. An Act for vesting the Capital Message. other Lands and Tenements of Foulke Wynne, in the County of Denbigh, Gent. and Meredith Wynne his Son, in Trustees, to the Intent that Part thereof may be sold for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled pursuant to Marriage Articles.

54. An Act for vesting the Estates of Christopher Reve the Elder, Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher Reve, Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making same Provision for Dorothy the Widow of the said Christopher Reve the Son, and for Christopher Reve his only Child, an Infant.

55. An Act for vesting the Estate of Arthur Vaughan of Tretherwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the same, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable.

56. An Act for vesting the Estate of Elizabeth Flore, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby, to be applied for the Payment of Debts charged thereon.

57. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Estevening, and other Lands and Hereditaments in Swinshead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, gent deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children.

58. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Ralph Baldwin, Gent. in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children.

59. An Act for settling and securing Part of the Estates of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Anne his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Anne and her Children, and Sale of other Part of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts.

60. An Act for vesting the Sum of two thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gent. pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors.

61. An Act for the Sale of an Advowson in Sussex, late the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow and Child.

62. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Viccary, deceased, in Rockbear, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts charged thereupon, and for Maintenance of his Widow and Children.

63. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with Francis Clyes, as Surety for William Pennock, late of Exon, Merchant, in six several Bonds, for Duties on Tobacco, which the said William Pennock had at the Port of Falmouth, in December, one thousand seven hundred and one.

64. An Act to rectify a Mistake in, and explain an Act passed in the last Session, to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esq; as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gent. Receiver General for the County of Southampton and Isle of Wight.

65. An Act to make the Ship l'Amazone, taken and condemned as a Prize, and sold in the Island of Barbadoes, Free.

66. An Act for naturalising Paul, Frances, and Katharine Kilsly.

67. An Act for naturalising of Vincent de Laymerie, and others.
