Private Acts passed in 1706, 5 Anne, c.1 - c.48.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for naturalising Maria Margaret Lady North and Grey.

2. An Act to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Esq; to change his Name from Nevill to Grey, according to the Will of Ralph Lord Grey deceased.

3. An Act to make the Ship called the Neptune Privateer (a Foreign built Ship, late bought as a Wreck) a Free Ship.

4. An Act to make the Ship Vigilantia of Stad upon the River of Elbe in Germany (lately a Wreck) a Free Ship.

5. An Act for naturalising John Tigh.

6. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or commissioner of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with Benjamin Nicholl, Citizen and late Merchant of London, and his Sureties, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty.

7. An Act for the Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Baronet.

8. An Act for empowering the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a Commission to some Persons in England, to administer to Thomas Maule, Esq; Remembrancer of the said Court, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those requisite to be taken and subscribed by the Laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said Office.

9. An Act for naturalising Philip Vanden Enden, Merchant.

10. An Act for making the Ship Supply a Free Ship.

11. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

12. An Act for making more effectual a Settlement made by William Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children.

13. An Act for discharging several Lands in the County of Worcester, from the Sum of two thousand Pounds, given by the Will of Dame Elizabeth Rich, Widow, deceased, for Charitable Uses, and charging the same upon other Lands in the County of Berks.

14. An Act for supplying the Defect of an Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John Canham, Esq; deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Totteridge, in lieu of thirteen hundred Pounds, the Remainder of a Sum of Money agreed to be laid out in a Purchase.

15. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Hen. Darrel, Esq; deceased, and leasing or mortgaging other Part thereof, to raise Money ro pay his Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow and younger Children.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of William Fitch, Esq; lying in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Sisters Portions, and other Debts, and for preserving the Residue free from all Power of Waste, and for settling certain Tithes in the Isle of Wight to the same Uses.

17. An Act for enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant.

18. An Act for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gent. for the Benefit of his Wife and Children.

19. An Act for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate in London, late the Estate of William Williams, deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof.

20. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, Esq; late Receiver General for the County of Essex.

21. An Act for the Relief of John Baker, his Mother, Brother, and Sisters, Widow and Children of Col. Henry Baker, deceased.

22. An Act for making the Ship Prince (Foreign built) a Free Ship.

23. An Act for discharging diverse Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Beaufort, from the Portions of his Daughters and younger Children by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke of greater Value with the like Portions.

24. An Act to enable Henry Pye, Esq; to make a jointure.

25. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Potts, for discharging his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the Residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions.

26. An Act for vesting Lands in Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles Lord Cheney Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands, in John Lord Vaughan Earl of Carbury in Ireland, and his Heirs.

27. An Act for confirming and establishing the Partitions made between William Pierrepoint, Esq; (since deceased) and the Honourable Charles Egerton, Esq; and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, and to enable William and Samuel Pierrepoint, Infants, to make Partition of Land in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peek, Esq;

28. An act for vesting in Trustees, a Message and Lands in Ratcliff Culey, in the County of Leicester, to be sold, upon the Settling of another Estate of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are settled.

29. An Act for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esq; in relation to five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided for him out of Lands in Ireland.

30. An Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the Minister of Tettenhall, in the County of Stafford, for the Time being.

31. An Act to vest certain Mills and Lands in Downton, in the County of Wilts (the Estate of William Eyre a Lunatick) in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising by the Sale thereof for Payment of the Debts of the said Lunatick, and making some Provision for Ambrose Eyre, his eldest Son and Heir, and for applying the Residue of such Monies in purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Premises to be sold are now settled.

32. An Act to enable Trustees to sell several Lands at Colegreene within the Manor of Hertingfordbury, in the county of Hertford, and the Manor of the Rectory of Hertingfordbury aforesaid, late the Estate of Anne Winwood, deceased, for Payment of a Debt of six hundred Pounds and Interest, due upon Mortgage and Bond, or Specialty; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Lands are now settled.

33. An Act for vesting a Mansion House, and Lands thereunto adjoining, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of William Hyde, Merchant, in Trustees, to be forthwith sold for the better Maintenance and present Provision for his Children.

34. An Act to vest several Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Robert Hitch, Esq; and his Heirs, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County in lieu thereof, and as an Exchange thereof, to the same Uses.

35. An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and for supplying the Defects in an Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate late of Edward Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and for making Provision for his Daughters.

36. An Act for Sale of the Estate in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esq; deceased, and for purchasing other Estate or Estates in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, or Lincoln, to be settled to the like Uses as the Estate in the County of Montgomery was settled.

37. An Act for the Sale of certain Lands contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King and Jane his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; for giving Liberty to Jane Nicholl, Widow, and the Executors of Sir William Pritchard, to pay two Sums of four thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the lifetime of the said Jane Nicholl.

38. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon of Souldern, in the County of Oxon, Esq; for Payment of his father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to his younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of the father's voluntary Settlement.

39. An Act to enable Thomas Clarke, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe in London, to Sir Jeffery Jefferys, Knight.

40. An Act for encouraging the Rebuilding the ancient Parish Church of Humberstone, in the County of Lincoln, and settling a Rent Charge of greater value on the Bishop of Lincoln and his Successors, in lieu of the Rectory of Humberstone; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Kent, late the Estate of Mountague Drake, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

42. An Act for the better Discovery of the Estate of John Aynsworth late of London, Merchant.

43. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Crosse, Merchant, and his Sureties, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty.

44. An Act to enable the Trustees of William Elson, an Infant, to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his father's Debts on Specialties.

45. An Act to enable the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Pye, Gent. and his Sureties, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty.

46. An Act for the Relief of Elizabeth Wandsford, and Elizabeth Foulke.

47. An Act for naturalising John Thomeur, and others.

48. An Act to naturalise Henry Van Holte, and others.
