Private Acts passed in 1707, 6 Anne, c.1 - c.38.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for repairing, amending, and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and also several other Highways leading to and through the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightning the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there.

2. An Act for vesting, in Ralph Freeman, the younger, Esq; and his Heirs, diverse Manors and Lands in the County of Essex, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford, of greater Value, to like Uses in lieu thereof.

3. An Act for naturalising Katharine Clarke, Daughter of Sir William Clarke, Bart, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalising Marcos Dos Santos.

5. An Act for making good to William Thompson, Esq; the Benefit intended to he granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles II in lieu of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things by them surrendered to and now enjoyed by the Crown.

6. An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term in an Act made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich in the County of Essex.

8. An Act for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchet in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton in the County of Somerset.

10. An Act for settling the Estate of John now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth Countess of Exeter his now Wife, subject to such Alterations as are mentioned herein.

11. An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament made in the first year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising 1500l. by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance of the younger Children of Philip Caldecot, Esq.

12. An Act to make the Ship Ambuscade (a French Privateer taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned and sold as a Prize) a Free Ship.

13. An Act for erecting a Harbour and Key at East Tarbet, in the Shire of Argyle.

14. An Act for the better Amendment of that Way which leads from Cherill through Caine to Studley Bridge in the County of Wilts.

15. An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick.

16. An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Bart, in Ireland.

17. An Act for making effectual the Provision intended by William Bromley, late of Holt Castle in the County of Worcester, Esq; for Dorothy Bromley his youngest Daughter.

18. An Act for selling the Estate of Thomas Stephens, Esq; in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate of as great or greater Value, in the County of Gloucester, to the same Uses.

19. An Act for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Esq; several Lands purchased for him by Sir William Davye, Bart, deceased.

20. An Act for making two large Fly Boats (Russia built) one called the Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships to trade to Russia.

21. An Act for naturalising Peter Des Maizeaux, Francis Heilman, John Risteau, Peter Bouvot, and others.

22. An Act to enable the Right Honourable the Countess of Bindon, together with the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Bindon, her now Husband, to make Leases of the Manor and Town of Carlowe in the County of Catherlagh, and Queens County in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for the evidencing of the Settlements made by Henry late Earl of Thomond.

23. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and Capital Message of Great Haseley, with the Appurtenances, and diverse Messuages, Farms, and Lands in Haseley and Latchford in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esq; deceased (in Trustees) to be sold for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon.

24. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Boyd, Esq; in a Trustee, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Letice late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess.

25. An Act to vest the Estate of Edward Cheek, Esq; deceased, in Somersetshire, remaining unsold at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold to satisfy the Demands of the Lady Russel, his Mother, and Essex Cheek his Sister, and to vest the Remainder of the Monies arising by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheek, an Infant, and his Heirs.

26. An Act to enable Sir William Wyndham of Orchard Wyndham in the County of Somerset, Bart, to make a Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, during his Minority.

27. An Act for explaining and amending a Proviso and Power for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Bart, and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure.

28. An Act to enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Bart, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age.

29. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lister, Esq; and after of Thomas Lister, Esq; both deceased, for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Christopher Lister, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lister.

30. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Parke, Citizen and late Merchant of London, for a Debt due to her Majesty.

31. An Act for the Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John Killingworth, Esq; deceased, on which stood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the purchase money for the Benefit of his Wife and Daughters.

32. An Act for vacating the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Henry Main, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Idiot) during his Life.

33. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esq; deceased.

34. An Act for the Relief of Col. Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp.

35. An Act for the Relief of Capt. James Roch.

36. An Act for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery.

37. An Act for naturalising John Affleck, Esq; and Mary Dutry.

38. An Act for naturalising Peter Dubordieu, and others.
