Private Acts passed in 1709, 8 Anne, c.1 - c.28.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act to enable Peyton Altham, an Infant, Trustee, to join in suffering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine of an Estate in Essex, as if he were of full Age.

2. An Act for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton.

3. An Act to enable Peter Pettesworth, Esq; and the trustees in his Marriage Settlement, to sell certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Sussex, for Payment of his Debts, and to settle another Estate of greater yearly Value, for the better Provision of his Family.

4. An Act for making effectual the Provisions intended by William Hayward, late of Quedgley, in the County of Gloucester, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing Portions for his younger Children.

5. An Act for Sale of several Tenements in Cheek Lane, near West Smithfeld (the Estate of James Brydges, Esq;) for purchasing and settling other Estates to the same Uses.

6. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gent. the Honourable Charles Egerton, Esq; and the Honourable Elizabeth his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable Anne late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, Anne, and Katharine Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements, in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of oxford's Estate.

7. An Act to vest in, and enable Trustees to sell some out parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Roll, Knight of the Bath, deceased, for the Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Portions; and for settling of other Lands to the same Uses.

8. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Isaac Knight, Esq; in the Counties of Nottingham and York, for Payment of the Portion of Hannah the Wife of Thomas Stones, Esq; and the Arrears of an Annuity payable to Dickenson Knight, Gent. and for settling the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands to be sold do stand limited, and for charging other Lands with the said Annuity.

9. An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Berrie, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his Personal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out the surplus money for the Benefit of his Widow and Heir at Law.

10. An Act for vesting the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Oxon, late the Inheritance of William Jennens, Esq; deceased, and by his Marriage Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein expressed, in Trustees, to be sold for clearing several Incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Settlement, and inverting the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, in a Purchase of other Lands to the like Uses, as were limited by the said Marriage Settlement; and for vesting in the said Trustees such Estate and Interest as the said William Jennens, or the Trustees named in his Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, heretofore called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, subject to the several precedent Incumbrances thereupon, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for the more effectual Provision for the Poor in the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

12. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Seven Oaks to Woods Gate and Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent.

13. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Anthony Lord Viscount Gormanston, for Payment of his Debts, and for securing a Jointure, and a Maintenance for Margaret Viscountess Gormanston, in lieu of a Rent Charge payable to her out of the said Viscount's Estate.

14. An Act to enable Henry Summers, Esq; to make Sale of the Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands in Huntingdonshire, and in lieu thereof to settle Lands in Essex of a greater Value, to the same Uses the said Huntingdonshire Estate was settled.

15. An Act for making more effectual the Act for the repairing the Highways between Farnhill, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks.

16. An Act to confirm Articles of Partition made between the Earl and Countess of Wemyss, of the one Part, and Anne Robinson, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent; and for vesting their respective Moieties in Trustees to be sold.

17. An Act to make several Trusts in the Marriage Settlements of Edward Southwell, Esq; and the Lady Elizabeth his late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein.

18. An Act to enable Trustees to sell some Fenny Lands in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, Part of the Estate of Anthony Hammond, Esq; and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

19. An Act to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up Leases of the Estate of Arthur Tremayne, Esq; (an Infant) during his Minority.

20. An Act for the enclosing Ropley Commons, in the County of Southampton; and for the Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surrey and Southampton.

21. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Last Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Physic, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esq; to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks.

22. An Act to enable certain Trustees to raise Part of the Portions designed for the younger Children of Clifton Pack, Esq; deceased, and Penelope his Wife, by their Marriage Settlement.

23. An Act for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gent.

24. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estate late of William Emerton, Esq; deceased, in the Parish of Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his two Daughters.

25. An Act to enable the Corporation of Leverpoole to make a Grant to Sir Oleave Moore, Bart, for Liberty to bring Fresh Water into the said Town of Leverpoole.

26. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Scot, Esq; in the County of Kent, for Payment of Debts.

27. An Act to enable Trustees to recover the Personal Estates of William Bigg and Isabel Bigg, now vested in John Bigg, a Lunatic, their Son and Heir, and Executor of his Father, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies.

28. An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon.
