Private Acts passed in 1710, 9 Anne, c.1 - c.44.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Philip Monoux, Baronet, deceased, in Broome and Parish of Southill in the County of Bedford, according to his Will.

2. An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Composition given by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with William Mallet, Esq, for the Debt of his Father, for whom be was Surety, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset and City of Bristol.

3. An Act for Sale of the Barton and Farm of Possessoe in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Sebastian Isaac, Esq; deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus money.

4. An Act for ratifying several Purchases lately made with the public Stock of the County of Devon, and for making further Purchases for the Use of the said County, with the public Stock thereof and also for regulating and better Employment of the public Stock of the said County.

5. An Act to vest the Manor, or reputed Manor of Wadborough, alias Waberrow, in the County of Worcester, and other Lands there, which came to the Right Honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, by his Mother, in Trustees, to be sold for raising more Money to pay off Debts charged upon his paternal Estate, and for other Purposes.

6. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Reaversby, and other Lands in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry Bows Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of Stafford to the same Uses.

7. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon.

8. An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet Bridge in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton.

9. An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley in the County of Bedford.

10. An Act for settling the Estates of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pierrepont, Esq; commonly called Lord Kingston, Son and Heir Apparent of the said Lord Marquis; and also for settling the Estate late of John Hall, Esq; on the Marriage of the said William Pierrepont, Esq;

11. An Act to enable Arthur Earl of Anglesey, and Henry Hyde, Esq; commonly called Henry Viscount Hyde, to take in England the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of her Majesty's Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

12. An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, and Grants in Fee Farm, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement.

13. An Act for vesting in Henry Arundel, Esq; and his Heirs, the Trust in the Estate of the Lord Viscount Montagu, which is vested in her Majesty by the Attainder of John Caryll, Esq; for High Treason.

14. An Act for discharging John Lord Bishop of Rapho in the Kingdom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and three, and for making all Ecclesiastical and Civil Acts done by him, as Bishop of Rapho, after such Omission, to be of the same Validity as they would have been if he had taken the said Oath in due Time.

15. An Act for establishing a Purchase of certain Fee Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, made by Sir Alexander Cannes, Baronet, of his Grace James Duke of Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given him by an Act of Parliament passed in this Kingdom in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign Reign, notwithstanding an Act passed in Ireland in the ninth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, or a Deed dated the five and twentieth of April one thousand seven hundred and ten, therein mentioned.

16. An Act for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of Kings Hall and College of Brasen Nose in the University of Oxford, the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney and other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of the said College.

17. An Act for confirming a Lease for one and twenty Years, made by Jeffery Palmer, Esq; and others, of Lands in Carlton Curlieu in the County of Leicester, for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer.

18. An Act for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Matthew, late of Petersham in the County of Surrey, Gent. deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies thereon charged by his Last Will and testament; and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said Will mentioned.

19. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Henden, Esq; in the County of Kent, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

20. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Humphry Pooler, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of Worcester.

21. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, alias Anguish, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for Payment of his Debts, and settling the Remainder according to his Marriage Articles.

22. An Act to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir Richard Grosvenor, Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary Grosvenor, and the Infancy of her younger Children; and for settling the Estate in the Family, and making Building Leases, as effectually as if the said Dame Mary was of sound Mind, and her Children of full Age, and all had joined in levying Fines.

23. An Act for vesting several Messuages or Tenements, in Bride Lane, and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Bridget, alias St. Brides, London, of John Pointer, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold in lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements of a greater Value, settled by the said John Poynter to such Uses, and upon such Trusts, as the said Houses in London are settled.

24. An Act to enable John Hardres, Esq; and Anne his Wife, to sell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned.

25. An Act for vesting certain Lands in the Parish of Woodchurch in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winifred Bridger and Laurence Bridger, in certain Trustees, to be sold for the raising Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Great Bealings, and several Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alias Webb, Esq; deceased, in Great Bealings, and several other Places in the County of Suffolk, for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb, and for applying the overplus money (if any) arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb (an Infant) his Son and Heir.

27. An Act for vesting a certain Piece of ground being Part of a field called Stonebridge Field, adjoining to Piccadilly in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of the same, to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses.

28. An Act to vest the Estate of Sir Henry Robinson, Knt. a Lunatick, lying in Cransley in the County of Northampton, in Trustees, to enable them to make a Settlement on the Marriage of John Robinson, Esq; only Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir Henry, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up Leases of the Estate of William Bourgogne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters.

30. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen Jermin, the only Son of Stephen Jermin, of London, Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again.

31. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John Weston, Esq; in the County of Surrey, and discharging it from the Demands of the Crown.

32. An Act for the Sale of the Estates late of William Hubbald, and of his Father Edward Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Satisfaction of the said William Hubbald's Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act to explain and make more effectual a Clause relating to the Estate of Dame Rebecca Lytton, deceased, in an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatic.

34. An Act for vesting the Manor of Bucksteep, and several Lands in Sussex, the Estate of Joseph Weller, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus money to certain Uses and Trusts therein mentioned.

35. An Act for the Relief of Abraham Roth of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esq; in relation to the Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

36. An Act to enable Robert Jones of Funmun Castle in the County of Glamorgan, Esq; to make Leases for three Lives, or for ninety-nine Years determinable in three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself for Life by his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands to the Uses of that Settlement in lieu and Recompense of such Power.

37. An Act for the Sale of certain Lands and Tithes in the Parish of Tonge in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of William Mugglestone deceased, and for the distribution of the Money thereby, arising, pursuant to a Settlement made of the said Lands and Tithes by the said William Mugglestone.

38. An Act for enabling Charles Lord Viscount Cullen, to sell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of Elmesthorpe in the County of Leicester, for the Payment of his Debts.

39. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Theophilus Biddulph, Esq; for Payment of his Debts.

40. An Act to enable Trustees to make Building Leases of Part of the Estate late of John Lovett deceased, lying in the City of Dublin.

41. An Act for Sale of Timber upon the Estate of Thomas Skeffington, Esq; an Infant, for Payment of his Father's Debts.

42. An Act for confirming an Agreement made between Philip Saltmarsh and Thomas Bennet, Esqrs. for a Partition, Division and Exchange of several Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard Brideoake, Esq; in the County of Oxon, and charging other Part thereof with two Annuities, for Payment and Satisfaction of several Incumbrances affecting his whole Estate; and for confirming an Agreement made between the said Richard Brideoake and others claiming Common in Hook Norton Warren and Hook Norton Lays, in the same County.

44. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Frognal, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, the Estate of George Clerk, Esq; for Payment of Debts, and settling an Estate in the County of Leicester and City of London, to the same Uses as the Estate in Kent was settled.
