Private Acts passed in 1711, 10 Anne, c.1 - c.51.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act to make a Causey over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Caister, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act to enable John Lord Gower, Baron of Stittenham, an Infant, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage.

3. An Act for enlarging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

4. An Act to enable Trustees, during the Minority of Wriothesley Duke of Bedford, and of the Lord John Russel his Brother, to grant Leases of the Estate of the said Duke, and Setts for getting Copper and other Ore and Minerals therein, and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants, or Setts, already made.

5. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of James Lord Annesly with the Lady Elizabeth Manors, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence on Hearings in Equity and Trials at Law.

6. An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and Maintaining the Poor there.

7. An Act for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford.

8. An Act for making the River Avon in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanhams Mills.

9. An Act for the better Repairing and Amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road in the County of Suffolk.

10. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, with Fresh Water.

11. An Act for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Lower Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on Water-born Coals to be brought into the said Town.

12. An Act for confirming and rendring more effectual certain Letters Patents of King James the First, for annexing Canonry, and several Rectories, to the Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Oxford; and for the Regius Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge.

13. An Act for enabling James Griffin, Esq; and Edward Griffin, Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James, and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves and their Family.

14. An Act to enable the Honourable Algernoon Grevil, Esq; to make a Settlement of his Estate in the several Counties of York and Warwick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the Honourable Mary Somerset, his now Wife.

15. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hempsted, and other Land therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Estate of Sir Robert Guldeford, Baronet, for the Payment of Debts, and for settling the Camber Farm, and other Lands in the County of Sussex, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Hempsted now stands settled.

16. An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Land, Tithes, and other Profits of the Rectory of Gothurst in the County of Bucks.

17. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Dalham, and other Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk, and elsewhere, late Estate of Simon Patrick, Clerk, deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Agerdesley, alias Agersley, and Marchington, and several Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Stafford, for Payment of Mortgage Monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the Honourable Charles Egerton, Esq;

19. An Act to enable Trustees to cut and sell Timber on the Estate late of Anthony Henley, Esq; deceased; for applying the Money thereby arising, towards Payment of his younger Childrens Portions, provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates by the same Settlement, now vested in Richard Norton, Esq; to other Trustees on the same Trusts.

20. An Act for making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Didoe, in the County of Cornwall, out of the Tithes and Profits of the Rectory of Duloe.

21. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill, Esq; deceased, in Orton and Rowell, in the County of Northampton, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edward Hill, for the settling other Lands and Tenements, in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

22. An Act for enabling Edward Southwell, Esq; to grant certain Houses and Lands in the County of Gloucester, to Joshua Franklyn, of Bristol, Merchant, for a Term of Years, in order to the better Improvement therof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell.

23. An Act to enable Owen Thomas Bromsall, Gent. to sell diverse Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Bartholomew Vanhomrigh, Esq; deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold.

25. An Act for selling certain Lands, Part of the Manof of Wrightfield, alias Whitefield, and other Lands in the County of Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Fermor, Widow, deceased, and of John More, jun. of Kirtlington, in the County of Nottingham, Esq; and Margaret his Wife.

26. An Act to enable William Western, Esq; an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy.

27. An Act for Sale of the Manors of North Court and Boynton, in the Parish of Swinfield in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon, Esq; for discharging Incumbrances.

28. An Act for confirming to Agmondisham Vesey, Esq; and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign for their Relief, and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate incurred before the passing of the said Act.

29. An Act to explain an Act made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, so far as it relates to Joseph Paske, one of the said Sureties.

30. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain for the time bring, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks, Esq; late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of England, were, by a former Act of Parliament enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks himself,

31. An Act to make Free the Content Galley, a Running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize.

32. An Act for making the Ship Success, a Free Ship.

33. An Act for repairing the Highway between Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford.

34. An Act for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road betwixt Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent.

35. An Act for uniting the Parish Churches of Thordon and Ingrave in the County of Essex.

36. An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements in the County of Warwick, the Estate of Thomas Finer, late of Ethrop in the said County, deceased, Esq; in Trustees, and to enable them to sell Part thereof, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and to raise a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the rest of his Children.

37. An Act to empower the Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets, to pay to Sir William Hodges, Bart, the Money due upon fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery.

38. An Act for the Relief of George Matthew, Esq; against a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his late wife's Estate are set aside.

39. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Pierson, Esq; deceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William Pierson to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth.

40. An Act for vesting several Lands in Battlesdon, in the County of Bedford, in John Hillersdon, Esq; and his Heirs, discharged of several Uses and Estates to which they are now limited, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses.

41. An Act to enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, of the Kingdom of Ireland, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown, and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the same.

42. An Act for enlarging the Time for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable Richard Lord Belew, of the Kingdom of Ireland, vested in Trustees by an Act of Parliament lately passed in the said Kingdom.

43. An Act for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty's Forces.

44. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of Court at Week, and diverse other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Austen, Baronet, deceased.

45. An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pynsent, Esq; and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian, Esq; and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County of Somerset.

46. An Act for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore, Esq; in the County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon, and providing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for vesting several Lands in Netherex, Rew, Silverton and Thorverton, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Real Estate of Barbara, sole Daughter and Heir of John Goring, late of the City of Litchfield, Esq; and now the Wife of Mr. Walter Chetwynd, for the Performance of Articles on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority.

50. An Act for confirming a Lease made by Jeffery Palmer and Robert Palmer, Esquires, for a further Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer.

51. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with George Dixon, Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset and City of Bristol.
