Private Acts passed in 1713, 12 Anne, Sess. 2, c.1 - c.35.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 13.
---

1. An act for the building a new church or chapel of ease in Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, by a duty or imposition on all coals, culm and cinders, to be landed there.

2. An act for the repairing the highways between Shepard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon-hill in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of highways thereunto adjacent.

3. An act for repairing the highway or road from the city of Worcester, to the borough of Droitwich in the county of Worcester.

4. An act for repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the county of Berks, and a certain place called Burnt-Field in the said county.

5. An act for sale of part of the estate of Joseph Oliver, gent, lying in the county of Devon, and city of Exon, for payment of his debts, and for making provision for maintenance and education of his daughter.

6. An act for making more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of her present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockley in the county of Bedford.

7. An act for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable.

8. An act for vesting the lease of the rectory of Chesterfield in the county of Derby, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of the debts of George Smith, esq; deceased, and for making provision for his daughter.

9. An act for the sale of the manor and barton of Widdicombe, in the county of Devon, comprised in the marriage-settlement of Walter Hole, gent, and Philippe his wife, and for raising and securing the sum of 1500l. for the benefit of the children of the said Walter and Phillippe.

10. An act for upholding and repairing the bridges and highways in the county of Edinburgh.

11. An act for sale of the estate of Jobs Tregagle, esq; deceased, lying in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, for payment of debts, and making provision for his children.

12. An act to make partition of the manor of Cottingham, alias Cottingham-Sarum, in the county of York, between Richard Wynne, esq; and Sarah his wife, and John Barrington, esq.

13. An act for naturalizing Christian William Kirchoff.

14. An act for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittensor, and the most northern part of Talk on the Hill in But-Lane in the county of Stafford.

15. An act for making more effectual an act passed in the 7th and 8th years of the reign of his late majesty King William III. intituled, An act for erecting of hospitals and workhouses in the city of Bristol, and for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

16. An act for the more effectual amending the highways leading from Royston in the county of Hertford, to Wansford-Bridge in the county of Huntingdon.

17. An act for parting and enclosing two great open common fields, and a large open greensward common down, lying and being in the manor and parish of Thormarton, alias Farmington, in the county of Gloucester, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for the rendring valid and effectual two several indentures of demise and mortgage, executed by Scroop, late lord viscount How, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former act of parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding same defects therein.

19. An act for the sale of some out-parts of the estate of Simon Scroope, esq; in the counties of York and Nottingham, for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for the sale of certain messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, contained in the marriage-settlement of Francis Cherry, gent, deceased, and Elizabeth his wife, and for the converting the same into ready money for the benefit of his wife and children; and for the sale of divers other manors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, for the payment of the debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the debts of William Cherry, esq; deceased, and other purposes in the said act mentioned.

21. An act for naturalizing Samuel Du Pree.

22. An act to enable the right honourable Rachel lady Kingston, an infant, to make a lease of part of her jointure, notwithstanding her infancy.

23. An act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Bellomont to sell certain Lands in Ireland for raising Money to purchase the jointure of Lucy Ann Countess Dowager of Bellomont and for paying her Daughters Portion.

24. An act for confirming a Settlement made on the Marriage of the now Lord Viscount Massereen; and for better securing the Jointure of his Lady and of Rachel Viscountess Dowager Massereen; and for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and tithes in Ireland to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for vesting in Frederick Hamilton Esquire certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland purchased by him of the Executors of Joseph Ivie, esq; deceased and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An act to enable Sir Thomas Prendergast, bart. an Infant to sell Part of his Estate lying in the County of Waterford in the Kingdom of Ireland for the Payment of his Fathers Debts and other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act to impower the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin of London, merchant, for such debts as he stands bound for, as surety for Thomas Coleman, tobacco-merchant.

28. An act to impower the lord high-treasurer of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to compound with Robert Wise and his sureties, for such debts as he owes to her Majesty, or stands bound for as surety for customs of tobacco.

29. An act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Loggin with Sarah Gardner and to enable him to marry again.

30. An act to enable Ambrose Browne, esq; and others to make sale of the Manor of Bayham in the Counties of Sussex and Kent and to settle other Lands and Tenements in the County of Surrey to the same uses as the said Manor of Bayham now stands settled.

31. An act for vesting Part of the Estate of William Brown an infant lying in the Parishes of Bridgwater, Northpetherton and Weston-Zoyland in the County of Somerset in Trustees to be sold for Payment of a Mortgage and other Debts and Legacies.

32. An act for sale of part of the estate late of Brereton Bourchier, esq; deceased, for payment of debts; and other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for making effectual an agreement made by the commissioners for building fifty new churches with John Walker, esq; for ground in the Strand to build one of the new churches upon.

34. An act for naturalizing James Eymer and others.

35. An act for naturalizing Daniel Burr.

