Private Acts passed in 1713, 12 Anne, Sess. 1, c.1 - c.25.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 13.
---

1. An act for repairing the highway or road from the Stones-End in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex, to the furthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Endfield in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford.

2. An act for confirming several grants in fee-farm made by Henry earl of Thomond, by virtue or since the passing a former act of parliament; and for giving some ease and relief to the purchasers under or since the said former act.

3. An act for confirming articles, and vesting the manor of Kirby-Underwood in the county of Lincoln, and other manors, lands and hereditaments thereby agreed to be sold, in trustees, for discharging the debts of Sir John Brownlow, bart. deceased, and his daughters portions, and other purposes in the said articles mentioned.

4. An act for divesting the crown of the remainder in fee-simple of and in the manor and advowson of Stourton in the county of Wilts, and several lands, tenements and hereditaments, to the same manor belonging, expectant on certain estates-tail, and for vesting the same in certain other persons therein named, to the intent the same may be barred by proper methods in law, for the purposes therein mentioned.

5. An act to enable trustees to sell some out-parts of the estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey, Bart, in the county of Devon, for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act to enable William Harvey, the elder esq; and William Harvey, esq; his son, to settle a jointure, and grant a lease, and for vesting the inheritance, after a term of five hundred years, of lands in Suffolk, in trustees to be sold for raising portions for his daughters.

7. An act for the exchange of the parsonage-house at Charlton in Kent, and close thereto adjoining, in lieu of another house and lands there.

8. An act for making the chapelry of Stockton in the county of Durham, a distinct parish.

9. An act for naturalizing Lewis Van-den Enden.

10. An act for better enabling James earl of Salisbury, and his trustees, to make sale of certain manors, lands and hereditaments in the counties of Northampton and Dorset, and a fee-farm rent, for the purposes in the said act mentioned.

11. An act for the sale of the reversion and inheritance of the manor of Morley in the county of York, together with the term of 500 years therein, decreed to be sold for payment of debts, and also for exchanging a fee-farm rent of the coheirs of William late Marquess of Halifax, issuing out of part of Leiffield forest in Rutlandshire, for a fee-farm rent of Daniel earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hartingfordbury in Hertfordshire, and for settling the same to such uses as the said fee-firm rent in Rutlandshire was settled.

12. An act for raising 5000l. portion out of several lands in Middlesex and Warwickshire, charged therewith (being the estate of the Right honourable Gilbert earl of Coventry) and for paying the same to the lady Anne Coventry, his daughter, at her marriage, though the same should be before her age of eighteen years.

13. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Warwick and Bedford, (late the estate of Sir Roger Burgoyne, Bart, deceased) in trustees, for divers purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for discharging the manors and lordships of Bexwell and Tinworth in the county of Norfolk from the several uses, trusts and estates thereof limited, in and by the marriage settlement of Sir John Holland, Bart, with the lady Rebecca his wife; and for settling divers other manors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments of a greater value, and which lie more convenient in the same county, in lieu thereof.

15. An act for enabling Henry Lee the younger, alias Lee Warner, to make a jointure upon his marriage.

16. An act for uniting and consolidating the rectories, advowsons and parishes of Melton St. Mary's and Melton All Saints, in the diocese of Norwich in the county of Norfolk.

17. An act to amend several defects in an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King William III. intituled, An act to enable Thomas Byde, Esq; an infant with the consent of his guardians and next relations, to make a contract for the buying in his mother's jointure; and to sell a small estate in Great Amwell in the county of Hertford; and likewise for the securing and raising a portion for Barbara Byde, spinster, sister of the said Thomas Byde, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned, and to enable the said Thomas Byde to raise monies, and to make leases for the purposes in this present act mentioned.

18. An act to enable William Booth, gent, to sell certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Chester, for payment of the debts of his brother, with whom and for which he stands bound; and for applying the surplus (if any) of the money raised for such purpose, towards payment of his own proper debts.

19. An act to enable the right honourable Charles lord Weston and earl of Arran in the kingdom of Ireland, to take the oath of office, as master of her Majesty's ordnance in the kingdom of Ireland, before the barons of her Majesty's court of Exchequer at Westminster, and to qualify himself for the legal enjoyment of the said office.

20. An act for enabling Sir Charles Gresham, bart. to raise the sum of five thousand pounds, and interest, and maintenance, for Elizabeth the daughter of his brother Sir Edward Gresham, bart deceased; and to make provision for his younger children.

21. An act to enable Sir Edward Leighton, bart. to charge his estate with 4000l. (preferable to 6000l. already charged thereupon by his marriage-settlement) for the purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for sale of several lands and tenements of John Constable, gent, in the parish of Ockley in the county of Surrey, for payment of his debts, and for settling other lands in the same county, of a better value, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

23. An act to enable John Harrington, esq; and Dorothy his wife, and Charles Harrington, gent, son and heir apparent of the said John Harrington, to sell the reversion of several messuages and tenements in Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, being the inheritance of the said Dorothy, for payment of their debts, and settling an equivalent upon the said Dorothy.

24. An act to enable Symes Parry to change his name of Parry to Symes, according to the will of John Symes, esq; deceased.

25. An act to naturalize Simon Descury, Peter Ribot, Peter Laffite, and others.

