Private Acts passed in 1714, 1 George 1 c.1 - c.48.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 13.
---

1. An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a commission to some persons in England, to administer to Henry Temple, esq; and Luke King, gentleman, the usual oaths for the due execution of their office of remembrancer of the court of Exchequer in Ireland.

2. An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a commission to some of the barons of the court of Exchequer in England, to administer to Thomas Hopkins, esq; the usual oaths for the due execution of the office or offices of searcher, packer and gauger in the port of Dublin.

3. An act for settling the precedency of Robert marquiss of Lindsey, great chamberlain of England, when created a duke of Great Britain, and of such as shall succeed to the said honour.

4. An act for appointing persons to take care of the person and estate of John Digby, esq; eldest son and heir apparent of William lord Digby in the kingdom of Ireland.

5. An act for vesting in the warden and college of All-Souls in Oxford, and their successors, certain houses and ground belonging to the parish of St. Mary in Oxford

6. An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Iceland, to grant a commission to some persons in Great Britain, to administer to Henry Temple, esq; the usual oaths for due execution of the office of chief remembrancer of the court of Exchequer in Ireland.

7. An act for sale of part of the estate late of William Betts, gentleman, deceased, for discharging incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a settlement by him made of other part of his estate.

8. An act to enable trustees to grant leases of part of the lands devised by the last will and testament of Thomas Trenchard, esq; deceased.

9. An act for relieving William Paterson, esq; out of the equivalent-money, for what is due to him.

10. An act to naturalize Florian Goebell, merchant.

11. An act for naturalizing Herman Meyer.

12. An act for repairing the highways through the several parishes of St. Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge and South-Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

13. An act for confirming the sale of the reversion of the manor of Barrington, by George earl of Cardigan, to Theophilus Shelton, esq; and his heirs.

14. An act for vesting in trustees part of the estate of Nicholas Fry, esq; deceased, for payment of his debts.

15. An act to enable the right honourable Henry earl of Rochester, and William lord viscount Mountjoy in the kingdom of Ireland, to take the oaths of office for their respective offices in the said kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves in England for the legal enjoyment of their said offices.

16. An act for explaining an act made in the ninth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for vesting part of the estate of Thomas Panton, esq; in trustees to be sold for payment of debts, and securing a jointure to Mary his now wife; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for vesting certain manors and lands in the counties of Devon and Kent, the estate of Sir William Courtenay, baronet, in trustees, and their heirs, to be sold, and with the money arising thereby to purchase other lands in the county of Devon, contiguous to the seat of his family, to be settled to the same uses.

18. An act to enable Sir Richard Wynche, baronet, and Humphrey Wynche, esq; only son and heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wynche, to settle a jointure upon such woman as the said Humphrey Wynche shall marry.

19. An act to enable George Heneage, esq; to sell the rectory of North-Willingham, in the county of Lincoln, and some lands there, and for settling rent-charges of greater value in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act to enable Richard Lee, an infant, with the consent of trustees, to grant leases of some part of his estate, notwithstanding his minority.

21. An act for building and endowing a church upon the site of the castle of Liverpoole, held by a lease from the dutchy of Lancaster; and for the explaining a former act for the building another church there.

22. An act for vesting the estate late of John Turner, esq; deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts.

23. An act for confirming a sale already made to Edmund Dummer, gentleman, of some part, and for vesting other part of the estate of John Bromfield, esq; in the county of Southampton, comprized in the articles made upon his marriage with Anne his wife, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of his debts; and for settling the remaining part thereof, as near as may be, to the intent of the said articles; and for making thereby, and by other means in the act mentioned, some provision for the said John Bromfield and Anne his wife and their issue.

24. An act to make the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks.

25. An act for repairing and amending the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middlesex.

26. An act to enable Richard lord viscount Rosse of the kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his non-age, to settle a jointure, on Mary viscountess Rosse his wife, and make a settlement on his issue male, with provision for younger children, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for the relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colmore, William Hunt, William Parrott, and others, as to customs of goods, burnt or destroyed by the late fire in Thames-Street, London.

28. An act to enable Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, baronet, to raise monies to discharge his brothers and sisters portions, and to settle a jointure on a wife.

29. An act to enable Robert Cope, esq; to settle an additional jointure out of his estate on Elizabeth his now wife; and also to raise portions and maintenances for his daughters and younger children by her; and to enable those in remainder to do the same.

30. An act for sale of part of the manor of Low-Laiton, in the county of Essex, and other lands there; and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other lands in the county of Lincoln, to be settled to the same uses as the said part of the manor of Low-Laiton is settled.

31. An act to naturalize Frederica countess of Holderness, Peter Gravier, Theodore Bouchier and Francis Masson.

32. An act to naturalize Robert de Ulteger, George Christian Luders, and others.

33. An act for naturalizing Henry Cornelisen.

34. An act for vesting the honour and estate of John duke of Athol in James Murray, esq; commonly called lord James Murray, after the death of the said duke.

35. An act for the naturalization of Frederick Guliker.

36. An act for naturalizing Gerrard Roeters.

37. An act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of her late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the highway or road from the Stones-End in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the farthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Endfield, in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford.

38. An act to enable his royal highness George prince of Wales, to qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal enjoyment of the office of chancellor of the university of Dublin in the kingdom of Ireland.

39. An act to enable Charles earl of Sunderland, and Henry earl of Rochester, to take in Great Britain the oath of office as vice-treasurer and receiver general, and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

40. An act to enable Richard earl of Burlington and Cork, to take in England the oath of the office of high treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal enjoyment of the said office.

41. An act for vesting several manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments late of Charles earl of Dorset and Middlesex, whereof James late duke of Qrmond, at the time of his attainder, was seised, as surviving trustee named in the will of the said earl, in new trustees, and their heirs, upon the same trusts.

42. An act for explaining and making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for making the chapelry of Stockton in the county of Durham, a distinct parish.

43. An act for naturalizing Casper White.

44. An act for the more effectual reverting and making void the attainder of Charles earl of Macclesfield deceased.

45. An act to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby, knight, from his imprisonment, and vest his estate and effects in trustees for the benefit of his creditors.

46. An act for vesting certain lands and tenements of Peter Sunderland, esq; in trustees, to be sold for payment of debts charged thereon before the making of his marriage-settlement, and by virtue thereof.

47. An act to enable Thomas Proctor of Rock, in the county of Northumberland, esq; to raise the sum of four thousand pounds out of his estate, for payment of his debts, and making provision for his younger children.

48. An act for naturalizing Erengard Melosine, baroness of Schulenburg.

