Private Acts passed in 1717, 4 George 1 c.1 - c.25.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 5, and archives.parliament.uk.
---

1. AN Act to enable George Bubb, Esq; and his Issue Male, to change their Surname to the Surname of Dodington.

2. An Act for naturalising Abraham Boctefeur.

3. An Act for the better explaining several Acts therein mentioned, for erecting of Hospitals and work houses within the City of Bristol, for the employing and maintaining the Poor, thereof, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

4. An Act for amending the roads from the City of London, to the Town of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surrey.

5. An Act for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones-end of Kent street in the Parish of St. George's Southwark in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East-Greenwich near Black-Heath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent.

6. An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning lane End (next to Twiford) in the Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks.

7. An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner in the Town of Reading (leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton) to Basingstoke in the said County of Southampton.

8. An Act for settling the Estates of the most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish, Esq; commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Son and Heir apparent of the said Duke, on the Marriage of the said Marquis of Hartington with Catherine Hoskins, Spinster, only Child of John Hoskins, Esq; deceased.

9. An Act to enable Henry Duke of Kent, and Anthony Grey, Esq; commonly called Earl of Harrold, to make Jointures for the Wife or Wives of the said Earl of Harrold, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for vesting the Manor of Esher Watervile, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the most Noble Thomas Holles, Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, in consideration of Rent charges to be issuing out of the same and other Lands, in Lieu thereof, to the Use of the Corporation of Kingston upon Thames in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the Poor of the said Town.

11. An Act to enable Richard Earl of Burlington to make Leases of a Piece of Ground behind Burlington house.

12. An Act for confirming the respective Sales of a Fee-Farm Rent, and diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Bedford, lately made by the Right Honourable John Lord Carterett, and william Hilderson, Esq; to each other, and to discharge the same from diverse Estates, Terms and Trusts, to which they are respectively liable by several Settlements made thereof.

13. An Act for vesting the great Tithes and Glebe lands belonging to the Rectory of Saxby in the County of Leicester, in the Right Honourable Bennet Lord Harborough, and his Heirs, in Lieu of other Lands and an Annuity, to be settled on the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors for ever, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John late Earl of Kildare, deceased, towards Payment of his Debts, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for establishing the Disposition of the personal Estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, deceased, and the Settlements on his three Sons under his Will, and exchanging Ground rents in Wapping in Middlesex for another Rent of like Value, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for the better enabling the Honourable James Bertie, Esq; to raise Portions for his younger Children.

17. An Act for making more effectual certain Articles of Agreement between Sir George Downing, Baronet, and Dame Mary, eldest Daughter of Sir William Forester, Knt. and her Trustees.

18. An Act for confirming an Agreement between Dame Elizabeth Napier, Sir Theophilus Napier, Baronet, Archibald Napier and Edward Napier, the Relict, and Sons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his Real and Personal Estate, for vesting his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford in Trustees, for the better Performance of the said Agreement.

19. An Act for vesting diverse lands and Tenements in the County of Sussex, Part of the Estate of Charles Eversfield, Esq; in Trustees, for a present Provision for his Son, and for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Eversfield.

20. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Joseph Thurston, Esq; deceased, lying in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his infant Children.

21. An Act for the exonerating and discharging the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments of Francis Cornwall, Esq; and likewise the said Francis Cornwall, of and from certain Articles of Agreement made before the Marriage of the said Francis Cornwall.

22. An Act to enable Ralph Shipperdson, Esq; to make Sale of his Estate in Studley Roger in the County of York, freed from the Uses and Trusts in the said Ralph Shipperdson's Marriage settlement, and to settle his Estate at East-Murton in the County of Durham to the same Uses.

23. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Mr. John Offley for the Debt he stands engaged for to the Crown for the Duties on Tobacco.

24. An Act to naturalise Peter Rose, and others.

25. An Act to naturalise Martin Ludolph, Ulrick Jansen, John Ludolph Spellerbergh, John Spicker and Laurence Gundeloah.

