Private Acts passed in 1718, 5 George 1 c.1 - c.25.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14.
---

1. An act for repairing the roads from the top of Stoken-Church hill to Enslow Bridge, and the road leading from Wheatley Bridge through the city of Oxon by Begbrooke, to New Woodstock in the county of Oxon (except the mile-way on each side the city) and to disable all of or trustees appointed for repairing of any highways or roads, to have any place of profit arising out of the toll for repairing such highways or roads.

2. An act for repairing the roads from Beconsfield in the county of Bucks, to Stoken-Church in the county of Oxon.

3. An act to render more effectual the agreements that have been made between Thomas Holles duke of Newcastle, Henry Pelham, esq; Edward Lord Harley, and the lady Henrietta his wife, William Pane and Gilbert Vane, esquires, sons of Christopher Lord Bernard, or any of them, in relation to the will and estate of John late duke of Newcastle; and for settling the same in such manner as may be agreeable, to the intent of the said agreements; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

4. An act to vest the fee and inheritance of the capital messuage called Halifax House in St. James's Square in the parish of St. James, Westminster, and the castle and manor of Fotheringhay in the county of Northampton, in trustees, to be sold together with a term of five hundred years devised by William late lord marquis of Halifax to his executors, in trust, for the better performance of his will.

5. An act for relief of Sir Nicholas Tempest, baronet, touching an estate demised to him by William late lord Widdrington and lady Jane his late wife, many years before the attainder of the said late lord Widdrington.

6. An act to enable William Granvill, esq; to take upon him the surname of Glanvill, instead of his surname of Evelyn, pursuant to the will of William Glanvill, esq; deceased.

7. An act to enable William Pulteney, esq; and the persons in remainder after him, to make leases of the houses and ground therein mentioned, and to rectify some mistakes in two leases from King Charles the Second to Sir William Pulteney, and from King William the Third to John Pulteney, esq;

8. An act for vesting certain lands and tenements in the county of Somerset, the estate of Thomas Jett, esq; in trustees, to be sold, and with the money arising thereby, to purchase other lands of the like value, to be settled to the same uses.

9. An act for vesting in John Perret, gent. and his heirs, part of the estate of Thomas Davison, esq; at Stranton, Seaton, Carew and Thorp Thewles in the county of Durham, freed from the uses and trusts of the said Thomas Davison's marriage settlement, and to settle other lands of better value to the same uses.

10. An act for sale of several manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments of the right honourable Thomas earl of Westmorland in the county of Kent, and with the monies arising by such sale to purchase other lands in or near the county of Northampton, to be settled to the same uses.

11. An act for vesting an estate late of Francis Phelips, esq; in Barling in the county of Essex in trustees, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act to enable Thomas Willoughby, esq; and the persons in remainder after him, to make a jointure.

13. An act to enable Catherine Paul, an infant, to transfer the trust therein mentioned, as if she were of the age of one and twenty years.

14. An act for confirming an agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues and goods of the hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell and St. Thomas the Apostle, and the governors of the schools founded by Erasmus Smith, esq;

15. An act for sale of part of the estate of Robert Barnwell, esq; and for purchasing other lands to be settled to the same uses, as the estate to be sold is settled.

16. An act for sale of the estate of Nathaniel Long late of London merchant, deceased, for payment of his debts, and for applying the residue according to the direction of his will.

17. An act to naturalize Peter Sejourne, Samuel Dufresnay, and Peter Lucas.

18. An act for naturalizing Lodowick Christian Sprogell.

19. An act for making the town and township of Sunderland a distinct parish from the parish of Bishop Wearmouth in the county of Durham.

20. An act for vesting the manors of Askie, Catterton, and other lands in the county of York, and county of the city of York, part of the estate of Philip duke of Wharton, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged for the purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act to enable the lords of of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Jasper Cullum for the debts he stands engaged for to the crown on account of Richard Lee, Thomas Corbin, Heneage Robinson and John Fox, for the duties on tobacco.

22. An act to enable the lords of of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Robert Wemes for the debt due from him to his Majesty, in relation to the duties on salt.

23. An act to enable Robert Packer, esq; and Mary his wife, Winchcombe Howard Packer, (their son a minor) Henrietta Winchcombe, and Thomas Skerret, esq; and dame Elizabeth Winchcombe his wife, to enter their respective claims before the of and trustees for determining claims upon the forfeited estates, and to impower the said of and trustees to hear and determine the said claims.

24. An act for the relief of Edward Clent, esq; executor of lieutenant colonel Thomas Clent, for an army debenture lost in the pay-office.

25. An act to naturalize Peter Lamy de Hame, and Charlotte Whetstone.
