Private Acts passed in 1719, 6 George 1 c.1 - c.36.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14.
---

1. An act for settling and assuring the manors of Orton and Bottle-Bridge, and other premisses in the county of Huntingdon, to the several uses mentioned in the will of Margaret late duchess of Newcastle, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

2. An act for vesting part of the estate of Thomas earl or Hadinton, in trustees, to be sold, and with the monies arising thereby, to purchase other lands of the like value to be settled to the same uses.

3. An act to enable Anne Walker, alias Baughs, a minor, the wife of Thomas Folliot Walker, gent, to sell and convey unto the right honourable William Conolly, esq; and his heirs, her share and proportion of several manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments in the kingdom of Ireland, devised to her by the last will of Thomas late Lord Folliot, deceased; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

4. An act for confirming a partition made between the right honourable George lord Carbery, baron of Carbery in the kingdom of Ireland, and Henry O'Brien, esq; of certain manors, lands and hereditaments in the several counties of Northampton and Rutland.

5. An act for inclosing the common, commonly called Baltonsbury common, in the parishes of Baltonsbury and Bradley in the county of Somerset.

6. An act to enable Thomas Dove, esq; to raise two thousand pounds upon his estate at Upton, Sutton, Aylesworth and Castor, and to make sale of his estate at Heathencoate in the county of Northampton, for discharging incumbrances upon the said estates, raising of portions for his brother and sister, and payment of his father's and his own debts.

7. An act for inclosing the heath or common, commonly called Gratwood Heath in the parish of Eccleshall in the county of Stafford.

8. An act to enable the lessees and farmers of Daniel Whitby, doctor in divinity, and prebendary of the prebend of Teignton Regis, in the cathedral church of the blessed lady Mary the virgin, of Sarum, and of all Succeeding prebendaries of the said prebend for the time being, to make leases of the copyhold lands of the several manors of Preston, alias Prestown, and Churchland, alias the Parson's Land, in the county of Devon.

9. An act for making the townships of Shipston and Tidmington a distinctparish from the parish of Tredington in the county and diocese of Worcester and for dividing the rectory of the said parish of Tredington into three parts,

10. An act for supplying the defects in, and better performance of the will of Edmund Dunch, esq; deceased.

11. An act for discharging certain estates in the counties of Lincoln and Warwick, of and from the uses and limitations contained in the marriage-settlement of Sir William Keyte, baronet, and settling other lands in the county of Gloucester, of greater value to the same uses.

12. An act for vesting the estates of Sir John Hales and Sir Christopher Hales, baronets, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, for raising money for the paying and discharging the debts and incumbrances charged thereupon, and affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for sale of part of the estate of Sir John Chichester, baronet, for the purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to enable Elizabeth Gomeldon, widow, and her trustees, to enter their respective claims before the commissioners and trustees of the forfeited estates, and to impower the said commissioners and trustees to hear and determine the same.

15. An act to enable Laurence Broderick, an infant, to perform certain articles of agreement entered into by Anne his mother, since deceased, to whom he is heir.

16. An act to enable trustees to sell part of the estate of John Sandford, esq; deceased, for the payment of his debts and legacies, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for sale of the estate of William Pembroke, late of Portsmouth-Dock, deceased, situate at North-Mims in the county of Hertford, for the purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for vesting the estate of John Pendarves, late of Roscrow in the county of Cornwall, esq; deceased, in new trustees, to and for the same uses, intents and purposes, as are mentioned in his will,

19. An act to enable John Rosier, esq; and his issue, to change their surnames from Rosier to Reynolds.

20. An act for the naturalization of Mary Sophia Charlotte, viscountess Howe, wife of Scroop lord viscount Howe of the kingdom of Ireland.

21. An act for naturalizing Gerard Van Neck.

22. An act for naturalizing Bennet Erasmus Hopfer.

23. An act for naturalizing John Backer and George Kruger.

24. An act for naturalizing Samuel Gampert,

25. An act for naturalizing Cornelius Backer and Henry de Putter.

26. An act for naturalizing Francis Van Hemert, John Van Hemert, Frederick Morgan, and Henry Nicholas Sander

27. An act for naturalizing John Henry Grutzman

28. An act for vesting the estate late of Gilbert Nicholletts, esq; deceased, in trustees for payment of his debts and sisters portions, and for making a provision for his widow and child.

29. An act for annexing the late duke of Shrewsbury's estate to the earldom of Shrewsbury, and confirming Gilbert earl of Shrewsbury's settlement in order thereto, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for exchanging of several small parcels of land in the parish and manor of Fulham belonging to the bishoprick of London, for other lands of greater value, to Charles earl of Peterborough and his heirs.

31. An act to enable any corporations within the university of Cambridge, or any other persons, to sell and convey any messuages and ground to the said university, for enlarging their publick library.

32. An act for rebuilding the parish-church of Saint Martin in the Fields in the city of Westminster, at the charge of the inhabitants of the said parish.

33. An act for sale of part of the estate of sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfylde, baronet, and for settling another estate of greater value to the same uses.

34. An act to enable sir James Lumley, baronet, to settle a competent jointure, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for naturalizing Philip Germain and George Hollmans.

36. An act for naturalizing George Angell.
