Private Acts passed in 1720, 7 George 1 sess 1, c.1 - c.34.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14.
---

1. An act for naturalizing John Robethon, and George Robethon his son.

2. An act to naturalize Joachim Peterssen, Henry Muilman, Benedict Coep, and John Henry Ott.

3. An act to enclose the common field of Lighthorne, and a common called Lighthorne-Heath in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for draining, improving, and inclosing the common called Stokesby-Common in the parish of Stokesby in the county of Norfolk.

5. An act to enable the right honourable Heneage earl of Aylesford, to sell certain estates of leasehold and inheritance in the county of Kent, comprized in his marriage-settlement; and to purchase another estate in the county of Leicester of better value, to be settled to the same uses.

6. An act for the naturalization of Isabella countess of Denbigh, wife of William earl of Denbigh.

7. An act for naturalizing John Hartcup.

8. An act for naturalizing Gilbert de Flines, Christian Friederick Zincke, and others.

9. An act to enable the right honourable Thomas lord Parker, Baron of Macclesfield, lord high chancellor of Great Britain, John Sutton clerk, Edward Ayres and Sarah his wife, and Matthew Hawes and Sarah his wife, for and on the behalf of themselves, and of their infant children, to make several exchanges of lands and tenements, and to perform several agreements touching the same.

10. An act to vest the fee and inheritance of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments of William late marquis of Hallifax in trustees, to be sold together with a term of five hundred years by him devised to his executors in trust, for the better performance of his will.

11. An act for settling the estates of Richard late earl Rivers deceased, pursuant to an agreement made between Frederick earl of Rochford and Bessy countess of Rochford his wife, James Barry earl of Barrymore in the kingdom of Ireland, and lady Penelope Barry his daughter, and John now earl Rivers, subject to the payment of the debts and legacies of the said late earl, remaining unpaid; and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

12. An act for sale of part of the estate of the right honourable Robert lord Romney in the county of Norfolk, and for settling other lands, of greater value in the county of Kent, already purchased, to the same uses.

13. An act to enable any corporations within the university of Oxford, or any other persons, to sell and convey any messuages and ground within the said university, for building a library, pursuant to the will of John Radcliffe, doctor in physick; and for impowering any colleges in the said university, to sell or convey any ground or houses to each other, for the purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to vest the estate of sir Charles Carteret, bart. deceased, in trustees, for payment of his debts, and for settling the remainder to the same uses in his will.

15. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain estates therein mentioned, held by lease from the crown, which have been long in the family of sir William Pulteney deceased, in which more than one hundred years are yet to come, to trustees, upon a full consideration to be paid for the same, as shall be valued by proper officers of the crown, to the end the same, may be settled according to the uses directed in the will of the said sir Wiliam Pulteney.

16. An act for vesting in trustees a moiety of divers manors and lands in Essex, belonging to Thomas Paget esq; and Mery his wife, to enable them, to convey the same according to articles for sale thereof.

17. An act to enable Herbert Perrot Packington esq; only son of sir John Packington baronet, to acknowledge fines, and suffer recoveries, while he is under the age of one and twenty years.

18. An act for vesting certain lands and tenements in the county of Gloucester, the estate of Henry Harrington gent, in trustees, to be sold, and with the money arising thereby to purchase other lands of greater yearly value, to be settled to the same uses as the estate to be sold is settled, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act to enable Harry Bridges esq; to sell the manors of Ilebrewers in the county of Somerset, for payment of his daughter's portion, and legacies charged thereupon.

20. An act for discharging certain estates in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of and from the uses and limitations contained in the marriage-settlement of Thomas Grey esq; and for settling other estates in the said counties to the same uses.

21. An act to enable James Clavering junior, esq; to make sale of his estate at Tanfield in the county of Durham, freed from the uses and trusts in the said James Clavering's marriage-settlement, and to settle his estate at Hall-Hill in the said county, to the same uses.

22. An act for vesting the manors of Burnells, alias Riston, and certain lands in Norfolk, part of the estate of Jonas Rolfe, gent, and Lucy his wife, in trustees, to be sold for discharging the incumbrances thereon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act to enable Robert Paynter esq; to sell the manors of Twydal and East-Court in the county of Kent; and to settle other lands of greater value to the same or the like uses.

24. An act for sale of the estate of John, late earl of Kildare deceased, in the county of Limerick within the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of the charges and incumbrances thereon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for discharging part of the estate of Richard Cambridge esq; in the county of Gloucester, from the uses and limitations contained in his marriage-settlement; and for settling another estate in the same county of better value, to the same uses.

26. An act for inclosing the heath or common called Broad-Heath, in the parishes of Ellen-Hall, Seighford and Ronton, in the county of Stafford.

27. An act for naturalizing James Masse and Jacob Stolk.

28. An act for naturalizing John de Neusuille.

29. An act for confirming the manor of Latham, and divers lands in the county of Lancaster, to Richard Waring, Bryan Fairfax and Thomas Ashurst esqs; and their heirs, subject to the trusts to which the same are now liable, and discharged of a certain clause in letters patents of King Charles the first, for reconveying the reversion in fee to the crown.

30. An act for vesting part of the estate late of Anthony Lechmere esq; deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts.

31. An act for sale of the estate of the manor of Radwell, and other the estate of Robert Bell esq; and Richard Bell his son, in Radwel and Norton in the county of Hertford; and for purchasing other lands to be settled to the same uses.

32. An act for sale of the estate late of Richard Gwyn gent; in the county of Brecon, for payment of debts, and for the settling an estate in the county of Carmarthen, to certain purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for sale of part of the estate of Edward Nedham, gent. in the county of Leicester, for payment of debts charged thereupon; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Jales.
