Private Acts passed in 1721, 8 George 1 c.1 - c.21.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Detelef Von de Thienen, and Melusine baronets of Schoulenburgh.

2. An act for naturalizing Jeanne Coltee du Corel, and others.

3. An act for naturalizing Auguste Tebuteau, Joseph Murat, and others.

4. An act to vest two fourth parts of a fee-farm rent of eighty two pounds eight shillings and two pence, issuing out of the manor of Kingswood in the county of Wilts (of which two fourth parts the lord viscount Harcourt is seised in fee) in trustees, to the like uses as a messuage and lands called Johnson's Farm, in the parishes of Stanton Harcourt and Southley, or one of them, in the county of Oxen, were devised by dame Elizabeth Harcourt, widow, deceased, and in lieu thereof for vesting the said premises, called Johnson's Farm, in the said lord viscount Harcourt and his heirs.

5. An act to enable the mayor, burgesses, and commonalty of the city of Bristol, to build an exchange there for the conveniency of the merchants and traders of that city.

6. An act for sale of part of sir Join Wentworth's estate, towards raising part of the sum of ten thousand pounds for the purposes therein mentioned.

7. An act for vesting part of the estate of sir Ralph Milbanke, bart. in trustees, to be sold for performing his father's will, and an agreement made with his brother and sisters.

8. An act for uniting and consolidating the parish-churches of Stypud, alias Steeple, and Tyneham within the isle of Purbeck, in the county of Dorset.

9. An act to enable Elizabeth and Margaret Newton, infants, during their minority (with consent of trustees) to grant and fill up leases of part of the estate late of John Newton esq; their father, deceased.

10. An act for vesting the estate late of James Price of Pilleth, in the county of Radnor, esq; deceased in trustees, to be sold for payment of several portions, and legacies charged thereon.

11. An act to impower the commissioners and trustees for the forfeited estates, to give such relief to Hugh Wallace of Inglestoun, esq; and Hugh Wallace his son, in relation to their part in an heritable bond and enfeoffment upon the estate of James late earl of Linlithgow, attainted of high treason, as they have given to other claimants upon the said bond.

12. An act for naturalizing Samuel Palmer.

13. An act for naturalizing Lucas Steinman, Paul Kruger, and Henry Boon.

14. An act for naturalizing Christopher Schele.

15. An act to explain and amend an act made in the second year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for sale of part of the estate of Henry lord viscount Dillon, in the kingdom of Ireland, and for settling an equivalent in other part of his estate on the viscountess his wife, for her jointure; and to make a provision for Bridget viscountess Dillon, wife of Richard, now lord viscount Dillon.

16. An act for inclosing Glastonbury commons, in the county of Somerset.

17. An act for vesting in trustees the reversion, freehold and inheritance of part of the estate late of sir William Davie bart. deceased, (expectant on a term of five hundred years) to be sold for payment of his daughters portions, and legacies.

18. An act to enable his Majesty to make such provisions, as is therein mentioned, for the children of James Macdonald deceased, out of the estate of the late sir Donald Macdonald, their uncle, which was forfeited to his Majesty for high treason.

19. An act for naturalizing Agatha Drummond.

20. An act for naturalizing James Girardot, and Paul Amsink.

21. An act to naturalize John Blydesteyn.
