Private Acts passed in 1722, 9 George 1 c.1 - c.22.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act to enable Darcy Dawes, esq; and Sarah Roundell, to make settlements, upon their inter-marriage, of their several estates, notwithstanding their respective minorities.

2. An act for naturalizing Luder Mello, Benjamin Berkenhout, and others.

3. An act for naturalizing John Anthony Loubier, Henry Loubier, and others.

4. An act to enable William Sheppard to change his sirname of Sheppard to Hall, according to the will of William Hall, serjeant at law, deceased.

5. An act to enable Timothy Watts, of Burbage in the county of Leicester, esq; and his heirs, to change or alter their names to Saint Nicholas, according to the will of Bazil Saint Nicholas of Knowle in the county of Warwick, esq; deceased.

6. An act to enable John Smith, gent. and his heirs, to take and use the sirname of Dickenson, according to the will of John Dickenson, gent. deceased.

7. An act to vest in trustees for William Lounds, esq; the reversion in fee, expectant upon a term of four score and nineteen years now in being, of and in certain pieces of ground and building thereupon, in the parish of St. James within the liberty of Westminster, and of and in a certain messuage and land at or near Knightsbridge, upon paying the value thereof into the exchequer.

8. An act to confirm certain exchanges, conveyances, and other assurances, made by John Jenyns, esq; and others, of some parts of the estates comprised in the articles and settlement made on his marriage with Dorothy his late wife, and to supply some defects in the said articles and settlement; and to enable him to make a settlement on any future marriage.

9. An act for vesting in trustees the estates of George Bennet, Gent. and of Henry Bennet, his only son and heir, in the county of Devon, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act to naturalise Elizabeth Burr and others.

11. An Act to naturalise John Berkenhout and Jacob Hansen Busk.

12. An act for completing the sale of the manors of Croxton, alias Croxden, and Great Yate, and other lands and tenements, late the estate of the most noble Evelyn duke of Kingston (lord privy seal) in the county of Stafford; and ascertaining and augmenting the stipend of the minister of Croxton aforesaid, out of the said estate, and for charging one annuity given to the poor of Croxton aforesaid, wholly upon the said estate, and discharging the same estate from other annuities given to the minister and poor of Tong in the county of Salop, by a deed and will of Gervas Lord Pierrepont deceased, and thereby charged upon his Estate in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

13. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agreement between the most noble John, duke Montagu, and William, duke of Manchester, and others, upon a marriage intended between the said duke of Manchester and the Lady Isabella, eldest daughter of the said duke of Montagu.

14. An act for the vesting several woods, lands and coppices in Stanierne and Geddington in the county of Northampton, and belonging to the right honourable George, earl of Cardigan, in the most noble John, duke of Montagu, and his heirs; and for vesting and settling other woods, lands and coppices, lying in the parishes of Oakley Parva and Stanierne in the said county of Northampton, in and upon the said George, earl of Cardigan, with remainders over, and in the manner herein mentioned.

15. An act to enable Richard Edgcombe, esq; to sell lands, not exceeding twenty acres, to and for the use of his Majesty, for building a victualling office for the service of the royal navy at Plymouth, and to purchase other lands to be settled to the same uses, as the lands to be sold now stand limited by his marriage-settlement.

16. An act to enable trustees, with the consent of Mary, the wife of Thomas Horton, esq; a lunatic, to execute the powers in the marriage settlement of the said lunatic, for raising any sum, not exceeding three thousand pounds, for Elizabeth Horton and Eleanor Horton his daughter, and for other purposes herein mentioned.

17. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments of Richard Somers, esq; in the county of Kent, in trustees, to be sold for payment of a debt now owing and charged thereon, on account of his late brother and sisters portions.

18. An act for naturalizing John Baring.

19. An act for vesting part of the estate of Richard Clayton, esq; in the county of Salop, in trustees to be sold for payment of his debts.

20. An act for vesting the estates of sir Gervas Clifton, bart. in trustees, and to enable him to an estate for life, by way of purchase, in settlements intended to be made of his estates on the marriage of Robert Clifton, esq; his son and heir apparent.

21. An act for vesting part of the estate of sir Richard Anderson, bart. deceased, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for sale of the manor of Queenhill, and other the lands therein mentioned in the county of Worcester, for raising monies for and towards payment of the debts of William Gower, esq; and of John Gower, his son, deceased; and for discharging the said manor and lands of and from the same.

