Private Acts passed in 1724, 10 George 1 c.1 - c.26.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act for naturalizing of John Herman, gentleman.

2. An act for naturalizing William Hodshon, Francis Noguier, and others.

3. An act for naturalizing John Gerhardt Mailer, and James Horner.

4. An act for compleating the rebuilding the parish church of St. Martin in the fields.

5. An act for rebuilding the parish church of St. Botolphs Bishopsgate, in the city of London, at the charge of the inhabitants of the said parish.

6. An act to inclose the common fields and commons of Sunningwell cum Buyworth, in the county of Berks.

7. An act for draining, improving, and inclosing the common called Oxburgh Common in the parish of Uxburgh, in the county of Norfolk; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

8. An act to enable Thomas, duke of Norfolk, to make leases for sixty years, of the houses and ground in Arundel-street, Norfolk-street, Howard-street, Surrey-street, and other his tenements and estate in the parish of St. Clements Danes in the county of Middlesex.

9. An act to vest in trustees the manors of Battlesden and Pottesgrave, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bedford, the estate of Benjamin Bathurst, esq; to the intent the same may be sold, in order to compleat a purchase by him made of lands in the county of Gloucester, to be settled to the same uses.

10. An act for sale of the estate late of Humphrey Whadcock, deceased, for discharging a debt due to the crown, and for payment of such other his debts, as his personal estate will not extend to pay; and for settling the residue of his lands conformable to his last will.

11. An act for enabling Pelsant Reeves, gentleman, to sell certain leasehold lands in Suffolk, settled upon his marriage, and to purchase other lands to be settled to the same uses.

12. An act for naturalizing Henry Voght, and Sebastianus Van Wenigem de Vyver.

13. An act for adding the sirname of Tylney, to the descendants of the right honourable William, lord Crawly and Anne his wife, sole daughter and heir of Frederick Tylney, esq;

14. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands and tenements in or near Deptford, in the county of Kent, to trustees upon trust for sir John Evelyn, bart, and his heirs, upon a full consideration to be paid for the same.

15. An act to enable sir Geffery Palmer, bart. and Robert Palmer, esq; and the survivor of them, together with Thomas Palmer, esq; to convey and settle several manors and lands in the counties of Leicester, Northampton and Lincoln.

16. An act for allowing to Thomas Pagett, esq; out of fourteen thousand pounds, vested in trustees by an act of parliament for sale of his wife's estate, the sum of four thousand pounds, upon the consideration therein mentioned.

17. An act to settle the estate of sir Henry Ackins, bart. according to the intention of articles made before his marriage with dame Penelope his wife, daughter of sir John Stonehouse, bart.

18. An act for explaining the will of Jacob Knight, esq; deceased, and charging his fee-simple estates with two thousand pounds, and interest, for the portion of his youngest son, Charles Knight.

19. An act for vesting the manor of Coniston-Cold, in the county of York, and other lands and tenements therein mentioned, in trustees, to be sold for payment of the debts of Henry Coulthurst, esq; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for vesting certain copy-hold lands in the county of Suffolk, late the estate of Henry Appleton, esq; deceased, in trust, to be sold for payment of his childrens portions.

21. An act for vesting the estates of Walter Bagnall, esq; and his two daughters, in the counties of Dublin and Meath in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, to be sold for payment of the debts charged thereupon, and raising portions for the said daughters.

22. An act to enable John Howe, of Stowell, in the county of Gloucester, esq; to sell the manor or lordship of Ellerton, alias Ellerton upon Swale, and all other his lands and hereditaments in the county of York, comprized in his marriage settlement, he having settled other lands and hereditaments in the county of Gloucester, of greater value, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

23. An act to enable Hugh, viscount Falmouth, and Richard Edgcombe, esq; to take in Great Britain, the oath of office as vice-treasurer, and receiver general, and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

24. An act to enable George Dodington, esq; to take in Great Britain the oaths of office, as writer of the tallies and counter-tallies, and clerk of the pells in the receipt of the exchequer in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the enjoyment of the said offices.

25. An act to naturalize John Wern.

26. An act to naturalize John Van Rixtell and Ludolff Schaart.

