Private Acts passed in 1724-5, 11 George 1 c.1 - c.43.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Younge, esq; with Mary Heathcote, and to enable him to many again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

2. An act to enable William Ball, esq; and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Basil.

3. An act to enable Thomas Leigh, alias Pennington, esq; and his issue male, to change their sir-name to Leigh, according to the settlement of Peter Leigh, esq; deceased.

4. An act to naturalize John Tolet, John Herman Zur Horst, and others.

5. An act to inclose the common and tract of land called Crofton-Finney, in the county of Lancaster.

6. An act to enable John, lord Saint John, to settle a jointure on such woman as he shall marry, and to make provision for the daughters and younger children of such marriage, out of the estate devised to him by the will of William, lord Saint John, deceased.

7. An act to enable sir William Monson bart. and George Monson esq; and the survivor of them, together with John Monson esq; to convey and settle several manors and lands in the counties of Lincoln, Hertford and Nottingham.

8. An act to confirm and establish articles of agreement between Archibald Hamilton esq; (commonly call'd lord Archibald Hamilton) of the one part, and George Parker esq; (commonly called lord Parker) and other trustees for a charity therein mentioned, of the other part, for exchanging certain lands in the county of Berks, belonging to the said charity, for other lands of a greater value.

9. An act for vesting part of the estate of Richard Fleetwood, late of Rossel in the county of Lancaster, esq; deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts and legacies.

10. An act for sale of part of the estate of Thomas Puleston esq; for discharging debts and incumbrances affecting the same.

11. An act for vesting in trustees the manors of Hasilton and Turkdean, in the county of Gloucester, late the estate of sir William Banestre knt. deceased, to be sold for payment of his debts, and for making provision for his daughters and coheirs, pursuant to their several marriage articles, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

12. An act to enable Stephen Hales, clerk, and Henry Carington, gent, to sell their undivided moieties of the freehold, leasehold, and copy-hold estates at Much Hadham, in the county of Hertford, late the estate of William Newce esq; deceased.

13. An act for naturalizing Paul Broulhet.

14. An act to naturalize Jacob Wolfe, and others.

15. An act for explaining a power contained in the settlement of the duchess of Bolton's estate on her marriage with the present duke, and making the same more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

16. An act for vesting the manor and lands of and in Brignall in the county of York, late the estate and inheritance of Richard, earl Rivers, deceased, in trustees, to be sold towards discharging the incumbrances affecting his estate in the county of Chester.

17. An act to enable Arthur, lord viscount Irwyn, to raise money by mortgage or sale of certain estates in the counties of York, Lincoln, Oxon, and city of London, for payment of debts, legacies and portions charged thereupon; and to settle the estates therein mentioned on Henry Ingram esq; his next brother, and his heirs.

18. An act to enable the lords of of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Edmund Ashby, for his part of a debt due to the crown, on account of his having been surety for Benjamin Blundell, late receiver general of the land-tax and duties on houses for the county of Leicester.

19. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for vesting the estates of sir Gervas Clifton, bart. in trustees; and to enable him to take an estate for life by way of purchase in settlements intended to be made of his estates, on the marriage of Robert Clifton esq; his son and heir apparent.

20. An act for vesting part of the estate of sir Edward Blacket bart. in trustees, to be sold for raising eight thousand pounds charged thereupon by his late brother's marriage settlement.

21. An act for enabling Elizabeth Rushout, lady of the manor of Overswell, in the county of Gloucester, to inclose all and every the lands lying within the said manor or parish of Overswell in pursuance of several agreements therein mentioned to have been made between the said Elizabeth Rushout, and the rector of the parish aforesaid; and between the said Elizabeth and the churchwarden and parishioners of the said parish, and to establish the said agreements.

22. An act to enable James Bateman esq; to sell the manor of Tooting Graveney, and all other his estate in the county of Surrey, and with the monies arising the reby, to purchase the manors of Well and Alford, and other lands in the county of Lincoln, to be settled to the same uses as the said estate in Surrey stand settled.

23. An act for discharging certain lands at Eccleshall, in the county of Stafford, from the uses and limitations contained in the marriage-settlement of Thomas Boothly Skrymsher esq; and for settling other lands in the same county, of greater value, to the same uses.

24. An act for sale of the moiety of a farm, called Stony Grainge Farm, in the isle of Ely, to Jabez Collier, gent. and for applying the money arising the reby in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the same uses.

25. An act for sale of an estate late of Henry Hawkins, citizen of London, deceased, for the benefit of his widow and children, and other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An act for enabling John Philips esq; and his issue, to take and use the surname of Goodwin.

27. An act to enable Simon Thorogood, gent. to change his surname of Thorogood to that of Lord.

28. An act to naturalize Mary Marie De la Croze.

29. An act for settling the estates of the most noble Wriothesly duke of Bedford, on his marriage with the right honourable the lady Anne Egerton, daughter of the most noble Scroop, duke of Bridgewater.

30. An act to enable Edmund, duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, to make leases (with the consent of his guardian and trustees) of the manors, lands and estate therein mentioned.

31. An act for vesting the estates of the most noble Henry, duke of Kent, in the counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Gloucester, in the said duke and his heirs; and for settling his other estates in the counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bedford, Hertford, Northampton, and Leicester, in lieu thereof.

32. An act to inclose divers parcels of waste grounds, lying and being in Westhaughton in the county palatine of Lancaster.

33. An act for vesting in trustees several lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the counties of York and Derby, for the maintenance of the poor persons in the hospital of Gilbert, earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield in the said county of York; and for enlarging the buildings of the said hospital, and adding more poor persons to those already established therein.

34. An act for vesting in trustees certain manors, lands, and tenements in the county of Cornwall, late the estate of sir Jonathan Trelawny, bart. (late lord bishop of Winchester) deceased, to be sold for discharging certain mortgages by him made thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for vesting part of the estate of Ralph Widdrington esq; in trustees, to be sold for payment of the debts of the said Ralph Widdrington.

36. An act to enable certain trustees therein named to make a conveyance of lands in Thringston, in the county of Leicester, in pursuance of articles of agreement entred into for that purpose.

37. An act for confirming and rendring effectual an agreement made between Anne Hester, widow, William Hester, and Anne Hester the younger; and for vesting in trustees certain messuages and tenements in the parish of St. Olave in Southwark, in the county of Surrey, to enable them to convey the same, pursuant to articles of agreement made for sale thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act for sale of the manors of Middle Ditchford, alias Freeman's Ditchford, Guy's Ditchford, alias Over Ditchford, and other lands therein mentioned, in the county of Worcester, for payment of the debts of Gilbert Sheldon esq; deceased; and for making provision for his widow, his children and grandchildren; and other purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act to enable James Wilkinson, and trustees, to make leases for one, two or three lives, or for years determinable on one, two or three lives, or a certain number of years, of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Ireland, comprized in his marriage settlement.

40. An act for enabling Henry Saint John, late viscount Bolingbrooke, and the heirs male of his body, notwithstanding his attainder, to take and enjoy several manors, lands and hereditaments in the counties of Wilts, Surrey and Middlesex, according to such estates and interests as to him or them are limited thereof by the quinquepartite indenture, and other assurances therein mentioned; and for limiting the same in default of issue male of the body of the said late viscount Bolingbrooke, to the other sons of Henry viscount Saint John, successively in tail male; and for other purposes therein expressed.

41. An act to dissolve the marriage of Francis Annesley the younger, esq; with Elizabeth Sutton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act to vest the real estate of dame Elizabeth Holford, widow, deceased, in the parish of St. Olaves Hartstreet, London, in Christopher Appleby, gent. and his heirs, for the better enabling him to sell the same towards the discharge of the charitable and other legacies given by her will.

43. An act for naturalizing Roger Harent, and Matthew de Neusville.

