Private Acts passed in 1725, 12 George 1 c.1 - c.31.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act for the better enabling the trustees of John, lord Ashburnham, to sell Brockborough and Beckerings parks in the county of Bedford.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing, or holding in severalty the common field within the parish of Compton Basset, in the county of Wilts.

3. An act for inclosing several common fields in the parish of Bubnel, alias Bobenhull, in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for dischasing and disfranchising the chase of Alrewas Hay, in the county of Stafford; and for the impowering John Turton esq; owner thereof, to inclose a part of such chase, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

5. An act for confirming several awards made for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds within the manors of Frangsosse cum Spittle, and Scagglethorpe, in the county of York.

6. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands, called Bowood Park, in the county of Wilts, to trustees, upon trust for sir Orlando Bridgman, barr. and his heirs, upon a full consideration to be paid for the same.

7. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the site of the dissolved monastory of Furneis, in trust for sir Thomas Lowther, bart. and his heirs, upon paying the value thereof into the exchequer.

8. An act for ascertaining several messuages and lands in the county of Gloucester, purchased by sir Greville Verney, and for the effectual partition of the manor of Tudrington and Itchington, in the said county.

9. An act to rectify a mistake in the settlement made on the marriage of the honourable George Carpenter esq; with Elizabeth, his now wife.

10. An act to enable Charles Lowndes gent. and the persons in remainder after him, to make contracts for getting brick earth in, and grant building leases of the house and ground called Spring-Garden, and other the ground called Great Spittlefield and Little Spittlefield, in the parishes of St. Martin in the Fields and Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, late the estate of William Lowndes esq, deceased.

11. An act to enable the lords of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time, to compound with Thomas Boynton and Robert Shaw, late of London, merchants and copartners, for a debt due from them to the crown, on account of bonds given for duties on tobacco.

12. An act for discharging certain lands in the county of Wilts, from the uses and estates limited thereof in the settlement made by Zachary Bayly, gentleman, after his marriage with Mercy his wife, and for settling other lands of greater yearly value in the counties of Somerset and Wilts, in lieu thereof.

13. An act for vesting in trustees the manors of Hardwick and Haresfield, and other lands in the county of Gloucester, the estate of Thomas Trye esq; to be sold for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for confirming a lease made by Thomas Byde esq; to James Fordham therein mentioned, and to enable him to let leases of any part of his estate, for any number of years not exceeding eighty eight years.

15. An act for sale of the manor of Warkleigh, and other lands and hereditaments in the parishes of Warkleigh, Satterley and Roborough in the county of Devon, the estate of Thomas Jeffery, of the city of Exon, merchant, towards raising provisions for Susanna his wife, and their children; for securing whereof the said manor and lands were, at the time of their marriage, made liable.

16. An act to enable the trustees of Edward Ransford esq; to make leases of certain messuages, houses and plots of ground in and near the city of Dublin.

17. An act for naturalizing John Pontz, John Christopher, Baltbazer Wagner, and others.

18. An act for naturalizing Jean Jaques Coulliette de Valicourt.

19. An act for sale of the site of Cardigan house, lately demolished by fire, situate and being in Great Lincolns-Inn-Fields in the county of Middlesex, for the purposes therein mentioned, and for settling lands of greater value in the county of York, to the same uses.

20. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of James lord Waldegrave in the county of Somerset, and for settling other lands in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for discharging the barton and lands of and in Catch French in the county of Cornwall from the uses and limitations contained in the will of Hugh Fortescue esq; and for settling the barton and demesne of Townhouse, and other lands in the county of Devon, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

22. An act to repeal an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King George, intituled, An act to enable sir James Lumley, baronet, to settle a competent jointure, and for other purposes there-in mentioned; and also to vest the several estates of the said sir James Lumley herein mentioned, in trustees, to be sold for payment of the debts and legacies of sir Martin Lumley, baronet, his late father deceased, and the said sir James Lumley's own debts.

23. An act for making leases of divers lands and grounds in the county of Middlesex, the estate of dame Mary Grosvenor, a lunatick, during her life.

24. An act for sale of part of the estate of sir Festus Burke, baronet, toward discharging the debts and incumbrances affecting the same, and for making a provision for the lady Letitia his wife, eldest daughter of the right honourable John late earl of Clanrickard in the kingdom of Ireland.

25. An act for vesting certain manors and lands in the counties of Oxen and Bucks, in dame Anne Tipping and her heirs, and certain manors and lands in the county of Devon, in dame Mary Tipping end her heirs, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

26. An act for sale of several lands in the county of Suffolk, the estate of the honourable Thomas Sidney esq; and Mary his wife, and for purchasing several lands in the county of Norfolk, of as great or greater value, and settling the said lands in Norfolk to the same uses, as the said lands in Suffolk now stand limited.

27. An act for the sale of several estates of Henry Grey esq; in the county of Southampton, and for settling other estates of equal value in the counties of Berks and Wilts to the same uses.

28. An act for vesting the real and personal estates of Richard Hampden esq; in trustees, for making same provision for his wife and family, and for better securing the debt due from him to the crown.

29. An act for sale of part of the estate of John Burt deceased, in the county of Southampton.

30. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments in the kingdom of Ireland (the estate of Caesar Colclough esq;) in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged for raising money to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for vesting in trustees the estate of Thomas Bennet esq; in the counties of Suffolk, Kent, Middlesex, and the city of London, to sell part thereof for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

