Private Acts passed in 1726, 13 George 1 c.1 - c.36.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Daniel Crespin.

2. An act for naturalizing Louis Sekehaye, George Frederic Handel, and others.

3. An act for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into severalty, the lands in the common fields, common meadows, mowing grounds, pasture and feeding grounds, and all other the lands lying open in the parish of Little Rissington, in the county of Gloucester.

4. An act to enable Thomas Brodnax esq; and the heirs and issue of his body, to take and use the surname of May.

5. An act to enable Charles Nicoll, alias Gounter, esq; and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Nicoll, pursuant to the deed of settlement of William Nicoll, esq; deceased.

6. An act for enabling John Disbrow gent. and his issue, to take and use the surname of Spencer.

7. An act for naturalizing Abraham Lindbergh, and others.

8. An act for naturalizing Louis Aubert Duplessis.

9. An act for naturalizing Lewis Guillemau.

10. An act to enable an exchange to be made between Lionel, duke of Dorset, and the trustees of Henry Smith esq; deceased, of sixteen acres, seventeen perches and an half of land and coppice, lying near Knole Park, in the county of Kent, of the value of eight pounds per annum, for a rent-charge of ten pounds a year, part of a fee-farm rent of forty pounds per annum, issuing out of the manor of Heddington, within the hundred of Bullingdon, in the county of Oxford.

11. An act to vest the several rectories, parsonages, churches and chapels of Breamore, South-Charford, Hale, Rockbourn, Whitsbury and Quidesty, with the glebe land and appurtenances thereunto belonging, in new trustees, to put in execution certain trusts and powers contained in an indenture dated the fifteenth day of May 1683.

12. An act for appointing of to make a division of certain common fields and wastes in the townships of Scarcliffe and Palterton, in Derbyshire, among the proprietors, in order to inclose the same.

13. An act for inclosing the common fields in Hucklecott, in the parish of Church-Downe, in the county of Gloucester.

14. An act to vest the manors of Great Hallingbury and Little Hallingbury, Wallbury and Monkbury, and the forest or chase in the parish of Hatfield, in the county of Essex; and also the manor or lordship of Bluntshall, in the county of Suffolk; and the manor or lordship of Winterton, in the county of Norfolk, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of the debts, to which the same are subject by virtue of the will of sir Edward Turnour knt. deceased; and for laying out the surplus of the money (if any) arising by such sale in the purchase of lands, to be settled to the uses mentioned in the will of the said sir Edward Turnour.

15. An act for vesting part of the estate of Moyle Breton esq; in trustees, to be sold for raising three thousand pounds charged on other part of the same estate, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for sale of certain houses and lands in the town and liberties of Bridgenorth, in the county of Salop, contained in the marriage-settlement of John Yate gent. and for the purchasing and settling other lands of as great yearly value to the same uses.

17. An act for exchanging the tithes and glebe-lands of and belonging to the rectory of the church of Addington, in the county of Bucks, for other lands in Addington aforesaid, to be settled on the rector of the said church and his successors, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for vesting the real estate late of Elihu Yale esq; deceased, in the county of Denby, in trustees, to be sold, and applying one third part of the monies arising by sale thereof, according to the will of Ursula Yale, his daughter, deceased, and the other two thirds for the benefit of his two other coheirs.

19. An act for repealing a power of revocation in the settlement made on the marriage of Francis Goulston esq. and for establishing and vesting a new power instead thereof.

20. An act for confirming a conveyance of the manor of the rectory of Great Stoughton, in the county of Huntingdon, unto sir Baldwin Conyers bart. in exchange for an annuity granted by him to the vicar of Great Stoughton aforesaid, and his successors.

21. An act for vesting certain copyhold and other lands in John Amphlett esq; in lieu of the freehold lands agreed to be purchased and settled on him by the marriage articles of Joseph Amphlett esq; his late father, with Anne his wife, both deceased; and for making provision for the younger children of that marriage.

22. An act for sale of two undivided third parts of the manor of Weeton and other lands in Holderness, part of the settled estate of Thomas Rand; and for applying the money arising by such sale in the purchase of an entire estate to be settled to the same uses.

23. An act for vesting the real and personal estate of William Norton, esq; deceased, in trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for the sale of the manor of Aldbury, in the parish of Mestham, and the manor of Chaldon, and other lands in the county of Surrey, part of the estate of John Southcott, esq; for the purposes therein mentioned; and for settling the capital messuage of Witham Place, and other lands in the county of Essex, of the same value, part of the estate of sir Edward Southcott knt. father of the said John Southcott, to the like uses.

25. An act for settling certain lands and tenements of Edward Sainthill, the elder, esq; therein mentioned, pursuant to an agreement made on the marriage of Edward Sainthill his son, with Frances, the daughter of sir Walter Younge bart.

26. An act for sale of part of the estate of John Wall, for payment of debts, and for settling other part of his estate for the education and maintenance of his only son.

27. An act for vesting several sums of money in the archbishop of Canterbury, and the bishop of Ely, given for the augmentation of the maintenance of poor vicars within the dioceses of Canterbury and Ely; and to impower them to lay out the same in the purchase of lands to be vested in other trustees for the same purposes.

28. An act for sale of part of the estate of Valentine Brown esq; commonly called lord Kenmare, in the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of debts and incumbrances affecting the same.

29. An act to enable Thomas, now lord Southwell, and his trustees, to raise money, by making leases for lives, renewable for ever, and fee-farms, and by sale or mortgage of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Limerick, in the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of debts and legacies, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for vesting certain manors, lands, and hereditaments in the kingdom of Ireland, the estate of sir Redmond Everard bart. in trustees, to be sold for raising money to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes.

31. An act to enable Mary O'Gara, widow, to sue for her jointure lands.

32. An act for vesting in trustees a messuage and garden in the parish of St. Katharine Coleman London, the estate of Robert Thornton, and Hannah his wife, to be sold, on settling an estate of a greater value to the same uses.

33. An act for confirming a sale made by Anthony Palmer, to Lewis Buckle, esq; of certain copyhold lands and hereditaments, parcel of the manor of East Moon, in the county of Southampton, and for settling other copyhold lands and hereditaments, part of the same manor, of as great or greater value, to the same uses as the said lands so sold now stand limited.

34. An act for sale of part of the estate of William Kinaston, esq; and for settling other part thereof to the uses therein mentioned.

35. An act to enable Daniel Dunne, esq; by sale or mortgage of part of his estate, to raise money to pay off and discharge the portions of his brothers and sister, and a mortgage of one thousand eight hundred seventy seven pounds affecting the same.

36. An act for vesting several quantities and parcels of South-Sea stock, and South-Sea annuities, in trustees, for payment of the debts of Charles Lowndes, gent, and for the benefit and relief of him, and Rebecca his wife.

