Private Acts passed in 1728, 1 George 2 c.1 - c.31.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act to enable Robert Ellison esq; and the heirs and issue of his body, to take and use the surname of Carre, according to the will of his uncle Francis Carre, esq; deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing Abraham Wesselow.

3. An act for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, Phillipe Dumoustier, and others.

4. An act to settle a jointure on Susanna countess of Shaftsbury, wife of Anthony earl of Shaftsbury, in lieu and bar of her dower or thirds at the common law.

5. An act to enable the guardians of the lord George Bentinke, second son of Henry late duke of Portland, to make leases of certain houses, grounds, and tenements in Soho, during the minority of the said lord George, for making provision for his maintenance, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for confirming the partitions of the estates late of sir William Davie baronet, deceased, among his co-heirs, and for settling their shares thereof in severalty to the same uses to which their several undivided parts thereof stood limited before the partition.

7. An act for vesting the estate of William Bromley esq; and Mary his wife, lying at Sundon in the county of Bedford, in trustees, to be sold pursuant to an agreement in their marriage-settlement.

8. An act to enable Christopher Crewe of Woodford-Hall, in the county of Essex, esq; to sell or otherwise dispose of the mansion-house called Woodford-Hall, and all other his lands and hereditaments at Woodford, comprised in his settlement thereof, he having settled other lands and hereditaments in the county of York, of greater value, to the same uses in lieu thereof.

9. An act to enable the guardians of Anna Elizabetha Bealing, an infant about four years old, appointed by this act, to grant building leases of her fourth part and share of and in certain messuages, grounds, and hereditaments, in or near the parish of St. Andrew Holbourn, in the county of Middlesex.

10. An act for vesting the manors of Shirfield, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Southampton, the estate of Granville Weler esq; in trustees, discharged of the uses in a former settlement, he having settled an estate in the county of Kent to the same uses in lieu thereof.

11. An act to enable Thomas Brown, gent, to grant building leases of his estate in the town of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster.

12. An act for appointing of to make a division of certain common fields, lands, and wastes in the parish of Cherrington, in the county of Gloucester, among the proprietors, in order to inclose the same.

13. An act for naturalizing John Laneve.

14. An act for enabling Charles duke of Grafton, lord of the man or of Grafton, in the county of Northampton, to inclose the common and waste grounds within the said manor in pursuance of several agreements between the said duke, and the rector and churchwarden of the parish of Grafton Regis, and to establish the said agreement.

15. An act for vesting in trustees divers lands in the several counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford and York, the estate of David earl of Buchan, for the purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with George Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Atwood and John Burton, late commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, for a debt they stand charged with to the crown.

17. An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, merchant, and his sureties, for a debt due to the crown for customs on tobacco and wines.

18. An act for vesting the estate of sir Halfwell Tynte, bart. and dame Mary his wife (in right of dame Mary) in trustees, to be settled to the uses in their marriage articles.

19. An act for vesting the estate late of sir John Wittewrone, bart. deceased, in the County of Bucks, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarah duchess dowager of Marlborough the purchaser thereof, under a decree of the high court of chancery.

20. An act for impowering the honourable Charles Howard esq; to raise money by sale or mortgage the manors of Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other manors and lands therein mentioned, for payment of the debts of Charles William late earl of Suffolk and Bindon, deceased.

21. An act for making more effectual a deed of appointment executed by Frederick Tylney, esq; late deceased, with respect to twenty thousand pounds, and for settling the same for the purposes herein mentioned.

22. An act for vesting the real estates of William Scourfield the elder, esq; Katharine his wife, William Scourfield the younger, esq; and Anne his wife, in the counties of Pembrooke and Brecon, in trustees, to certain uses therein mentioned.

23. An act for relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent.

24. An act for discharging an incumbrance on the lands of Donoghmore, part of the bishoprick of Cloyne in Ireland.

25. An act for vesting part of the glebe lands belonging to the rectory of Oyerstone in the county of Northampton, in Henry Stratford esq; and his heirs, to enable the making of inclosures, and for other purposes herein mentioned.

26. An act for confirming the inclosure and division of the common fields, and common grounds within the manors and parishes of Overton, Longville and Botolph's Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon.

27. An act for sale of part of the estate of Francis Sheldon esq; a lunatick, for discharging the debts and incumbrances affecting the same.

28. An act for vesting an undivided fifth part of a lease-hold estate in Crondall, in the county of Southampton, in trustees, to be sold, and with the money arising by the sale thereof, to purchase one or more estate or estates in possession, to be settled to the same uses.

29. An act to enable James Fox esq; and others, to make leases of the estate in the county of Surrey, devised to him by Frances late viscountess Lanesborough; and for sale of Bridge House farm, part of the said estate, and in vesting the money in the purchase of other lands in the same county, to be settled to the like uses, and for other purposes herein mentioned.

30. An act for sale of part of the estate of John Nicholls esq; deceased, in the county of Cornwall, for payment of his debts and legacies, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for naturalizing James Delorme.

