Private Acts passed in 1729, 2 George 2 c.1 - c.32.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherson.

2. An act for exemplifying the several wills and codicils of James late earl of Anglesey, and John late earl of Anglesey, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

3. An act to enable Thomas Scawen esq; and others, to make leases of several manors and lands in Cornwall, according to the custom of that county, and of the several manors in which the same do lie.

4. An act for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, Stephen Teiffier, Godfrey Schreve, and others.

5. An act for naturalizing John Jacob Dillenius, Bridget Poliard, and John Elout.

6. An act for naturalizing James Passano.

7. An act for sale of two undivided fourth parts of the manor and lands of and in Steane, in the county of Northampton, the inheritance of the right honourable the lady Mary Grey and Jemima Campbell, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of an entire estate to be settled to the same uses.

8. An act for settling the estates of John earl of Grandison in the kingdom of Ireland, and James Fitzgerald Villiers esq; commonly called lord Villiers, his son and heir-apparent, pursuant to an agreement made before, and in consideration of, the marriage of the said lord Villiers with Jane his wife.

9. An act for selling part of the settled estate (lying in the county of Lancaster) of Richard lord viscount Molyneux in the kingdom of Ireland, for raising money to discharge his father's incumbrances thereon, and likewise for making provision for his brothers and sisters, and for the payment of his own debts, and for settling other lands as an equivalent for the same.

10. An act to enable Henry Chaytor gent. to limit a jointure to a wife, and to let leases for twenty one years of his estate at Croft in the county of York.

11. An act to enable Robert Cotesworth esq; to sell part of an estate held by lease of the bishop of Durham, for discharge of his debts.

12. An act for the more effectual putting in execution an act of parliament made and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the sale of several estates of Henry Grey esq; in the county of Southampton, and for settling other estates of equal value in the counties of Berks and Wilts to the same uses.

13. An act to vest several messuages, lands and tenements, in the parish of Stoke Canon, in the county of Devon, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of the debts Bamfyld Rodd esq; deceased.

14. An act for vesting in Thomas Lamplugh clerk, and his heirs, the rectory of Felkirk in the county of York, being leasehold for three lives, comprised in his marriage settlement; and for settling other fee simple lands and tenements in Potto, in the same county, of better value, in lieu thereof.

15. An act for vesting in trustees the several manors and lands therein mentioned, the estate of Henry Perrot, esq; in trust for him and his heirs, free from the charges of his marriage settlement, on his settling other estates of greater value to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

16. An act for sale of part of the estate of Walter Radcliffe esq; in the counties of Devon and Somerset, and for settling other lands of equal value, in the said county of Devon, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

17. An act for vesting all the lands and hereditaments in the county of Tipperary in the kingdom of Ireland, late the estate of Godfrey Boate esq; (late one of the justices of his Majesty's court of king's bench, in that kingdom) deceased, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of the debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for other purposes.

18. An act for sale of the estate of William Carter esq; in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and to settle other manors and lands in the county of Lincoln, of greater value, to the same uses.

19. An act for inclosing part of a common called Barnet Common, belonging to the manor of Chipping Barnet, in the county of Hertford, and for vesting a certain annual relit charge in trustees, for the benefit of the poor of the parish of Chipping Barnet for ever.

20. An act for vesting the advowson of the vicarage of Brasserton, in the county of York, in his Majesty, in exchange for the advowson of the vicarage of Bishopthorp, in the same county, thereby vested in the arch-bishop of York.

21. An act to enable William Greyham, son of John Greyham, late alderman of Drogheda, in the kingdom of Ireland, to make leases of several parts of his estate in the counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the county of the town of Drogheda, for the better improvement thereof.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the common called Elsdon Common, in the parish of Elsdon, in the county of Northumberland.

23. An act for exemplifying the last will of Edmund Warneford esq; and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

24. An act to enable Kinard de la Bere esq; committee of the estate of Thomas Ridler esq; a lunatick, to sell and dispose of part of the personal estate of the said lunatick, for the payment of his debts.

25. An act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne commons, belonging to the parish of Hadleigh in the county of Suffolk, for the better maintenance of the poor of the said parish.

26. An act to enable James Moore, and his issue male, to take the surname of Smythe, according to the will of William Smythe esq; deceased, and for vesting in trustees, two thousand three hundred and sixteen pounds, sixteen shillings and ten pence, South-Sea annuities, part of the estate of the said William Smythe, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for confirming the inclosure and division of the common fields and common grounds within the parish of Thurnscoe in the county of York.

28. An act for confirming exchanges, allotments, divisions and inclosures of lands in the parish of Wick-Rissington in the county of Gloucester; and for establishing the payment of a yearly sum to the rector, and his successors, in lieu of tythes, pursuant to agreements between Vincent Oakley esq; deceased; and the other proprietors of the said lands.

29. An act to enable Humfrey Wyrley Birch esq; and his heirs, and issue male, to take and use the surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the deed of settlement made on the marriage of Peter Birch doctor in divinity, with the daughter of Humfrey Wyrley esq; deceased.

30. An act to enable Arthur Geoghegan, alias Stafferd, esq; to take upon him the surname of Stafford only.

31. An act to disolve the marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for naturalizing John Jullian and Isaac Panchaud.

