Private Acts passed in 1730, 3 George 2 c.1 - c.21.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Paul Terras, and others.

2. An act for naturalizing Herman Broyel.

3. An act to inclose divers commons and parcels of waste grounds, lying and being in the township of Claughton, in the parish of Garstang, and county palatine of Lancaster.

4. An act for inclosing several common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Lillington in the county of Warwick.

5. An act to confirm an agreement for inclosing the common fields, downs, waste and uninclosed lands, part of the manor of Mixbury, in the county of Oxon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for inclosing part of the waste or common called East Wellow Common, belonging to the manor and tithing of East Wellow, in the county of Southampton, and for vesting a certain annual relit charge in trustees, for the benefit of the poor of the tithing of East Wellow aforesaid for ever.

7. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the parish of Horninghold, in the county of Leicester.

8. An act for vesting the manor of Okeley, and other lands in the county of Bucks, in trust for Charles lord Cadogan, and his heirs, and for settling other lands of equal value in the counties of Oxon and Berks, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

9. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, and others.

10. An act for obliging Henry duke of Beaufort, and Frances duchess of Beaufort, and her children, to take the additional surname, and bear the arms of Scudamore, pursuant to a settlement made by James late lord Scudamore in the kingdom of Ireland; and for vesting in the said duke, in fee, the manors of Wick-hall and Ditton Camois, and lands in the county of Cambridge, late the estate of the said lord Scudamore, in lieu of the portion provided by him for his daughter the said duchess; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act for vesting the manor of Claxby, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln, the estate of the honourable James Cavendish esq; in trustees, to be sold for discharging 4,200l. secured upon those, and other lands.

12. An act for vesting the estate of Richard late earl of Ranelagh, in the kingdom of Ireland, lying in the counties of Middlesex and Berks, in trustees, to be sold for the uses therein mentioned.

13. An act for inclosing several Common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the hamlet of Welsbourne Mountfort, in the parish of Welsbourne Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

14. An act for the sale of the manor of Hickling, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Nottingham, late the estate of Margaret duchess dowager of Newcastle, and intailed by her will; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the same uses.

15. An act for enlarging the power of Sir Charles Mordaunt bart. to make a jointure.

16. An act for vesting the estate of Sir James Lumley bart. in trustees, for raising monies by sale or mortgage thereof, for the payment of his debts.

17. An act to enable trustees to make leases of the estate late of Sir William Dodwell knt. deceased, during the infancy of Mary Dodwell his only child, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for repealing part of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for vesting part of the estate of Moyle Breton esq; in trustees, to be sold for the raising 3, 000l. charged on the other part of the same estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for appointing other lands to be sold, than by the said act are directed.

19. An act for confirming a conveyance and surrenders of certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments, by Roger Satisfatt, and Jemima Satisfatt, both infants, unto Edward lord bishop of Coventry and Lichfield.

20. An act for restraining Thomas Jervoise junior, esq; a lunatick, from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumbring, his estate, during his lunacy, and for raising portions for his sister's children, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for relief of dame Elizabeth Dudley, relating to an estate in the kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the crown, during the life of William Kennedy her great uncle.

