Private Acts passed in 1731, 4 George 2 c.1 - c.33.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act to enable Edward Southwell esq; to take the oaths in this kingdom, and to qualify himself for the legal enjoyment of the offices of principal secretary of state, and keeper of the signet and privy seal of the kingdom of Ireland.

2. An act to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufville and others.

3. An act for inclosing the common fields, and uninclosed lands, lying within the manor and parish of Bishops Tachbrooke in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for enabling Richard Claridge gent, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Turner.

5. An act to naturalize Hieronymus de Salis esq;

6. An act for naturalizing Catharina Godolphin, wife of the honourable William Godolphin esq; commonly called marquis of Blandford.

7. An act to naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, wife of Charles de la Fontaine of London, merchant.

8. An act for vesting several manors, lands, and hereditaments therein mentioned, in James duke of Chandos, and his heirs, in pursuance of certain articles of agreement made on the marriage of his son Henry Brydges esq; commonly called marquis of Carnarvon.

9. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the manor of Nuneaton and Attleborough in the county of Warwick.

10. An act for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and common waste grounds, within the manor of Prestbury in the county of Gloucester.

11. An act to enable John Shafto esq; to make a suitable settlement upon any woman he shall marry, and provision for younger children.

12. An act for the sale of the estate late of Mary Clayton deceased, in the county of Bucks (intailed by her will) for payment of her debts and legacies charged thereon, and for laying out the overplus of the monies, arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the like uses.

13. An act for naturalizing Isaac Lacam, Peter Korten and others.

14. An act for sale of an estate of Charles duke of Grafton in the county of Surrey, and to settle other lands in lieu thereof.

15. An act for enabling the sale of several lands and hereditaments of Thomas Taylor and Maurice Shelton esquires, in the county of Suffolk, and for settling other lands of as great yearly value to the same uses.

16. An act for making divisions, inclosures, and allotments of the open cornfields and pastures in the lordship of Catwick, in the county of York, and for settling and establishing the payment of a yearly sum to the rector of Catwick aforesaid, and his successors, in lieu of tythes, pursuant to agreement between the present rector and proprietors of the said lands.

17. An act for exchanging the parsonage house and glebe lands in Biscathorpe in the county of Lincoln, for other lands belonging to the lord of the manor, and for giving a recompence to the rector in lieu of his tythes, to enable the lord of the manor to inclose the common fields.

18. An act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields and common grounds in the parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter in the county of Gloucester.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing divers parcels of commons and waste grounds lying within the manor of West Broughton in the parish of Dovebridge in the county of Derby.

20. An act for vesting certain estates of Sir Hungerford Hoskins baronet, in trustees, to be sold for the raising and paying his brothers and sisters portions, now remaining a charge upon his estate, together with the debts and incumbrances of his father Sir John Hoskins, affecting the same.

21. An act for making and rendring effectual an exchange of estates therein mentioned in the county of York, between Lancelot lord arch-bishop of York, and John Aislabie, esq;

22. An act to enable Frances Arundell and George Henry earl of Litchfield, guardian of Mary Arundell (an infant) during the minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up leases of the estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell in the counties of Cornwall and Dorset.

23. An act for exemplifying the will of Henry late lord Herbert, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

24. An act for exemplifying the will of Nicholas Banenall esq; and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and dominion of Wales.

25. An act for confirming an agreement for exchanging of lands made between Edmund Halsey esq; deceased, and the patron and vicar of Stoke Poges in the county of Bucks.

26. An act for selling part of the estate of Thomas Player esq; for discharging the debts, legacies, and incumbrances therein mentioned.

27. An act for the sale of the estates of Edward Standen esq; deceased, at Arborfield and elsewhere, for discharging the debts of the said Edward Standen, and other purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act for vesting in trustees the estate of Lucy Bowry widow, and John Bowry her son, situate in the parishes of Edmunton and Tottenham in the county of Middlesex, for the sale thereof, to discharge the several incumbrances thereupon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for selling part of the estate of Robert Westby esq; in the county of Lancaster, for raising money to discharge several debts and incumbrances of his father and brother, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act to enable Reymundo Putt esq; to make and fill up leases of the estate late of Sir Thomas Putt baronet, deceased, in the counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset.

31. An act for vesting in John Inglis (executor of George Heriot clerk, deceased) certain lands in the county of Southampton, mortgaged in fee by Charles Bulkley esq; to the testator, in trust for the purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for enabling Godfrey Kneller Huckle gent. and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Kneller.

33. An act for naturalizing Ernst Bardewieck.

