Private Acts passed in 1732, 5 George 2 c.1 - c.35.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act to naturalize Leonard Lockman esq;

2. An act to naturalize Agnes Coussmaker.

3. An act to naturalize Thomas Malan, and Joseph Malan, and others.

4. An act for vesting several manors and hereditaments, the estate of Montague earl of Abingdon, in the counties of Wilts, Oxon, Bucks and Berks, in trustees to be sold for raising money to discharge debts and incumbrances.

5. An act for sale of the manors of Kemble and Poole, in the county of Wilts, late the estate of Henry Poole esq; deceased, for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into severality, several common fields, common meadows, and waste grounds within the manor and township of Little Kineton in the county of Warwick.

7. An act for advancing and applying four thousand pounds, part of the portion of dame Anne Drake, wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake baronet, and for leasing out certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Devon for lives, according to the custom of the country.

8. An act for vesting the conduits, springs, and waters in Hyde Park, in trustees for the benefit of his Majesty.

9. An act for the exchange of the right of presentation to the rectory of Wimborne Allhallows, and vicaridge of Loders in the county of Dorset, and for uniting the rectories and parishes of Wimborne St. Giles, and Wimborne Allhallows.

10. An act for enlarging the churchyard of the parish of Paddington in the county of Middlesex.

11. An act for enabling Richard lord viscount Molesworth and his brothers to make leases for lives, or years determinable upon lives, renewable for ever, or to make grants in fee-farm of a piece of ground in the city of Dublin.

12. An act for sale of certain manors, woods, wood-lands, and other lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Bucks, Hertford and Bedford, part of the estate of Sir William Stanhope knight of the bath, and for settling other lands in the County of Warwick, of greater yearly value, to the same uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for making effectual an agreement between Sir Ralph Hare and his brothers, for raising money upon part of his intailed estate, and for settling other lands not intailed, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

14. An act to impower Sir Robert Furnese baronet, to transfer and pay unto Richard Edgecumbe esq; certain government securities and money therein mentioned, and for settling lands of equal value upon the same trusts.

15. An act for sale of part of the estate of Sir William Gerrard baronet, a lunatick, for payment of his debts and other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for vesting part of the estate of John Lambe esq; in trustees for raising money to discharge several mortgages, and other debts and incumbrances therein mentioned.

17. An act for making leases of the estate late of Thomas Strangeways esq; and Elizabeth, late duchess of Hamilton, his sister (both deceased) and for applying the money arising thereby for the purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for sale of the estate of Thomas Mitchell deceased, lying in the county of Warwick, for payment of the debts charged thereupon, and for making provision for his widow and infant children.

19. An act for raising money out of the estate late of Surtees Swinburne esq; deceased, for compounding and paying the portions charged thereon to his younger sons William and Robert Swinburne, and for paying the debts of Cuthbert Swinburne esq; deceased.

20. An act for sale of the real estate late of Robert Abbot esq; deceased, for discharging his debts and incumbrances, and for making a provision for his widow and only son.

21. An act for rectifying some mistakes in a settlement made by John Congreve esq; and vesting his seat and estate in Stretton in the county of Stafford, in trustees to be sold for better clearing his debts, for which his eldest son stands engaged, and purchasing another estate more suitable to the occasions of his family to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An act for vesting certain lands and estates in the counties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, late the estates of Sir Eusebius Boswell baronet, deceased, in trustees to be sold for the payment of his debts.

23. An act for exchanging of certain lands between Henry Bromley, esq; and the master, fellows, and Scholars of Pembroke Hall in the university of Cambridge.

24. An act to establish and confirm an agreement made between John West esq; on the behalf of his daughters Mary West and Frances West infants, Sir Francis Vyvyan baronet, and Mary Erisey, and to render the same effectual.

25. An act for charging the settled estate of John Francis clerk, with the payment of his father's debts and legacies, and for settling another estate of greater value to the uses of his marriage settlement.

26. An act for vesting two undivided fourth parts of the manor of Greatham, and of other lands and hereditaments in the county of Sussex, the estate of Barbara Mill and Frances Mill spinsters, in trustees, to enable them to join in the sale of the said intire manor, lands, and hereditaments, for raising portions for them and their two sisters.

27. An act for selling part of the estate of Joseph Gace esq; for discharging several debts and incumbrances affecting the same.

28. An act for sale of the estate of Sir William Morice baronet in Padstow, in the county of Cornwall, and for settling another estate of better value to the same uses in lieu thereof.

29. An act to vest in Mary Hall widow, certain copyhold lands in the manors of Bedlington and Chester en le street, in the county of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the trusts mentioned in the will of Anne Hancock widow, deceased.

30. An act for supplying a defect in a conveyance lately made by Charles Lloyd senior, and Sarah his wife, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane his wife; and for the sale of certain lands in the county of Montgomery, for raising three thousand pounds, and six hundred pounds, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for inclosing and dividing a common pasture ground called Momes Leaze, situate and lying in the parish of Puriton, alias Pirton, in the county of Wilts.

32. An act for confirming the exchanges, inclosures, and divisions of the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commons within the parish of Staunton in the county of Wilts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkins, cashier to the late commissionerrs for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, for an arrear he stands charged with to the crown.

34. An act to naturalize Nicholas Haijman.

35. An act to naturalize Joseph Guinand, David Dumouchell and others.

