Private Acts passed in 1733, 6 George 2 c.1 - c.36.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act for inclosing several large common fields within the parishes of Welsbourne Hastings and Newbold Pacy, in the county of Warwick.

2. An act for exemplifying two carriage settlements, made on the marriage of Henry late earl of Thomond, and the present earl of Thomond, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Ireland.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and common meadows, in the parish of Barston in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for discharging divers lands and hereditaments, at Aberton in the county of Worcester, part of the estate of Francis Sheldon esq; a lunatick, from the trusts of a former act of parliament, made for payment of the debts of the said Francis Sheldon, and for vesting another estate of the said lunatick in the county of Gloucester, in trustees for the same purpose.

5. An act to naturalize Justus Gerhard, Paul L'Hospital, William Christian Hamburger, and others.

6. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds, lying in the manor and parish of Chippen Warden in the county of Northampton.

7. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the tithing of Buckland Newton, Mineterne Parva, and Knowle in the parish of Buckland Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the county of Dorset.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the hamlet of Aston Magna in the parish of Brockley in the county of Worcester.

9. An act to enable the lady viscountess Gage, and her trustees, and Thomas Whorwood esq; to purchase lands of inheritance with the money arising by sale of their estate in the county of Bucks.

10. An act for sale of the manors of Kidderminster Borough, and Kidderminster Forren, part of the intailed estate of William lord Abergavenny, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate to be settled to the same uses.

11. An act for vesting divers lands and tithes in Hothorpe in the county of Northampton, the estate late of Griffith Davies deceased, and of Arthur Dogget, in trustees to such uses, as the manor of Hothorpe aforesaid Hands settled, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act to confirm articles of agreement entred into between Archibald Hamilton esq; commonly called lord Archibald Hamilton, and others, and George earl of Macclesfield, and others, trustees of a charity, for vesting in George earl of Orkney, and his heirs, certain lands in the county of Berks, to the several uses; and upon the trusts therein mentioned.

13. An act to enable William Widdrington late lord Widdrington, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto in reversion or remainder, before his attainder.

14. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for vesting the honour and estate of John duke of Atholl in James Murray (commonly called lord James Murray) after the death of the said duke.

15. An act for sale of part of the paternal estate of Waltham Savory esq; comprised in his marriage settlement to discharge the incumbrances on other the more valuable parts of his estate in the same settlement comprised, for the benefit of his issue by Mary his late wife.

16. An act for rendring more useful, and preventing the inconveniencies likely, to arise from a covenant in the marriage settlement made by George Pitt esq; and for making good and effectual the agreements, limitations, and provisions made by the parties for that purpose, contained in an indenture of settlement lately made.

17. An act for sale of part of the estate of Thomas Prestwood esq; in the county of Devon, for discharging an incumbrance affecting the same, and other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act to enable Thomas Warden esq; and the heirs of his body, and the several other persons therein named, and the heirs of their respective bodies, to take and use the surname of Sergison, as therein mentioned.

19. An act for impowering Sir John Tynte baronet, and Charles Tynte esq; and their sons respectively, to make leases of the estates comprised in the late Sir Haswell Tynte's settlement, for lives or years determinable on deaths, according to the custom of the country.

20. An act to enable Thomas Erle Drax esq; an infant, and others, to grant leases of several manors and lands in the county of Wilts, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

21. An act to dissolve the marriage of Sir John Rudd bart, with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for settling the estate of Thomas Bawtry late of Boston in the county of York esq; deceased, in his surname and blood, and making his will more effectual for that purpose.

23. An act for dividing the site of the late dissolved monastery of Bellalanda, alias Byland, and divers messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of York, amongst Thomas Holles duke of Newcastle, Philip Dormer earl of Chesterfield) and Gervase Scrope esq; in the manner therein mentioned.

24. An act for explaining and amending part of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the parish of Hadleigh in the county of Suffolk, for the better maintenance of the poor of the said parish.

25. An act to naturalize Jean Legier Lamotte, and George Godfried Hasenfeller.

26. An act for confirming an exchange agreed to be made between William earl Cowper, and Sir George Oxenden baronet, of certain lands, and hereditaments in the county of Kent.

27. An act to enable Richard Child esq; commonly called lord Castlemain, and the heirs of his body, and such other persons, who by virtue of a settlement made by Frederick Tylney esq; deceased, shall be in the possession of the estates therein limited, to take and use the surname of Tylney.

28. An act to enable the several persons claiming under the will or codicil of Robert late lord Bingley, when they shall be intitled to the estates comprised therein, or directed to be purchased thereby, to make leases for one and twenty years, at the best improved rents, without taking fines.

29. An act for vesting part of the estate of Charles Cholmondeley esq; in the county of Chester, in trustees, to be sold to raise money for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for making certain articles of agreement, entred into by Thomas Asheton esq; in behalf of his son Thomas Asheton, an infant, touching the estate late of Robert Cholmondeley of Holford in the county of Chester, esq; obligatory on the said infant, and vesting the said estate in trustees, to be sold for the purposes therein expressed.

31. An act for enabling Richard Dowdeswell esq; to raise money by sale or mortgage of his estates in the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the portion of his niece Anne Wilde the younger, charged thereon.

32. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Anthony Henley esq; in trustees, to be sold for discharge of the several debts and incumbrances affecting the same; and for making a further separate provision for the lady Elizabeth his wife, during their joint lives.

33. An act for selling part of the settled estate of David Roberts esq; for discharging the debts and incumbrances of himself and his late father; and for settling an equivalent for the same, for the benefit of the several persons claiming under his marriage settlement.

34. An act for vesting in trustees the unsettled estates of William Brandon deceased, to be sold for payment of a debt due from him to the crown; and for applying the residue of the money arising by such sale for the benefit of his family.

35. An act for enabling trustees to make leases of certain messuages, houses and buildings, in Mark-Lane in the city of London, the estate of George Harvest, an infant.

36. An act for restoring Bazil Hamilton in blood.

