Private Acts passed in 1734, 7 George 2 c.1 - c.20.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act to naturalize John Matthew Buttner, John Lewis Kraguelius, and others.

2. An act for confirming the inclosure division, and exchanges of several lands and grounds lying in the common fields of Woollesthorpe near Belvoir castle in the county of Lincoln.

3. An act to enable Robert Dalzett late earl of Carnwathy to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

4. An act to enable Walter Calverley esquire, now called Blackett esquire, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the will of Sir William Blackett baronet, deceased.

5. An act for vesting certain lands and tenements lying contiguous to the citadel of Plymouth, being the estate of William Strode, an infant, in trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the use of his Majesty.

6. An act for supplying an omission in a former act of parliament, to enable Richard earl of Burlington to grant leases of ground behind Burlington house.

7. An act to enable the trustees and executors of the last will and testament of John Vanden Bampde esq; deceased, to lay out part of the said testator's trust estate in the purchase of securities affecting the marquis of Annandale's estate in Scotland, and carrying interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be assigned to the said trustees, to and for the same uses and trusts, as by the said will are declared of and concerning the said trust estate.

8. An act for vesting in Sir Theodore Janssen knight and baronet, and his heirs, the remainder in fee simple, now in the crown, expectant on the determination of certain estates tail, of and in the manor and advowson of Ower Moigne, in the county of Dorset, and several lands and hereditaments to the same manor belonging.

9. An act for enabling Thomas Scawen esquire, and others, to sell an estate in Ireland, settled by Sir William Scawen's will, and settling another estate, purchased by the said Thomas Scawen in England, of greater value, to the same uses.

10. An act for sale of the manor of Hopsford in the county of Warwick, for raising money towards discharging the debts and incumbrances of of Elizabeth late dutchess of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased.

11. An act for discharging a certain piece of ground called The Pesthouse Fields from certain charitable trusts, and for settling another piece of ground of equal extent, and in a more convenient place, upon the same trusts.

12. An act for vesting certain houses in Blechingly in the county of Surrey, late the estate of George Evelyn esq; deceased, in Charles Boone esquire, and for settling another estate of greater value on the daughters and coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in lieu of and exchange for the same.

13. An act for vesting part of the estate, late of George Evelyn esquire, deceased, in the county of Surrey, in trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone esquire, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose.

14. An act for inclosing the common or waste called Lightwood Forest, other wise Cocknage Banks and Blurton Common, in the manor and parish of Trentham in the county of Stafford.

15. An act for confirming and making effectual several articles of agreement made for inclosing and dividing the common fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cleybrooke in the county of Leicester.

16. An act for confirming a conveyance of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Durham, late the estate of John Morland esquire deceased, for payment of his debts and incumbrances.

17. An act for sale of the manor, farm, and lands of Encombe in the county of Dorset, part of the estate of John Culliford esquire deceased, for payment of the debts and incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same.

18. An act to enable Joseph Wyndham esquire and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Ashe, pursuant to the last will and testament of dame Mary Ashe.

19. An act to naturalize Anne Judith Bristowe wife of John Bristowe esquire.

20. An act to naturalize Bartold Bull.

