Private Acts passed in 1735, 8 George 2 c.1 - c.19.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Samuel Engel, John Peter Blaquiere, and others.

2. An act for enabling the two younger sons of John duke of Rutland, by Bridget late dutchess of Rutland, and their respective children, progeny, and issue, to take and use the surname of Sutton, pursuant to the will of Robert lord Lexington deceased, and in such manner as is therein mentioned.

3. An act to enable John Childe esquire, commonly called lord Castlemain, and the heirs of his body, and such other persons, who by virtue of a settlement made by Frederick Tylney esquire, deceased, shall be in possession of the estates therein limited, to take and use the surname of Tylney.

4. An act for exchanging lands between the earl of Peterborough, and the provost and scholars of Queens College in Oxford.

5. An act for sale of the estate of Henry late lord Carleton in the county of Oxon, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate in or near the county of Wilts, to be settled to the like uses.

6. An act to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called lord Polwarth, to sell lands in Essex, settled by his marriage articles, and with the money arising thereby to purchase other lands of like value, to be settled to the same uses.

7. An act to enable Sir Charles Gilmour baronet, to sell part of the lands and baronies of Craigmillar and Nether Libberton for payment of debts, with which the said estate stands charged and incumbered.

8. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Oxon and Kent, the estate of Elizabeth Dyke an infant, in Edward Dyke esquire, and his heirs, in exchange for his undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Somerset and Devon.

9. An act for confirming and establishing a partition of the estate of Henry Appleton, esquire, deceased, made pursuant to a decree of the court of Chancery.

10. An act for the better execution of the last will and testament of Richard Cantillon esquire, deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act for vesting the estate of William Forrester esquire, and Brook Forrester his son and heir apparent, in the county of Salop, in trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an agreement previous to the marriage of the said Brook Forrester with Elizabeth his wife, notwithstanding the minority of the said Brook Forrester.

12. An act for discharging part of the estate of Robert Edger esquire, in the county of Cambridge, from the uses of his marriage settlement, he having settled an estate in the county of Suffolk, of greater value to the same uses.

13. An act for vesting part of the real estate late of James Tregeare, esq; deceased, in Margery his widow and relict, in part of her dower, and for sale of the rest of the said estate for payment of the debts of the said James Tregeare, and for laying out the surplus money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to the use of Honour his daughter and her heirs.

14. An act for inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands in the parish of Hunningham alias Honingham, in the county of Warwick.

15. An act for appointing commissioners to make a division of certain commons and waste lands lying within the manor and parish of Chedleton in the county of Stafford, among the proprietors, in order to inclose the same.

16. An act to enable William Toller, now called William Toller Treffry gentleman, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Treffry only, pursuant to the deed of settlement of John Treffry esquire deceased.

17. An act to explain and amend an act made in the first year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the relief of Hannah MacDonnell, with relation to the forfeited estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal MacDonnell esquire, to sell or incumber the estate therein mentioned.

18. An act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton, Josias Cottin, John Chevalier, and John Treber.

19. An act to naturalize Stephen Matthew Arnold Rosenhagen, and Jane Elizabeth du Bouchet.

