Private Acts passed in 1736, 9 George 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act to enable John Harrison an infant, now called John Newport, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Newport, pursuant to the direction of Henry late earl of Bradford deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing Peter Callifies, Zachary Cahuac, and others.

3. An act to enable Bartholomew Richard Barneby esquire, otherwise Lutley, and the issue of his body, to take upon him and them the surname of Barneby, pursuant to the will of John Barneby esquire, deceased.

4. An act for naturalizing Henry Lys and Frederick Ludovick Metzner.

5. An act for settling the estate of William late earl Cowper deceased, to the uses and for the purposes mentioned in certain articles of agreement, made between William now earl Cowper, and his brother, and the issue of Spencer Cowper esquire, deceased.

6. An act to enable Harry earl of Stamford, and Harry Gray esquire, commonly called lord Gray, son and heir apparent of the said earl, to make a settlement upon the marriage of the said lord Gray, notwithstanding his infancy.

7. An act for impowering the trustees named in the will of Thomas late earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the residue of his personal estate in the purchase of such lands and hereditaments, as in this act are mentioned.

8. An act for discharging the estate purchased by the trustees of Charles Cavendish esquire, commonly called lord Charles Cavendish, from the trusts of his settlement, and for enabling the said trustees to sell and dispose of the same, for the purposes therein mentioned.

9. An act for exchanging of lands between Sir John Astley baronet, and the president and fellows of Queen's College in Cambridge.

10. An act to enable the dean and chapter of Saint Peter's, Westminster, to convey a piece of ground with three houses thereon, at Knightsbridge, to a trustee, for the contributors to Saint George's hospital, and their successors.

11. An act for making effectual articles of agreement, touching the estates late of Roger Nowell the elder, of Read in the county of Lancaster, esquire, and Roger Nowell his aon, lying in the same county and in the county of York, and vesting the said estates in trustees, to be sold for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act for sale of an undivided fourth part of the manor of Plumpton, and certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Sussex, the estate of Elizabeth Shore and her daughters, and for vesting the money arising thereby in trustees for the same uses, to which the said estate now stands settled.

13. An act for vacating the grants and settlements of certain manors, lands, and tenements, made by George Parker esquire, upon the marriage of Francis his son with Jaquete his now wife, and for settling other lands instead thereof.

14. An act for vesting the equity of redemption of all the lands of inheritance and leasehold estates, late of Charles Bentley esquire, deceased, lying in the county of Worcester, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts, and making some provision for Penelope his widow, and Charles and Penelope infants, his son and daughter.

15. An act for vesting the estate of William Gee esquire, in trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an agreement made previous to his marriage with Elizabeth his wife, daughter of Roger Talbot esquire.

16. An act for explaining the will of Joseph Banks esquire, deceased, and for impowering several persons, claiming under the said will, to make jointures and leases, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

17. An act for inclosing and dividing the common field called Alderminster common field, common pastures, and other common grounds, in the parish of Alderminster in the county of Worcester.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the common field and plots of commonable lands, and for stinting the common or heath in the manor of Ixworth within the parish of Ixworth in the county of Suffolk.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste grounds called Stankham and Soldridge commons in the parish of Old Alresford in the county of Southampton.

20. An act to enable Charles Herbert esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the will of John late duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased.

21. An act to enable Reginal Lygon esquire, otherwise Pyndar, and the heirs male of his body, to take upon him and them the surname and arms of Lygon, pursuant to the settlement of William Lygon esquire, deceased.

22. An act to enable William Berkeley esquire, now called William Portman, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Portman only.

23. An act to enable Robert Kendalls esquire, now called Robert Cater, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Cater.

24. An act to enable John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Barrington, pursuant to a settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington baronet, deceased.

25. An act to enable George Allgood esquire, lately called George Smith, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the will of George Allgood gentleman, deceased.

26. An act to enable Robert Phillips esquire, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Lee, pursuant to the will of Robert Lee esquire, deceased.

27. An act to enable John Gilbert esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Cooper, pursuant to the will of John Cooper of Thurgarton, esquire, deceased.

28. An act to enable John Sinclair, eldest son of Henry late lord Sinclair deceased, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

29. An act to enable William Murray to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may have descended or come to him since his late Majesty's most gracious pardon, dated the twentieth day of July, in the seventh year of his reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him.

30. An act for naturalizing Friederich Felthusen.

31. An act for making effectual what has been agreed been Alan lord viscount Midleton in the kingdom of Ireland, and his four nieces; and for the securing the payment of ten thousand pounds agreed to be paid them; and to enable him to make good the agreements in his marriage articles.

32. An act to enable John Freeman esquire, heretofore called John Cooke, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Freeman, pursuant to the will of William Freeman esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Freeman, and others, to make leases of the estates devised by the said will.

33. An act to enable the guardians and trustees of Samuel Pitt an infant to compound with Samuel Pitt merchant, for a sum of money decreed to the said infant by the court of Chancery.

34. An act for sale of part of the estate late of Thomas Vaux, esquire, deceased, for discharging his debts and incumbrances.

35. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the parish of West Stafford cum Froom Bellett in the county of Dorset.

36. An act for vesting in John Sallom gentleman, and his heirs, a reversion in fee of lands and hereditaments therein mentioned, in the county of Lancaster, forfeited by Gabriel Hesketh, attainted of high treason.

37. An act to enable the of of the treasury or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Edward Randolph late of London merchant, and his sureties, a debt due to the crown for customs for tobacco.

38. An act for naturalizing David Purry and John Anthony Merle.

39. An act for naturalizing John Reessen.

