Private Acts passed in 1737, 10 George 2 c.1 - c.30.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act to enable Anthony James esquire, and his heir male, and other persons therein mentioned, to take and use the surname of Keck, pursuant to the will of Anthony Keck gentleman, deceased.

2. An act for naturalising Joseph Pouthon.

3. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Magens, John Timmerman, Theodore Davel, and others.

4. An act for sale of the capital messuage of Gunnersbury, and other lands and hereditaments, late the estate of Sir John Maynard knight, serjeant at law, and for purchasing another estate to be settled to the uses of his will.

5. An act for sale of a certain lifehold estate of Thomas Cook esquire, in the county of Gloucester, and for settling same freehold and copy-hold estates of inheritance of greater value to the same uses in lieu thereof.

6. An act to enable the trustees and testamentary guardians named in the will of Thomas Hesketh, late of Rufford in the county of Lancaster, esquire, deceased, to perform the same, and make leases for lives in his settled estate, for paying his debts during his son's minority, in case of an estate devised by him to be sold.

7. An act for inclosing and dividing certain common pasture grounds called Purton Common and Purton Stoke Common, within the parish of Purton otherwise Puriton, in the county of Wilts.

8. An act for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie baronet, and John Des Bouverie esquire, and their respective issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, sister of the said John, to take and use the surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the desire of Jacob Des Bouverie esquire, and Sir Christopher Des Bouverie deceased.

9. An act to enable John Harvey esquire, now called John Thursby, to take and use the surname and arms of Thursby, in pursuance of the will of William Thursby, esqire, deceased.

10. An act to enable the trustees in the last will of Thomas Kellow gentleman, deceased, to sell the rectory impropriate of Berwick Saint James in the county of Wilts, for the payment of his debts.

11. An act to enable trustees, during the respective minorities of George Talbot esquire, and his younger brothers, to grant leases of the estates of the said infants in the counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts.

12. An act for sale of the manor and capital messuage of Swallowfield, late the estate of Thomas Pitt esquire, deceased, and for purchasing another estate to be settled to the uses of his will.

13. An act for naturalizing Godfrey Wichelhausen, John Francis Noppe, John Stephen Masson, Thomas Barbaud, and John Dillman.

14. An act for sale of part of the estate of Daniel late earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, deceased, for payment of debts and incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act for establishing and confirming a partition of the estates of Sir Robert Furnese baronet, deceased, among his three daughters and coheirs, and for settling their several specifick shares and allotments to such uses as their several undivided third parts thereof stood limited before such partition, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for inrolling of certain indentures of lease and release, executed by Sir William Dudley and dame Elizabeth his wife, and for making the exemplification and attested copies of such indentures, and also of an act of parliament and certain articles of agreement therein referred to, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Ireland.

17. An act for sale of the manor of Kippax in the county of York, part of the settled estate of Sir Reginald Graham baronet, and for settling his estates at Norton and Nunwick in the same county, being of greater value, to the same uses, and for making a partition of the manor of Whitwell between him and his brother Richard Graham esquire.

18. An act to establish an agreement made by the devisees of Sir Samuel Ongley knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hudson knight, for the sale of two messuages on the east side of Bishopsgate street in the city of London, and for the purchase of two messuages on the north side of Threadneedle Street in the said city, with part of the money arising from the said sale, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act for confirming an agreement between the rector of the parish church of Saint Mary Woolnoth and of the united parishes of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary Woolchurch in the city of London, and the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the said city, with the consent of the patron and ordinary, for the grant of a parcel of ground therein mentioned lying in Stocks Market, to the said mayor, commonalty, and citizens, in consideration of a rent of ten pounds a year, payable to the said rector and his successors for ever.

20. An act to enable Peter Legh of Lyme, esquire, to revoke or alter some of the uses and estates limited in a settlement formerly made by him, and to impower certain tenants for life therein, to make jointures and provision for daughters and younger sons in the lifetime of the said Peter Legh the elder, and with his consent.

21. An act to enable Peter Shakerley, and George Shakerley, sons of George Shakerley, to make suitable jointures for their wives, and provision for their daughters and younger sons out of the estates of the said George Shakerley the father, lying in the counties of Chester and Lancaster.

22. An act to enable the guardians of Anthony Langley Swymmer, an infant, to join in making leases of certain mines in the county of Flint, with the other owners thereof, during the minority of the said infant.

23. An act to vest the estates of Frederick Trench esquire, in the counties of West Meath and Meath in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees to raise money for the payment of debts, and after discharging the said debts, to the use of the said Frederick Trench, and his heirs, and for resettling other lands therein mentioned to the uses of his marriage settlement.

24. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of George Cary esquire, lying in the county of Devon, for discharging several debts and incumbrances of his late father and grandfather, and for settling an estate in the county of Middlesex to the uses of his marriage settlement.

25. An act to enable George Seton of Barnes, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

26. An act to enable James Rollo, only son of Robert Rollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

27. An act to enable Jordan Longdale of Cliff in the county of York, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his outlawry, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, and also such real estate as he was intitled unto in reversion or remainder before his said outlawry.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields within the lordship and parish of Stallingborough in the county of Lincoln.

29. An act to enable Edward Mountfort, and his issue male by Mary his now wife, to take and use the surname of Grosvenor.

30. An act for naturalizing Bartholomew Barratty, Bartholomew Gallatin, Francis Perrier, and James Solier.

