Private Acts passed in 1738, 11 George 2 c.1 - c.28.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. AN Act for naturalising Abraham Blydesteyn.

2. An Act for vesting the Manor of Goldborn, Part of the settled Estate of William Duke of Devonshire, in the County of Lancaster, in the said Duke and his Heirs, and for settling the Manor of Blackwall in the County of Derby in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

3. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Essex, Hereford, and Monmouth, and the City of London, entailed by the Will of Elizabeth late Duchess of Bedford, in John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford of greater Value to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

4. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, Part of the settled estate of Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork, in Trustees to he sold for Payment of Debts, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the same Uses.

5. An Act for explaining and amending a certain Trust and Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Lord Viscount Molineux of the Kingdom of Ireland, with Mary Lady Molineux his now Wife, for raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Marriage, and for the better ascertaining and moreeffectually securing the said Portions.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Morice Baronet, with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act to enable Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, an Infant, to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding his Infancy.

8. An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Rector of Stratford Toney in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the Lord of the Manor.

9. An Act to enable Trustees to grant building Leases of certain Messuages in the Parishes of Saint Martins in the Fields, and Saint Clement Danes in the county of Middlesex, late the Estate of Henry May Esquire, deceased.

10. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold estate late of Barnaby Coles Gentleman, deceased, and for vesting his Freehold Estates in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

11. An Act to enable the Guardian of Amy Symes and Catherine Symes, Infants, to join in making Leases of Lands in the Counties of Somerset and Devon with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infants.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between William Studholm Gentleman, and Cuthbert Hodgson Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of Michael Studholm Esquire, deceased.

13. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Encumbrances thereupon.

14. An Act for vesting certain Mills, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Ware and Great Amwell in the County of Hertford (being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plummer Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in his grandfather's Marriage Settlement) in the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, and their Successors, and for securing a perpetual Rene Charge in lieu thereof, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the said Settlement.

15. An Act for enabling John Sowton to make a Lease or Leases of certain Messuages and Tenements, and a Wharf therein mentioned, situate in the Parish of St. Andrew Wardrobe in the City of London.

16. An Act to enable Dorothea Clerk to sell Lands in the County of Dumfries, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to, the same Uses, as the Estate to be sold is settled.

17. An Act to enable John Nairn to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by Reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any Real or Personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

18. An Act to enable William Douglas, eldest lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by Reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any Real or Personal Estate that may have descended or come to him since his late majesty's most gracious Pardon, dated the sixth Day of February in the sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him.

19. An Act for reducing the Stint of the Horse and Beast Pastures and Sheep Commons within the Manor, Town and Parish of Castle Domington in the County of Leicester.

20. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Wastes and uninclosed Grounds within the Manor, Township or Hamlet of Ashenden in the County of Bucks, and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned.

21. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead or Speen Moor in the County of Berks.

22. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Binbroke in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act to enable William Massingherd Esquire, heretofore called William Meux, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Massingherd, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir William Massingherd Baronet, deceased.

24. An Act to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Knight, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Knight deceased,

25. An Act for naturalising John Justin Bruningk, Peter Untzellman, Henry Klencke, and others.

26. An Act for naturalising Philip Rigail.

27. An Act to naturalise Herman Bernard and John Bosquain.

28. An Act to naturalise Frederick Vander Meulen.

