Private Acts passed in 1739, 12 George 2 c.1 - c.35.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17 and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for naturalising Jacob Hoffham Murison, Nathaniel Voogd, Samuel Cley and others.

2. An act for naturalising James Nadal William Rene Morin, and Charles Delon.

3. An act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Richard Berney Esquire deceased, for discharging Encumbrances thereupon.

4. An act for vesting a Message and Lands in Twickenham, late the Estate of the Honourable William Townshend Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, pursuant to an Article entered into by the said William Townshend in his lifetime, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of Charles Townshend, his only Son and Heir, an Infant.

5. An act for vesting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and hrs Heirs, the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trust, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs, and for laying out the purchase money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

6. An act for discharging the Estate of John Sherwin Esquire, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses, Trusts and Covenants in his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in the County of Nottingham, and Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

7. An act to enable Sir James Mackenzie of Royston, to sell Lands and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of Debts and Encumbrances charged upon and affecting the same.

8. An act for vesting the settled Estate of Stamp Brooksbank Esquire, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Helaugh, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in Helaugh, in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

9. An act for selling and disposing of Part of the Estate of John Worth Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Debts, Portions and Encumbrances, charged upon, and affecting the same.

10. An act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of Hunmanby, and the Vicar and Freeholders oi Hunmanby in the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Moor of Hunmanby aforesaid.

11. An act to.enable John Mould Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Moore, pursuant to the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased.

12. An act to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Son of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke Esquire, deceased.

13. An act to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, now called Charles Gregory Wade, and his Issue Male, to use the Surname of Wade.

14. An act to enable Risley Brewer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Risley, pursuant to the Will of Paul Risley Esquire, deceased.

15. An act for naturalising James Tracy, Christian Burckhard Reyhlen, Zacharies Nieman, and Susannah Hubert.

16. An act to enable Edward Duke of Norfolk to grant building Leases for ninety-nine Years, of all or any Part of his Lands in or near the Township of Sheffield in the County of York.

17. An act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed to be made between Thomas Holles Duke of Newcastle, and Sir Miles Stapleton Baronet, of their settled Estates in the County of York; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses as the Lands, for which the same are exchanged, stood settled.

18. An act to enable the most Noble William Duke of Portland to grant building Leases of certain Messuages and Parcels of Ground in Soho Fields in the County of Middlesex, for a further Term than he is impowered to grant by his Marriage Settlement.

19. An act for discharging several Lands in Noseley in the County of Leicester, purchased by the Executors of Philip Earl of Chesterfield, deceased, from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Will of the said Earl; and for vesting the same Lands in Trustees to be sold; and with the Money arising thereby to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

20. An act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of william Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same, to the like Uses.

21. An act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earl of Inchiquin in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Encumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unsold, according to his Marriage Agreement.

22. An act to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and his Brother Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the same effectual for the several Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act to establish a Jointure on Dame Elizabeth Dashwood, Wife of Sir James Dashwood Baronet; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for the Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Wroughton and Liddyard Treagooze in the County of Wilts, between the Governors of the Hospitals commonly called the Charterhouse, and Thomas Benet of Salthrop in the said County of Wilts, Esquire.

25. An act to enable the acting Executors and Testamentary Guardians named in the Will of Edward Warren, late of Pointon in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, by selling Part, and leasing other Parts of his settled Estate, to raise Money for discharging the Encumbrances thereon, and to provide a sufficient Maintenance for his Son during his Minority, in ease of an Estate directed to be sold by the Will of John Warren Esquire, deceased.

26. An act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement made between Edward Westall and his Wife, and Robert Corr an Infant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contract for Sale of certain Lands therein mentioned.

27. An act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan Langdale Esquire, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Encumbrances affecting the same.

28. An act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir John Lear Baronet, deceased, in the County of Devon, Tor Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, being Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trust to be sold; and for settling other Lands in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

30. An act for enclosing Parts certain Common Fields in the Township of Pailton in the County of Warwick.

31. An act for enclosing Part of a Common, or Waste Grounds, called Hill side, otherwise Lambden Common, in the Manor and Parish of Odiham and County of Southampton.

32. An act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields lying in the Manor of Shipton Moyne, within the Parish of Shipton Moyne and Dovel in the County of Gloucester, commonly called the North and South Common Fields.

33. An act to enable John Bell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, deceased, pursuant to his Will.

34. An act for naturalising Adrian Coltee Ducarel.

35. An act for naturalising John Deshons.

