Private Acts passed in 1740, 13 George 2 c.1 - c.19.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for naturalising John-Georg Liebenrood, Bartholomew-Christopher Lutyens, and others.

2. An act for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of William late Lord Craven, for making Jointures and Leases, and for rendering the same Powers more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

3. An act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord of the Manor, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Great Bircham in the County of Norfolk; and for promoting and facilitating an Enclosure, intended to be made of diverse Commons, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham.

4. An act to enable William Grierson, the eldest Son of Sir Robert Grierson of Lag, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any Real or Personal Estate, that may have descended or otherwise come to him, since his late majesty's most Gracious Pardon, dated the twenty-ninth Day of June in the eleventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or otherwise come to him.

5. An act to enable Thomas Bettesworth Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Bilson, pursuant to the Will of Leonard Bilson Esquire, deceased.

6. An act for naturalising Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden.

7. An act for naturalising Anthony Vazeille, Stephen Saint Andre, and others.

8. An act for naturalising Isaac Olier, Christlan Sehutte, John-Daniel Cotton, and Henry Lyell.

9. An act to explain and enlarge the several Powers for appointing Portions and settling Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the twenty second Day of October in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, do now stand limited to William Duke of Cleveland, and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their bodies respectively.

10. An act for vesting the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies.

11. An act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement made between Maurice Conyers Esquire, Lord of the manor of Rusthall in the County of Kent, and the Right Honourable William Lord Abergavenny. and other Freehold Tenants of the said Manor, relating to certain Buildings and Enclosures made and erected in and upon Part of the Wastes of the said Manor, and for making the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended.

12. An act to enable Sir William Morice Baronet, to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington in the County of Devon, and his Successors, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the Capital Messuage of Werington in the said County.

13. An act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between William Gore Esquire, Executor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of Thomas Gore Esquire, deceased, for herself, and on the Behalf of Charles Gore an Infant, relating to the Sum of three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore.

14. An act for exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging to Thomas Inwen Esquire, in the Parish of Wootton in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value in the same Parish, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Sidney-Sussex College in Cambridge.

15. An act for selling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Derby; and for settling another Estate in the County, of Rutland, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

16. An act for making Divisions, Enclosures, and Allotments of the open Corn Fields, and Common Pasture, in the Lordship of Bewholm otherwise Bewham, in the Parish of Nunkeeling in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tithes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators, and the Propriators of the said Lands.

17. An act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and enclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, enclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Tithing of Charlton in the Parish of Andover in the County of Southampton.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall, alias Stichall, in the County of the City of Coventry.

19. An act for enclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Township of Gunnerton, in the County of Northumberland.

