Private Acts passed in 1741, 13 George 2 c.1 - c.33.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An Act for naturalising John De Pesters, Esq.

2. An Act for enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to make a Jointure on his present Dutchess, and to make Leases of certain Parts of his Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act for vesting the Seat and Estates of Nicholas late earl of Scarsdale, deceased, in the several Counties of Derby and Nottingham, comprised in his Settlement and Will, and the Furniture there at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold for speedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving the Surplus, to go according to his said Settlement and Will.

4. An Act for vesting in William Wildman, Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Life, certain Messuages and Tenements in the City of London, late the Estate of Mary Lady Viscountess Barrington, his Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage Settlement.

5. An Act for enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings Esq; his Son (a Minor) to convey certain Estates in Surrey and Hertfordshire, for the Benefit of the said George Jennings, and such Wife as he shall marry, and the Issue of such Marriage.

6. An Act for vesting Part of the Tithes of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, in Robert Scawen, Esq; and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate to the Uses limited of the said Tithes by the Will of Sir William Scawen Knt. deceased.

7. An act for vesting the freehold and leasehold estates late of Thomas Lewis of Soberton esq; deceased, in trustees, to be sold for raising money to discharge his debts and legacies.

8. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements of William Hudleston Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

9. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Neale Esq; in the County of Bucks, and for settling another Estate in the County of Warwick in lieu thereof.

10. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Western Esq; in the County of Buckingham, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate in the County of Cambridge, of greater Value, to the Uses of his marriage Settlement, and also for rendering a Power of Revocation contained in that Settlement, more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing several open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield for the Time being, in lieu of his Tithes, pursuant to an Agreement and an Award made for those Purposes.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and enclosing certain Common Fields, and a Common called Chawton Common, in the Parish of Chawton in the County of Southampton.

13. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, lying in the Manor and Parish of Sherston Magna in the County of Wilts.

14. An Act for enclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Brincklow in the County of Warwick.

15. An Act to enable John Rice, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Tutt, pursuant to the Will of John Tutt Gentleman, deceased.

16. An Act for enabling Edward Burnaby, an Infant, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Greene, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act to enable Francis Thistlethwaite Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Whithed, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Richard Whithed Esquire, deceased.

18. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Edmunds Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge the Debts of himself and his late Father deceased, and for settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

19. An Act for naturalising John Richard Brinckman Esquire.

20. An Act for naturalising Martin Kuyck Van Mierop.

21. An Act for naturalising Gedeon Bourdillon, John David Billon, and Matthew Housman.

22. An Act for naturalising Eve Superiori, alias Smith.

23. An Act for naturalising Ernest Barnerd.

24. An Act for naturalising Everard John Ludewig.

25. An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition agreed to be made, between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, whereof they are seized as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof how stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to enable William Earl of Strafford, an Infant of about the Age of nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage with the Lady Anne Campbell.

27. An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement, and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same, to the like Uses.

28. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Arran, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes.

29. An act to enable George viscount of Garnock, or the succeeding heirs of entail, to sell lands in the counties of Dunbarton and Air, for payment of debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other lands, to be settled to the same uses as the estate to be sold is settled.

30. An act for vacating a term of one hundred years, in a voluntary settlement made by Sir Hugh Clapton, knight, and for creating a new term of one thousand years, in lieu thereof, for the purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for vesting part of the estate of Francis Pembertom esquire, in the county of Cambridge, in trustees, to be sold for discharging the incumbrances thereon; and for settling another part of his estate to the uses and for the purposes of his marriage settlement.

32. An act for empowering Gwyn Vaughan esquire, and his wife, and their sons, to make leases of the manor of Kingston Seymour in the county of Somerset, for years determinable on deaths, according to the usage of the country.

33. An act for naturalizing Francis D'Abbadie.

