Private Acts passed in 1742, 15 George 2 c.1 - c.46.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act to enable Alexander Popham esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Luscombe, according to the directions of the said will and testament of Richard Luscombe esquire, deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing John Christoph Gobl, Hans Bardewieck, and others.

3. An act for confirming and establishing certain articles of agreement and an indenture between the right honourable Francis earl Godolphin and the dean and chapter of Ely, for making a partition and division of a certain heath, or heath-ground, in the county of Cambridge, and for rendering the same agreement and indenture more effectual, for the purposes therein mentioned.

4. An act for dissolving and disannexing from the crown, and the patrimony thereof, the earldom of Orkney, and the lord ship of Zetland, and for vesting the same irredeemable in James earl of Morton, and his heirs, discharged from any power or right of redemption in his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

5. An act for vesting the settled estate of Henry lord Montfort, in the county of Worcester, in trustees, in trust to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of lands and hereditaments in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or one of them.

6. An act for explaining a clause contained in an act made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by sale of the forfeited and other estates and interests in Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the several purposes therein mentioned, whereby several grants made by his Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergast baronet, deceased, of several lands, tenements, and hereditaments, part of the said forfeited estates and interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed.

7. An act to enable Sir Clement Cottrell knight, and other the devisees of the real estate of lieutenant general James Dormer deceased, to take and use the surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the tenor and purport of the will of the said James Dormer.

8. An act for making the exemplification of the last wills of John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley in the county of Somerset esquire, and of John Pigott esquire, his son, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigott esquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his progeny and descendants, to take and use the surname and arms of Pigott only, pursuant to the will of the said John Pigott the son.

9. An act to enable John Rolle esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the surname and arms of Walter, according to the direction of the last will and testament of Sir Robert Walter baronet, deceased.

10. An act to enable Buckland Bluett esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the name of Nutcombe, according to the settlement made by Richard Nutcombe esquire, deceased.

11. An act for naturalizing John Boucher.

12. An act for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duqueruy, and Michael Henry Duqueruy, and others.

13. An act for the more effectually carrying into execution certain articles of agreement made before and in consideration of the marriage of the honourable Philip Yorke esquire, with the most honourable Jemima marchioness Grey; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to enable George Warren esquire, his heirs and assigns, to make a sluice or tunnel through part of the glebe belonging to the rectory of Stockport, in the county of Chester, and to use and enjoy the same, for conveying water to Stockport mills.

15. An act for making articles of agreement entered into by Amos Meredith esquire, and Johanna his wife, as well in her own behalf as in behalf of their seven children, all infants, and by Thomas Asheton esquire, in behalf of his son an infant, touching the partition of the estate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Holford in the county of Chester, esquire, deceased, now remaining unsold, obligatory on the said infants, and rendering the said partition effectual and binding to all parties.

16. An act to establish and confirm articles of agreement relating to the tithes and certain glebe lands, within the parish of Leigh, in the county of Worcester.

17. An act to enable Percy Wyndham esquire, and other the devisees of Henry earl of Thomond and viscount Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the surname of Obrien, pursuant to the will of the said earl of Thomond and viscount Tadcaster.

18. An act for enabling William Morden esquire, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Harbord, pursuant to the desire of Harbord Harbord esquire, deceased.

19. An act for exemplifying the last will of Arthur, late earl of Anglesey, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

20. An act for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Girardot de Chancourt, and John Cahuac.

21. An act for the sale of certain pieces or parcels of ground, messuages, and buildings, at Park-place, in the parish of Saint James, in the county of Middlesex, part of the settled estate of Charles duke of Grafton; and for settling other lands to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

22. An act for repealing a power in the marriage settlement of Thomas duke of Leeds, with Mary his now wife, and for creating a new power instead thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act for the sale of two closes of meadow ground in West Harnam in the county of Wilts, being the settled estate of John Horne, unto the right honourable Henry earl of Pembroke, and his heirs; and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled in lieu thereof.

24. An act to impower Henry earl of Carlisle to make leases of coal mines and coal works, lying within his settled estates in the county of Northumberland, for any term not exceeding ninety nine years.

25. An act for vesting all the manors, towns, lands, chiefries, fee-farm rents, and other hereditaments whatsoever, in the several counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and elsewhere, in the kingdom of Ireland, late the estate of Francis earl of Carlingford, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of his debts, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

26. An act for vesting the several castles, manors, towns, lands, and hereditaments of Mountague, lord viscount Blundell, in the county of Downe in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, for raising (after the death of the said viscount) the sum of ten thousand pounds for the portion of Mary, lady Raymond, his daughter; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act to enable James Cavendish esquire, commonly called lord James Cavendish, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as auditor general of his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the enjoyment of the said office.

28. An act to prevent Sir Job Brooke baronet, a lunatick, from marrying during his lunacy.

29. An act for confirming certain estates in the county of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck, baronet, deceased, to the trustees of Fulke Greville esquire, during his minority, to him and his said trustees, discharged from the equity of redemption, which the infant son and heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full satisfaction for principal and interest due thereon; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act to impower the trustees named in the will of Sir William Pole baronet, deceased, to make leases of part of his estate, during the minority of his son Sir John Pole.

31. An act for vesting part of the marriage portion of Mary, late wife of John Walcot esquire, and also part of his settled estate in trustees for raising money to pay debts; and for securing an equivalent for the same, for the benefit of his heir male.

32. An act for sale of several settled estates of Walter Radcliffe esquire, lying in the county of Devon; and for laying out the monies arising from such sale, in the purchase of other lands in the said county of Devon, of equal value, to be settled to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

33. An act for sale of certain estates of Valentine Knightly esquire, in the county of Northampton; and for settling another estate in the same county, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

34. An act for vesting the settled estate of Michael Harvey esquire, in the county of Leicester, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the money arising by such sale for discharging the incumbrances affecting his estate in the county of Surrey; and for settling that estate in lieu of the Leicestershire estate, and to the same uses.

35. An act for confirming a conveyance from the surviving trustees of the charity established by the will of John Bently esquire, deceased, of the undivided sixth part of Picket's Field, in the county of Middlesex, to the surviving assignees under the commission of bankruptcy awarded against William Hammond, late of Change Alley, London, goldsmith and banker, deceased.

36. An act for settling certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the county of York, part of the estate of James Manuel, late of New Malton in the same county, deceased, to the uses mentioned in certain articles of agreement made between the widow and the daughters and coheirs of the said John Manuel.

37. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Robert Lucas esquire, and Mary his wife, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying part of the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of an estate contracted for, in order to be settled together with other lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an equivalent for the said settled estate, and to the like uses.

38. An act to enable William Northey, an infant, to settle the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the county of Wilts, for the benefit of himself, and any woman he shall marry, and their issue, notwithstanding his infancy; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, land, wactes, and uninclosed grounds within the manor and parish of Wotton Underwood, in the county of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain exchanges therein mentioned.

40. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed to be made of certain lands in the parish of Sutton in the county of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne, baronet, lord of the manor, and doctor Crane, rector of the church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the inclosure of the common fields and common grounds in the said parish; and for securing to the said rector an equivalent for his tithes arising in the said parish of Sutton.

41. An act to enable John Dashwood and William Payne esquires, and their respective issue male, and other the devisees of the estate of John King, doctor in divinity, deceased, to take and use the surname of King only, according to the direction of the codicil to the will of the said doctor King.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing, setting out and allotting, certain common fields and inclosures, within the manor and parish of Aston-Canilow in the county of Warwick.

43. An act for sale of the estates late of James Walsingham esquire, deceased, lying in the counties of Surrey, Essex, Norfolk, and Cambridge for raising money to discharge the incumbrances affecting the same, and other purposes therein mentioned.

44. An act for sale of part of the estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt esquire, to raise money for the payment of debts affecting the same, and of portions for his younger brothers and sister, charged thereon by the settlement of their uncle John Bayntun esquire, deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act to enable John Probyn esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his defendants, to take and use the surname of Probyn, pursuant to the will of Sir Edmund Probyn knight, deceased.

46. An act for naturalizing Peter Holsten.

