Private Acts passed in 1743, 16 George 2 c.1 - c.31.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Daniel Vialars, Peter Thomegay, and others.

2. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in Sturton and Walkeringham, in the county of Nottingham, entailed by the will of Evelyn late duke of Kingston, deceased, in Evelyn now duke of Kingston, in fee simple, discharged of the uses, trusts, and limitations of the said will; and for settling in lieu thereof, other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, to the like uses.

3. An act for confirming and establishing a partition, made between the coheirs of the late marquiss of Halifax, of divers estates therein mentioned, and other purposes in this act expressed.

4. An act to empower two of the trustees named in the marriage of settlement of the late lord Petrey deceased, to grant leases, without the concurrence of the other trustee named in the said settlement.

5. An act for restoring Francis duke of Buccleugh, to the dignities and titles of earl of Doncaster and baron Scot of Tindal.

6. An act for exchanging part of the glebe lands and hereditaments belonging to the vicarage of Nuneaton in the county of Warwick, for the rectorial tythes, and certain lands in the parish of Nuneaton, belonging to the impropriator.

7. An act for sale of the manor of Bath-hampton, being the estate of Charles Holder esquire, for payment of incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

8. An act for making perpetual an agreement for the exchange of lands for tithes made between Evelyn Chadwicke esquire, lord of the manor of West Leak in the county of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler clerk, rector of the parish church there.

9. An act to enable trustees named in the settlement and will of Robert Trefusis esquire, deceased, during the minority of his son Robert Cotton Trefusis, to make leases of part of his estate in the county of Cornwall,

10. An act for impowering Thomas Fitzherbert the younger, esquire, to make jointures during the life-time of Thomas Fitzhertbert esquire, his father, and also to grant annuities to his younger sons, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

11. An act for sale of the settled estates of William Gore esquire, deceased, in the county of Middlesex and city of London, for payment of his debts and legacies; and for rendering a power, contained in his will, more effectual.

12. An act for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape esquires, to make jointures, and leases, of the estates devised to them respectively by the will of William Gape esquire, their late father, deceased.

13. An act to impower Anna Norris widow, mother and guardian to John Norris an infant, to grant one or more building lease or leases of certain messuages, and a piece or parcel of ground in Fenchurch-street, in the parish of Saint Benedict Gracechurch, London,

14. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields within the parish of Great Brington in the county of Northampton.

15. An act for confirming and rendering more effectual certain articles of agreement, and an award, for inclosing and dividing certain common fields and common downs, within the manor and parish of Aston Tirrold in the county of Berks.

16. An act for the inclosing and dividing the common fields and waste grounds, lying within the manor of Dummer, in the parish of Dummer, in the county of Southampton,

17. An act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual certain articles of agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing several common fields lying in Earley, in the parish of Soning in the county of Berks, and for exchanging several ancient inclosures in Earley aforesaid.

18. An act for inclosing and dividing the common or moor called Elvington Moor, within the manor and parish of Elvington in the county of York.

19. An act for making the exemplification of the settlement made by James earl of Anglesea, on his marriage with Katharine now duchess dowager of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

20. An act for making the exemplification of the last will of Henry late earl of Thomond and viscount Tadcaster, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

21. An act for vesting the remainder in fee of several lands in Ireland, the estate of Arthur Plunkett esquire, in trustees, in order to sell such lands to protestant purchasers.

22. An act to enable Henry Willis esquire, now called Henry Compton, and his issue male and defendants, to take and use the surname of Compton, pursuant to the will of Eleanor Bave widow, deceased.

23. An act to enable Edward Rookes esquire, to take and use the surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the last will and testament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth in the county of York, esquire, deceased.

24. An act to enable Crayle Bellamy esquire, to take and use the surname of Crayle.

25. An act for vesting in John Elwick esquire, the sole property of an engine for making stone pipes, and to enlarge the term granted by letters patent for that purpose.

26. An act for naturalizing John Bockholt, and Swain Rose.

27. An act for naturalizing Paul Torres, Godfrey Zurhorst, and others.

28. An act for naturalizing James Serces clerk.

29. An act for sale of a tenement, adjoining to Northumberland House in the Strand, part of the estate of Sir William Dodwell knight, deceased; and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of lands, to be settled to the same uses.

30. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in Ravensworth and Whashton, in the county of York, in Andrew Perrot gentleman, discharged of the uses and trusts of the marriage settlement of James Cooke the younger, and for settling in lieu thereof other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, to the same uses.

31. An act for establishing an agreement between Margaret Savage spinster, and Elizabeth Byrche widow, two of the daughters and coheirs of Thomas Savage esquire, deceased, relating to the settlement and disposition of the real and personal estate of the said Thomas Savage.

