Private Acts passed in 1744, 17 George 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren and Abraham Spalding, of London, merchants.

2. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry duke of Beaufort, with Frances Scudamore his now wife, and to enble him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of part of the forest of Shotover and Slowood in the county of Oxford, to trustees, in trust for Augustus Schutz esquire, and his heirs, upon a full and valuable consideration to be paid for the same.

4. An act to enable Mr. John Carre, of Cavers, advocate, to sell lands in the county of Roxburgh, for payment of debts charged thereon, and with the surplus money (if any) to purchase other lands, to be settled to the same uses as the lands to be sold are settled.

5. An act for dividing, and inclosing the common fields, called the North Field and South Field, in the parish of Westonbirt, in the county of Gloucester.

6. An act to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the surname of Stewart, pursuant to the will of James Stewart, deceased.

7. An act to enable Randall Hopley of Overton in the county of Chester, gentleman, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Dod, pursuant to the will of William Dod esquire, deceased.

8. An act to enable John Caswell gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall to take and use the christian and surname of Giles Whitehall and also to enable his first and other sons, and their heirs male, to take and use the surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the will of Giles Whitehall deceased.

9. An act for naturalizing Mary countess of Holdernesse, wife of Robert earl of Holdernesse.

10. An act for naturalizing Andrew Templeman, John Darlon, Christian Moller, John Friderick Fries, and Peter de la Rive, of London, merchants.

11. An act to naturalize Lorentz Bastian Ritter.

12. An act for naturalizing John Rudolff Thunn, of London, merchant.

13. An act for settling a capital messuage, lands, and hereditaments in East Grinstead in the county of Sussex, to divers uses therein mentioned, for the benefit of William lord Abergavenny, and his family, as an equivalent for a sum of money appointed by a former act, to be laid out in the purchase of lands for that purpose.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields in the hamlet of Shipton, in the parish of Winslow in the county of Bucks.

15. An act for inclosing the common and waste ground called Bassledon Heath in the county of Berks.

16. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields, called Flecknoe, in the parish of Wolfhampcoat in the county of Warwick.

17. An act for confirming an agreement made to exchange certain rights of common, in the parish, townships, or hamlets of East Langton, West Langton, Church Langton, and Thorpe Langton, in the county of Leicester, and for settling an yearly sum to be paid to the rector of the said parish, and his successors, in lieu of tythes.

18. An act for inclosing and dividing the common called the Severals, and the Moor, lying in the manor and parish of Mareham le Fenn in the county of Lincoln.

19. An act for sale of the capital messuage at Roughampton, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Surrey, late the estate of Joseph Bagnall esquire, deceased, and for purchasing another estate to be settled to the uses of his will.

20. An act for the sale of certain houses and ground in Woolwich, part of the settled estate of Edward Bowater esquire, pursuant to an agreement with the commissioners of the navy, and for applying the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of his marriage settlement.

21. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Edward Powys esquire, and Katherine his wife, in trustees, for raising money to pay debts, and for securing an equivalent for the same, for the benefit of his said wife, and their issue, and of Thomas Powys esquire, and his heirs and assigns.

22. An act for confirming to the honourable Henry Flervey clerk, his wife, and their issue male, the surname and arms of Afon, pursuant to a settlement made by Sir Thomas Afon baronet, deceased.

23. An act for confirming the jointure made on the marriage of Francis Scot esquire, commonly called earl of Dalkeith, eldest son and heir apparent to Francis duke of Buccleugh, with lady Caroline Camp-^bell, and for impowering the heirs of entail succeeding to the estate of Francis late earl of Buccleugh, to make jointures, in such manner, as is therein mentioned.

24. An act to impower the guardians of Other Lewis, earl of Plimouth, an infant, to purchase the estate of his grandfather Thomas Lewis esquire, in the county of Glamorgan.

25. An act for sale of part of the estate of Thomas lord baron of Caber in the kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the debts aXd incumbrances affecting the same.

26. An act for vesting the settled estate of Sir Robert Sutton in the county of Nottingham, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging several mortgages and incumbrances, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be settled together with his estate in the county of Lincoln, to the uses therein mentioned.

27. An act to enlarge the time limited by the will of Sir Francis Leicester baronet, deceased, for sale of the real estate late of Sir John Byrne baronet, deceased, in the kingdom of Ireland, and also to enable Sir Peter Byrne baronet, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said will.

28. An act for impowering John Thornhagh esquire, to make a jointure and provision for his younger children out of an estate, comprised in a voluntary settlement made by Saint Andrew Thornhagh esquire, his late father, deceased.

29. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments, devised by the will of Richard Cliffe esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, for paying the debts and legacies charged thereupon by the said will, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by such sale (if any) in purchasing other lands, to be settled to the uses of the same will.

30. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of John Ayshcombe gentleman, lying in the county of Warwick, and for settling another estate in the same county, of greater value, to the same uses, in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned,

31. An act for vesting the estate late of George Downes esquire, deceased, in the county of Wilts, in Edward Gale gentleman, and his heirs, in trust, to convey the same to Robert Neale esquire, and his heirs (pursuant to articles of agreement made for sale thereof) towards payment of the incumbrances charged thereupon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of John Cullum esquire, in trustees, to be sold, towards discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for securing and providing an equivalent for the same, out of other part of his estate, for the uses and purposes of his marriage settlement.

33. An act to enable William Moore esquire, to sell an estate purchased under the will of William Smythe esquire, and to lay out the money thereby arising, with other money therein mentioned, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of the said will.

34. An act for vesting the settled estate of Thomas Fownes esquire, in trustees, to be sold, together with his fee simple estate, for the payment of the debts of his father and himself, and for laying out the surplus money in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of his marriage settlement.

35. An act for vesting the settled estate of Peter Hawker esquire, in the county of Dorset, in trustees, to be sold, and for providing and securing an equivalent to be settled to the same uses.

36. An act for confirming agreements made for inclosing and dividing part of North Stoneharn Common, in the county of Southampton.

37. An act for extinguishing a right of common claimed by and belonging to the owners and proprietors of ancient burgages and tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the county of York, and for settling and providing an equivalent for the said common right.

38. An act for naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boeteseur.

39. An act for naturalizing Stephen Naville.

