Private Acts passed in 1745, 18 George 2 c.1 - c.29.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blon.

2. An act for naturalizing Christian Heineken, Dominick Joseph Leiutaud, Henry Geutjes, and others.

3. An act for confirming and establishing on John Pate esquire, and his issue male, the surname of Rose.

4. An act to enable George Vanden Bempde, marquis of Annandale, to use the surname and arms of Vanden Bempde, pursuant to the will of John Vanden Bempde esquire, deceased.

5. An Act to enable George Earl Cholmondeley, and Pattee Viscount Torrington, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

6. An Act for exchanging diverse Lands and Hereditaments in Hantshire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in Sussex, belonging to Thomas Knight Esquire; and for settling the several Estates, so taken in Exchange, to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the same respectively.

7. An Act for naturalising Dorothy Penton, Wife of Henry Benton Esquire, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure.

8. An Act for confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, the Surname of Proctor, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of George Proctor Esquire, deceased.

9. An Act for uniting the Vicarage of Fineham Saint Martins to the Rectory of Fineham Saint Michaels, in the County of Norfolk, and for settling the Right of presentation to the same.

10. An act for regulating and making more effectual a certain charity, given by the will of Richard Churchaer merchant, deceased, for the benefit of the town and borough of Petersfield in the county of Southampton.

11. An act for naturalizing Mark Cramer, Samuel Mestrezat, and others.

12. An act for naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin.

13. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Boteler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

14. An Act for appropriating the Sum of six thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith Baronet, with Dame Ursula his Wife, and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate, for discharging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male in respect thereof.

15. An Act for raising Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will of Sir William Myddleton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate, lying near Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of three thousand Pounds affecting the same.

17. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Encumbrances.

18. An Act for Sale of the Estates, late of William Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, Salop, and Anglesea, for Payment of their respective Debts and Encumbrances.

19. An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Worcester College in the University of Oxford; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee Simple Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for charging, selling and applying Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for raising Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck, his Grandfather, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for empowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain effects, mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Bassett Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed.

22. An Act for Sale of the settled and unsettled Estates of William Barry Esquire, and for purchasing another Estate of equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for impowering Edward Gould Esquire, and William Gould Clerk, to make Jointures upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased.

24. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain lands in the county of Wilts, comprized in the marriage settlement of Robert Wright clerk, in trustees, to sell the same, for raising money to purchase an entire farm in the county of Suffolk, to be settled to the uses of the same settlement.

25. An act for sale of the freehold and copyhold estates of Rodolph Hobbes gentleman, deceased, in the county of Bucks, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for making provision for his widow and infant children.

26. An act for vesting part of the estate late of Richard Luscombe esquire, deceased, in the county of Devon, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts and legacies.

27. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields in Faxton, within the parish of Lamport, in the county of Northampton; and for giving a recompence to the rector of the said parish, in lieu of his tythes of the said common fields.

28. An act to dissolve the marriage of Daniel Matthew esquire, with Penelope Smith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Julian, Peter Sapte, and Thomas Sapte.

