Private Acts passed in 1746, 19 George 2 c.1 - c.31.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18. and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Jointure, on any future Marriage, and Provision for his Daughters and younger Sons.

2. An Act to enable Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord Wyndham in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

3. An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalising Hermann Meyer, Herman Rudolph Klincke, and Peter Torras junior.

5. An Act for naturalising John Daniel Dreyer.

6. An Act for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount Grimston, to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Grimstone Esquire, deceased.

7. An Act to vest the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir Narbrough D'Aeth Baronet, and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value, being settled in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields, within the Parish of Inkpen, in the County of Berks.

9. An Act for giving further Time to execute an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,intituled, An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right.

10. An Act for establishing Articles of Agreement for an Enclosure and Division of the common Fields, Waste, and common Grounds in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York; and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to complete the said Inclosure.

11. An Act for rectifying and amending the Defects in a former Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire; for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trusts of the said former Act.

12. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of Leeds; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the Residue in Discharge of Encumbrances affecting the rest of the said duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts.

13. An Act for vesting in Simon Lord Viscount Harcourt, certain Lands in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage Settlement of George Hart with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof.

14. An Act for vesting the Real and Leasehold Estates late of Edward Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes.

15. An Act to enable Henry Crahb, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos, in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge Encumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for raising at twenty-one, or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the mean Time.

17. An Act to empower the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of Plimouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority.

18. An act to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Willim Pitt Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath, of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

19. An act for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Fingall, in the County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Encumbrances charged thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Lechnere junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of Essex, pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for discharging Encumbrances affecting the said Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Tenements in the County of Northumberland, late the Estate of John Manners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in Wakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned.

23. An Act to enable Walter Hawksworth Esquire, formerly called Walter Ramsden, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Hawksworth, pursuant to the Will of Sir Walter Hawksworth, Baronet, deceased.

24. An Act for naturalising Michael Baur.

25. An Act for naturalising John Baptist Pellet.

26. An Act for naturalising Charles Labellye.

27. An Act to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Sir William Young Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

28. An Act to enable Sir william Duckinfield Daniel Baronet, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Daniel, pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased.

29. An Act for Sale of diverse Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money in Present for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their reversionary Interest in the said Estates expectant on the Death of their Father.

30. An act for the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Surrey, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerrard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford, and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses.

31. An Act to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldsley, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to sell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled.

