Private Acts passed in 1747, 20 George 2 c.1 - c.32.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 19.
---

1. An act to enable Richard Waynhouse, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to the will of Christopher Emmott, esquire, deceased.

2. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Harry earl of Stamford, in order to discharge several incumbrances affecting the same.

3. An act for settling the estates of Thomas earl of Leicester, and Edward Coke esquire, commonly called lord Coke, his only son, in the county of Norfolk, on the marriage of the said Edward lord Coke with the lady Mary Campbell, one of the daughters of John late duke of Argyll, deceased.

4. An act for settling the estates of William lord Byron and Elizabeth Shaw spinster, an infant, on their intermarriage.

5. An act to enable Sir Thomas Parkyns baronet, and Jane Parkyns (with the consent of their guardians and trustees) to make a conveyance by way of settlement, on their intermarriage, notwithstanding their minority.

6. An act for raising money by leasing or sale of the estates late of Thomas Taylor esquire the father, and Thomas Taylor esquire the son, deceased, to discharge the debts and incumbrances affecting the same, and for making a partition of such estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold for the purposes aforesaid.

7. An act to enable Lillie Smith, and his heirs by Valentina his wife (formerly Valentina Aynscombe) to take and use the surname of Aynscombe, pursuant to the will of Thomas Aynscombe esquire, deceased.

8. An act to enable Edmund Garforth, formerly called Edmund Dring, and his heirs, to take, use, and bear the surname and arms of Garforth.

9. An act to confirm a decree of the court of the dutchy of Lancaster, concerning certain marsh lands, called Sutton Marsh, in the county of Lincoln, and a conveyance, from Lascells Metcalfe esquire, of the same to the corporation of the president and governors of the hospital founded at the sole costs and charges of Thomas Guy esquire.

10. An act for the sale of the rectory of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, London, the estate of Thomas Kynaston clerk, comprized in his marriage settlement, and for purchasing another estate, to be settled to the uses of the said settlement.

11. An act for vesting the estates of doctor Simon Burton deceased, in the counties of Wilts and Southampton, in trustees, to raise money for the payment of several debts and incumbrances, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act for confirming and establishing certain articles of agreement between the heirs at law and devisees of Joceline late earl of Leicester, deceased, for the settlement and disposition of the real estate of the said earl, and for rendering the said agreement more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

13. An act for raising money out of the settled estates of Richard Oakeley esquire, in the counties of Salop and Oxford, for the payment of several debts and incumbrances, and for providing a recompence for the same, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

14. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Henry Talbot esquire, in the county of Warwick, in him, in fee Ample, discharged of the uses of his marriage settlement, upon his settling other lands, of greater value, to the same uses.

15. An act for sale of the estates of William Moore esquire, in the counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Stafford, for payment of debts and legacies.

16. An act to impower Anne Colemore widow, and her assigns, during the life of Thomas Colemore merchant, to make building leases of lands and near Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

17. An act to enable the guardian of Elizabeth Sambrooke and Diana Sambrooke, infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke their sister in making building leases of divers houses and tenements in the county of Middlesex.

18. An act to impower the guardians of William Mitchell, and other infants, to make leases of their estates in the several counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Middlesex, Cambridge, Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their minorities.

19. An act for making a settlement of the real and personal estate of Thomas Garrard esquire, deceased, pursuant to his intention declared in his life-time, and at the desire, and with the consent of his six sons.

20. An act for vesting several estates of Thomas Rolt esquire, in trustees, to be sold for raising money, to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and other debts; and for securing an equivalent, in respect of the settled part of such estates, for the benefit of his wife and infant son; and for the providing portions for his daughters, and for other purposes.

21. An act for sale of the real estate of Richard Powys esquire, deceased, for payment of his debts and daughters portions, and for other purposes therein expressed.

22. An act for sale of certain estates in Tewin and Datchworth in the county of Hertford, belonging to Jane, Anne, Mary, and Susanna Awdrey, Kemeys, infants, pursuant to an agreement entered into by their trustees for that purpose.

23. An act for sale of the settled and other estate of John Curtis, in the county of Norfolk, and applying part of the money arising thereby in payment of legacies and debts, and applying other part of such money in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the like uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for vesting the capital messuage, called Great Frogmore, with the lands and grounds thereunto belonging, devised by the will of Mary, late dutchess of Northumberland, in trustees, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for sale of certain estates in the counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Gloucester, of Robert Gwillym esquire, and Robert Gwillym his son, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other lands and hereditaments in the county of Lancaster, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An act for vesting a farm and lands in Cullumpton, in the county of Devon, late the estate of Robert Drew gentleman, deceased, in trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Cruwys gentleman, pursuant to an agreement with Mary Drew widow, and for discharging a mortgage on the said estate.

27. An act for sale of the estate of Edward Masters deceased, for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act to dissolve the marriage of Corbyn Morris esquire, with Elizabeth Fanshawe his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act to impower Mary Stillington widow, to execute a power vested in Joseph Stillington esquire, her late husband, deceased, for raising money to complete the inclosure of the common fields and common grounds in the manor of Kelfield, in the county of York.

30. An act to enable Thomas Bushell esquire, and his descendants, to take and use the surname and arms of Fettiplace.

31. An act for naturalizing Mark Liotard, Henry Ubthoff, and John David Ziegell.

32. An act for naturalizing Albert Vandenvelde merchant.

