Private Acts passed in 1748, 21 George 2 c.1 - c.31.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 19.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Caesar de Missy and Charles de Missy.

2. An act for vesting the settled estate of the right honourable Francis earl Brooke, in the county of Southampton, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising thereby, in the purchase of other hereditaments of equal or greater value, to be settled in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act for impowering Granville Leveson Gower, commonly called lord Trentham, to raise portions for younger children; and also to explain and amend certain powers for making jointures in the settlement made on his marriage with Elizabeth his late wife.

4. An act to enable James Stanley esquire, commonly called lord Strange, eldest son and heir apparent of Edward earl of Derby, and his issue by Lucy his wife (late Lucy Smith) to take and use the sirname of Smith, and bear the arms of Smith and Hertz.

5. An act for vesting the settled estate late of the honourable Robert Bynge esquire, deceased, and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Hertford, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the money arising by such sale, for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for inrolling the will of George late viscount Lanesborough in the kingdom of Ireland, and making the exemplification thereof evidence in all courts in Great Britain and Ireland.

7. An act to confirm and establish an agreement for inclosing and dividing certain common fields in the hamlet of Badbury in the county of Wilts.

8. An act to enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lingen, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Burton only, pursuant to the will of Thomas Burton esquire, deceased.

9. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manors of Wooking, Chabham, and Bagshott, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Surrey, to Abel Walter, esquire, and his heirs.

10. An act for naturalizing Anthony Andre, David Andre, and others.

11. An act for vesting a moiety of the late Sir George Strode's estates, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, in the right honourable Francis earl Brooke, as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Strode's will, and the partition of the said estates made by virtue of a decree of the court of Chancery.

12. An act for the sale of certain lands in the parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the county of Essex, part of the estate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys baronet, deceased, for the purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for vesting divers manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffolk, late the estate of Thomas Carthew esquire, deceased, in his executors, to enable them to convey the same, pursuant to articles entered into for the purchase thereof.

14. An act for sale of the estate late of Henry Fleetwood esquire, deceased, in the county of Lancaster, for raising money to discharge the incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of a former settlement.

15. An act for vesting certain estates of Thomas Lloyd esquire, and Anne his wife, in trustees, to be sold for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling other estates to the uses of their marriage settlement.

16. An act for vesting the equity of redemption of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments in Kingston upon Hull, and the county of York, late the estate of George Dawson esquire, deceased, in Roper Dawson, his eldest son and heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the several incumbrances affecting the same, and to make a provision for his brothers and sisters.

17. An act for confirming an agreement between James Fox and John Bridges esquires, for exchanging certain lands in the parish of Cobham, in the county of Surry, and for rendering the said agreement more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

18. An act for sale of the settled estate of George Chafin esquire, in the counties of Southampton and Surrey, for paying off and discharging several debts and incumbrances, and for settling lands in the county of Somerset, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

19. An act for vesting the settled estate late of Joseph Banks the elder esquire, deceased, in the parish of Saint James, within the liberty of Westminster, in trustees, in order to make sale thereof, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands to be settled to the same uses.

20. An act for confirming certain articles of agreement between the creditors of Hugh Naish esquire, and the trustees named in an act of parliament of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for vesting the real and personal estates of the said Hugh Naish in trustees, for the benefit of his creditors, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for repealing of part, and for explaining and amending other parts of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for charging, selling, and applying part of the settled estate of Anthony Keck esquire, for raising money towards the purchase of the manors of Dalby and Broughton in the county of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for sale of part of the estate late of Corbet Kynaston esquire, deceased, for the payment of debts affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act for raising money out of an estate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a school and alms-houses at Rugby in the county of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said school, or purchasing one or more messuage or messuages, together with some ground adjoining thereto, and for the better support of the said like charity.

24. An act for vesting the estates of Richard Williams a bankrupt (which were settled on his marriage with Sarah Williams his present wife) in the assignees under the commission of bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for payment of his debts, and for making a provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her issue, in such manner as therein is mentioned.

25. An act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other grounds, in the manor and township of Faceby in Cleveland, in the north riding of the county of York, and for providing certain recompences to the impropriators and vicar of Faceby, in lieu of tythes.

26. An act to confirm and establish an agreement, for inclosing and dividing a large open common pasture ground called Somergangs, otherwise Somergams, in the parish of Drypool, in the county of York.

27. An act for confirming and establishing agreements, for inclosing and exchanging lands in Holton, in the county of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

28. An act for inclosing certain common pasture grounds, within the manors and parishes of Longwith and Plesley, and the hamlets of Stoney Houghton and Shirbrook, in the said parishes, in the county of Derby.

29. An act to enable Richard Weddell (lately called Richard Elcock) and his issue, to take and bear the sirname and arms of Weddell, pursuant to the will of Thomas Weddell esquire, deceased; and for impowering the said Richard Weddell, and those in remainder after him, to make leases of the estates devised to him and them by the said will.

30. An act for naturalizing John Thorbeeke.

31. An act for naturalizing Peter Neau.

