Private Acts passed in 1749, 22 George 2 c.1 - c.48.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 19.
---

1. An act for enclosing and dividing East Woodhey Down, and the open and common fields of East Woodhey and Hollington in the county of Southampton, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

2. An act for enabling John Griffin Whitwell esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Griffin.

3. An act to enable Samuel Grundy (now called Samuel Swinfen) and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Swinfen.

4. An act for naturalizing Martin Klencke, John James Grand, and Anthony Columbus.

5. An act for naturalizing Gabriel Guillon.

6. An act for confirming an order and rule of the court of Common Pleas, for assessing certain lands and tenements in the manor of Betlow, to the parochial rates and levies of and in the parish of Tring, in the county of Hertford.

7. An act for confirming and establishing an agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open fields and lands in the manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in the county of Northampton.

8. An act for confirming articles of agreement and award for inclosing and dividing the heaths, wastes, fields, and common grounds in the township of Norton juxta Twicross, in the county of Leicester.

9. An act for settling a certain yearly payment to the rector of Broughton in the county of Bucks, for the time being, in lieu of tythes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for explaining and amending a power given by the marriage settlement of Richard Luther esquire, and Charlotte his wife, and for making the same more effectual for the benefit of the children of that marriage.

11. An act for empowering the committee of the estate of John Rogers esquire, a lunatick, to make surrenders and leases of the freehold and leasehold estates of the said lunatick, during his lunacy.

12. An act to enable and oblige Charles Fitz Roy esquire, and Frances his wife, and the issue of her body, to take and use the additional surname, and bear the arms of Scudamore.

13. An act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Harrison to take and use the surname of Kimpson, in performance of a condition contained in the will of Thomas Kimpson clerk, deceased.

14. An act to enable Joseph Foster Barham esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Barham, pursuant to the will of Henry Barham esquire deceased.

15. An act to dissolve the marriage of Samuel Rash gentleman, with Dorothy Fuller, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for naturalizing George William Renner, and Frederick Christopher Pritzler.

17. An act for naturalizing Magdalen Aldworth.

18. An act for naturalizing Charles Louis Courant.

19. An act for diverting the crown of the reversion in fee simple of and in the manors of Spalding and Holbech, and of several lands, tenements, and hereditaments to the same belonging, in the county of Lincoln, and of and in a piece or parcel of ground in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex, and the buildings thereon, expectant on certain estates tail, and for vesting the same in certain other persons therein named, to the intent the same may be barred by proper methods in law, for the purpose therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Charles Earl of Peterborow, or the other Heirs of Entail, to sell Lands in the Counties of Kincarden and Aberdeen, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable the Bishop of London, or his successors, to demise or sell the Capital Messuage or Mansion House called London House, for the Benefit of the Bishoprick of London.

22. An Act for applying Part of the Personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord Bishop of Salisbury, for the purchasing of Lands or Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned.

23. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Teynham and Sir Francis Curson Baronet, for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, deceased, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for raising Money upon the settled Estate of William Lord Viscount Vane, for the Payment of his Debts.

23. An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of Devon, and in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Debts and Encumbrances; and also for settling another Estate in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof; and for securing a Rent Charge to Mary Viscountess Fane, as a Compensation for her Estate for Life, in the Premises in the County of Devon.

26. An Act to enable the making of Leases and Sets of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyvyan Baronet, an Infant, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during his Minority.

27. An Act for selling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, Woods, Lands and Hereditaments devised by the Will of Sir John Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An act for discharging the estate of William Levinz esquire, in Bilby, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the county of Nottingham, from a yearly payment of thirty pounds given by Sir Creswell Levinz knight, for charitable uses, and for charging the same on his estate at Grove in the same county.

29. An act for vesting the undivided fifth part of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Sussex, the estate of Ebenezer Marlow, and William Marlow his son, an infant, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same for the purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Nathaniel Cotton Doctor in physick, lying in the county of Hertford, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate to he settled to the uses of his marriage Settlement.

31. An act for vesting the inheritance of the real estate late of John Lockwood gentleman, deceased, in trustees, for the payment of the incumbrances charged upon the same, by virtue of and under his will.

32. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Nicholas Glynn esquire, deceased, for discharging incumbrances, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Walter Hawksworth Esquire, in the County of York, in him and his Heirs, and for settling the Manor of Hawksworth in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

34. An act for disposing of part of the real estate of William Robinson Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his will to be sold for raising portions for his daughters, in order to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for sale of part of the estate of Francis Gwyn esquire, in the county of Devon, for raising money to discharge his sisters portions, and other incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

36. An act for sale of a messuage, and certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments in Twickenham in the county of Middlesex, the estate of Mary Middleton widow, and others, and for vesting the money arising thereby, in trustees, for the same uses to which the said estate now Hands settled.

37. An act for inclosing and dividing certain commons and wastes, within the manor and parish of Watlington in the county of Norfolk.

38. An act to enable Robert Lynch esquire, to assume and take upon him the name of Blesse.

39. An act for naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempe.

40. An act for naturalizing Peter Auriel.

41. An act for sale of several estates in the counties of Mayo and Roscommon, in the kingdom of Ireland, belonging to Henry late lord viscount Dillon, for payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act for selling the settled estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several debts and incumbrances, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

43. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of John Raymond, a bankrupt, and for applying part of the money arising by such sale as part of the said bankrupt's estate, liable to distribution amongst his creditors, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of another estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned.

44. An act for sale of divers lands and tenements in Twickenham, in the county of Middlesex, devised by the will of Paul Mansfield deceased, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and for the benefit of his grand children.

45. An act for confirming and establishing certain articles of agreement for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the tything of Broad Blunsdon in the county of Wilts, and making the same more effectual for the purposes therein mentioned.

46. An act for annexing the rectory of Glaston in the county of Rutland, to the office of master or keeper of the house or college of Saint Peter in the university of Cambridge.

47. An act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Brereton esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Salusbury.

48. An act for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler.

