Private Acts passed in 1750, 23 George 2 c.1 - c.34.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier, Peter Henry Gauvain, and others.

2. An act for naturalizing Charles Lindegren.

3. An act for naturalizing Henry Joly.

4. An act for naturalizing Germain Lavie.

5. An act for vesting in trustees certain leases and estates therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbeck, and of several lands, tenements and hereditaments to the same belonging, in the county of Lincoln, which were forfeited by James late duke of Monmouth, put in exigent upon an indictment of high treason, to the intent that the loss of the record of such indictment, and of the Capias and exigent thereon, may be supplied for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act to impower the committees of Thomas earl of Bradford, a lunatick, to lay out part of his personal estate in the purchase of lands and estates of inheritance for the purposes therein mentioned.

7. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manor of Garstang in the county of Lancaster, and of a messuage or tenement in Newbigginge in Lonsdale, in the county of Westmoreland, to trustees, in trust for the honourable Edward Walpole esquire, and his heirs, upon a full and valuable consideration to be paid for the same.

8. An act to enable Roger Mortlock, doctor in divinity, now called Roger Pettiward, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Pettiward.

9. An act to enable Beckford-Kendall esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Cater, and his issue male, to take and use the surname and arms of Cater.

10. An act for naturalizing John Peter Mandrot, Lewis Chabanel, William de Drusina, and others.

11. An act for naturalizing Isaac Stromberg, doctor in physick.

12. An act for naturalizing Engelbert Hake.

13. An act to impower the guardians of Henry earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, an infant, to make leases of his real estate during his minority.

14. An act to enable Hugh earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth countess of Northumberland and baroness Percy, his wife, and their children, progeny, and issue, to take and use the name of Percy, and bear and quarter the arms of the Percies earls of Northumberland.

15. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Sir Thomas Moystyn baronet, in the county of Anglesey, for payment of debts, and for providing a recompence to his eldest son and issue in lieu thereof.

16. An act for establishing a partition made between dame Mary Latre, and others, of divers estates in the parishes of West Thorock and Stifford, in the county of Essex, in pursuance of several orders of the high court of Chancery.

17. An act for impowering trustees to cut down and sell timber upon the estate late of John Trevor esquire, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint, for discharging his debts, and also to make leases of mines in the said counties.

18. An act for investing part of the personal estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the purchase of Lands to be settled, pursuant to an agreement in the settlement made on the marriage of Charles Churchill junior esquire, with the Lady Maria Walpole.

19. An act for Sale of the Manor of Mursley, and other Estates in the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Barker the younger Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an agreement made with him for that Purpose.

20. An act for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles Lance, deceased, to Alexander Walker Esquire.

21. An act for Sale of the Estates devised by the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Money arising thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

22. An act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made in the Marriage of Henry Walters Gentleman, and Anne his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

23. An act to impower the Executors and Trustees of Samuel Shepheard Esquire, deceased, to sell his Houses at Exning in Suffolk, and in Cavendish Square, and the Plate and Furniture thereto belonging, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, as the Court of Chancery shall direct or appoint.

24. An act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, and Anne his Wife; John Leche Esquire, and Mary his Wife; and Elizabeth Hurleston, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act to enable William Cowper Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon his present Wife, and to make Leases of certain estates in the County of Hertford.

26. An act for impowering Trustees to raise Money out of the settled Estate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him.

27. An act for vesting the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire, a Lunatic, lying in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act to sell Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Sergison Esquire, and to lay out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof.

29. An act to enable William Nisbet of Dirleton Esquire, and the Heirs of Intail for the time being, to make Leases of Lands in the County of Haddington, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for raising Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Estate of Garten Orme Esquire, in the County of Sussex, for the Payment of his Debts, and the Portion of Charlote Orme his Daughter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields and Common Grounds, called Nether Heyford Common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Stow with nine Churches, and Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures and enclosed Grounds in the said Parishes, and providing a recompense to the Rectors of the said Parishes, in lieu of Tythes.

32. An act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Culcheth in the County of Lancaster.

33. An act for securing the sole Property, Benefit and Advantage of an Engine invented by Israel Pownoll, deceased, for raising Ballast, Sullage and Sand, and for removing Banks, Shelves and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years.

34. An act for naturalizing Jacob Van Wylick.

