Private Acts passed in 1751, 24 George 2 c.1 - c.46.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Copley Esquire, with Anna Maria Brace, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act to enable Samuel Smith Esquire to take and use the Surname of Holworthy only, and bear the Coat-Armour of Matthew Holworthy Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth his Widow, also deceased.

3. An Act to enable John Heath Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duke, according to the Direction of the said Will and testament of Richard Duke Esquire, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Liotard, Daniel Richard, Daniel Ferrand, Charles Boucher and John Schnely.

5. An act for naturalizing Christopher Jacob Krauter.

6. An act for impowering the Trustees, named in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Edward Hulse Esquire, with Hannah his Wife, to lay out Part of the Trust moneys therein mentioned, in the Purchase of Reversionary Estates, as well as Lands in Possession, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, with Power to make Leases thereof, according to the Custom of the Country.

7. An Act to enable George Lane, heretofore called George Fox Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lane, pursuant to the Will of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and for inrolling the said Will, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland.

8. An Act to enable Thomas Smith, now called Thomas Panuwell, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Panuwell.

9. An Act to enable the most Noble Jane Duchess Dowager of Argyll and Greenwich to grant Leases of the Ground, and repairing Leases of the Houses and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Will of John late Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, deceased.

10. An Act for charging divers Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the City of London and County of Hertford, Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper, with raising Money towards defraying the Expenses of rebuilding the said Houses in London, burnt down and destroyed by Fire.

11. An Act for vesting divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Cork in the Kingdom of Ireland, comprised in the Marriage settlement of John Earl of Egmont, in him and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses of that Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

12. An Act for the Sale of a Capital Messuage at Bromley, and diverse Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, late the Estate of Sir Charles Peers Knt. deceased, sometime since one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and for purchasing another Estate to he settled to the Uses of his Will.

13. An Act to enable John Primrose Esquire, commonly called Lord Dalmenie, to secure a Jointure to Mary Countess of Roseberry, his Mother, and make Provisions for his Brother and Sister, out of the entailed Estate late of Sir Archibald Primrose Knight, deceased.

14. An Act for vesting the undivided twelfth Part of John Jekyll, an Infant, in the Real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purports therein mentioned.

15. An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Edmund Pleydell Esquire, in Gloucestershire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

16. An Act to enable Sir William Maxwell of Monreith Baronet, or other Heirs of Entail for the time being, to sell Lands in the County of Wigtown, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for the effectual securing of a Jointure, by way of rent charge, for Barbara Mainwaring Ellerker, Wife of Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker Esquire, and raising Portions for their younger Children, pursuant to an Agreement contained in their Marriage settlement, and for confirming and establishing the Surname of Ellerker, and the Coat of Arms of the Ellerkers, of Risby in the County of York, and the Crest granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the said Eaton Mainwaring Ellerker, and his Issue.

18. An Act for confirming a Partition of the Estate late of George Gardener Esquire, deceased, and for settling and disposing of the Lands belonging to Edward Bulstrode Esquire, upon the said Partition, for discharging Incumbrances, and for a Provision for himself, and his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement.

19. An Act to impower the Guardian or Guardians of Thomas Horner Esquire, an Infant, for the time being, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates in the County of Somerset, during his Minority, according to the Usage and Custom of the Country, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for vesting a Message and Lands in Suffolk, Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Moyle Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, towards the Purchase of another Estate of greater Value to be settled to the like Uses.

21. An Act for the better effecting the Purposes mentioned in the Will of John Michel, late of Richmond in the County of Surrey Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit and Advantage of Queen's College in the University of Oxford.

22. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Welton in the County of York, and for settling a yearly Sum on the Vicar in lieu of Tythes, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Yatton in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Farthingstone in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Meadows and Common Fen in the Manor and Parish of Dunsby in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for impowering Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, to enclose Besford Common in the County of Worcester, and for setting out and appointing proper Roads over the same; and for charging the said Common with a perpetual yearly Rent, in lieu of certain Rights and Privileges claimed by James Cocks Esquire, as Lord Paramount of the Manor of Besford.

27. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Pastures and common Grounds, within the Manor of Hutton Bushell in the County of York.

28. An Act for vesting for a certain Term of Years, in Michael Menzies Esquire, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the sole Property of a Machine, by him invented, for conveying of Coals from the Places where they are dug, to the Heaps at the Mouths of the Pits, and in some Cases from the Heaps to the Staiths or Places where they are put on Board Ships or Keels.

29. An Act to enable Wiliam Leybourne, formerly called William Leybourne Taylor, to take and use the Surname of Leybourne only, and bear the Coat of Arms of the Family of Leybourne, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle William Leybourne, deceased.

30. An Act for enabling James Langston, formerly called James Houghton, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, and bear rite Family Arms of Langston, pursuant to the Will of James Langston his Uncle, deceased.

31. An Act to enable John Fenwick, lately called John Wilson, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Fenwick only, pursuant to the Wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Fenwick.

32. An Act for naturalizing Count Stephanus Laurentius Neale.

33. An Act for establishing and confirming Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Henry Arthur Earl of Powiss, with Barbara Countess of Powis, his Wife, an Infant, and for the more effectually carrying the same into Execution,

34. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Thynne, Lord Chedworth, to settle a Jointure on Martha Parker Spinster, upon their Inter-marriage, and for making Provision for their younger Children, and for explaining the Will of Sir Philip Parker Long Baronet, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for completing the Sale of the Estate late of Francis Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased, in the County of Lincoln; and for applying the Money arising thereby pursuant to an Agreement for that purpose; for impowering the Guardians of the Heir of the said late Earl, for the time being, to make Leases of Ground and Buildings in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of such Heir.

36. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lord Viscount Kilmorey, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same, prior to his Marriage Settlement, and for laying out, the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement.

37. An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Leicester, Stafford and Derby, devised by the Will of Sarah Frowde Widow, deceased, in Ralph Blois Clerk, in Fee simple; and for settling an entire Estate in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of George Barlow Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Part of his Estate of greater Value, to the same Uses, except as therein is excepted, in lieu thereof.

39. An Act for Sale of the Estates late of William Newland Esquire, deceased, in Gatton, Rygate and Meastam in the County of Surrey, for discharging Incumbrances.

40. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the County of Stafford, of Christopher Wood Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for making and granting Leases of Lands, Tenements and Mines in the County of Cornwall, comprised in the Marriage Settlement and Will of George Courtenay Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Issue claiming under the said Settlement and Will.

42. An Act for selling Part of the settled Estate of George Courtenay Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for enabling him to make a Provision for his Wife and Children, pursuant to his Marriage Articles.

43. An Act to enable the Honourable John Fitzmaurice, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Petty, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Shelburne in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

44. An Act for enabling Richard King Stubblefield Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of King.

45. An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Baron de Soesdyk Van Cloon, Lord of Rhynwick.

46. An Act for naturalizing John Jugla, Stephan Cogigian, John Jacob Zornlin, and John Adolph Speck.

