Private Acts passed in 1752, 25 George 2 c.1 - c.41.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. An Act for enabling George Oxenden Esquire, and his Heirs, to use the Surname, Arms and Crest of Dixwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Basil Dixwell Baronet, deceased.

2. An Act for enabling William Duke of Devonshire, to make Provision for his younger Sons, out of his Estate in the County at Huntingdon.

3. An Act for supplying certain Defects and Omissions in a Settlement of the Family Estates of Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, by enabling him to raise Portions thereout for his Daughters, in the Manner therein mentioned.

4. An act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of William late Marquess of Powis, to make Sales, Exchanges, and Leases of divers Parts of his Estate, for the purposes therein mentioned, and for making the Exemplification of the same Will, and attested Copies of the Inrollment thereof, Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain.

5. An Act to enable the Right Honourable William Lord Blantyre, and the Heirs of Entail for the time being, to alienate, by way of Exchange or Excambion, certain Lands in the Constabulary of Hadington, and Shire of Edinburgh.

6. An Act for confirming a Lease or Grant, made by the Devisees of the Real Estate late of the Right Honourable Bussy, late Lord Mansel, in the County of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt Iron-master, for certain purposes therein expressed.

7. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlements of Sir William Harbord Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the like Uses in lieu, thereof.

8. An Act for providing and securing Portions and Maintenance for the younger Sons and Daughter of Sir Thomas Heathcote Baronet.

9. An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, devised by the Will of the late Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased, in the present Sir John Bland, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Trust of the said Will, and for settling an Estate in the County of York, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

10. An Act for Sale of Part of the intailed Estate of Sir George Mackenzie Knight deceased, lying in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will and Codicil of Nathaniel Bacon Esquire, deceased, in Edward Bacon Esquire, in Fee-simple, and for settling an Estate in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value to the Uses limited by the same Will and Codicil.

12. An Act to impower the Guardians of William Wyndham Esquire, an Infant, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the Manor of Uphaven, and in Lufton and Odcomhe in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, during his Minority.

13. An Act for Sale of the Moiety of the Manor of Icombe, Part of the settled Estate of Richard Hopton Esquire, and others, and laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of an entire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

14. An Act to impower the Committee or Committees of Thomas Southcote Esquire, a Lunatic, for the Time being, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of his Estates, in the Counties of Berks, Essex and Surry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for vesting the Real Estate of William Barnesley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Benefit of William Barnesly Esquire, his only Son and Heir, who is a Lunatic; and for raising Money to pay the Costs of several Suits and Proceedings at Law, and in Equity, brought for Recovery of the said Estate.

16. An Act for vesting the Manor of Stepney, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Wicker Esquire, in him and his Heirs, and for settling Lands in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of that Settlement.

17. An Act to impower John Prrston Merchant, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage.

18. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to compound with George Whitehead of Bristol, Merchant, and his Sureties, John whitehead and Thomas Whitehead, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

19. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Lascelles of London, Merchant, with Elizabeth Southwicke, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Benson Gentleman, with Jane Board his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to Trustees, in Trust for Thomas Orly Hunter Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same.

22. An Act to extinguish the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, of keeping a Warren for Conies on Linall Common, the Birchin Valley, and the Lyth, and for securing to the said Lord the Rent now paid for the same; and for annexing and uniting the said Birchin Valley to several ancient Copyholds, or customary Tenements, within the said Manor.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Meadows of Narborow, otherwise Narborough, in the County of Leicester,

24. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Ridley, in the County of Northumberland.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Hamlet of Drayton, within the Parish of Daventry, in the County of Northampton.

26. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for the inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the townships of Snaith, Cowick and Rawcliffe, in the County of York.

27. An Act for inclosing and dividing Wytham on the Hill Infield, in the County of Lincoln, and for settling a Stipend on the Vicar in lieu of Glebe and Tythes.

28. An Act to impower Richard Chandler Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Cavendish.

29. An Act to enable John Cave, now called John Browne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Browne.

30. An Act to enable Michael Archer Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Newton only, and to take and use the Coat of Arms of the Family of Newton.

31. An Act for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon.

32. An Act for naturalizing Francis Degen.

33. An Act for naturalizing John Matthias Miller.

34. An Act for naturalizing Frederick William Commerell, John Anthony Toopkin and Christian Gottlieb Moser.

35. An Act for naturalizing Christian Samuel Geledneki.

36. An Act for naturalizing Philip Denoyer.

37. An Act for naturalizing James Fremeaux Merchant.

38. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Girardot.

39. An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol and David Pratviel of London, Merchants.

40. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques, and Frederick Charles Augustus Blomberg.

41. An Act for naturalizing Johan Meybohm.

