Private Acts passed in 1753, 26 George 2 c.1 - c.47.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffgaard.

2. An Act to enable John Peploe Birch, an Infant, heretofore called John Peploe, to take and use the Surname of Peploe Birch only, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Birch Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for enabling Abraham Charleton Esquire, now called Abraham Cumberbatch, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Cumberbatch.

4. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boumeester, James Rilliet, Anthony Bertrand, Frederick Teise, Francis Brouzet and George Grand.

5. An Act to naturalise John Henry Schoen, Peter Rodolph, George Alexander Fatio, William Du Bois, William Konink and Henry Klausing.

6. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Valk.

7. An Act for naturalizing Beat Rodolph Victor Nerbel.

8. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Earl of Shelburne in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An Act for settling a yearly Rent on the Rector of Pusey in the County of Berks, and his Successors, in lieu of his Tythes, and Part of his Glebe, and vesting the said Tythes and Glebe in John Allen Pusey Esquire, and his Heirs.

10. An Act for Sale of diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Gloucester, devised by the Will of Alice Gilbert, Spinster, for raising Money to discharge several Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses of her Will.

11. An Act for Sale of an undivided Share of Tythes in the Isle of Wight, settled on John Foyle Small, Mary Small his Wife, and John Small their Son, an Infant, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Estate in the County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act to enable Theodore William Inge Esquire, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate, situate in or near Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

13. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Canswick, alias Watlas Moor in the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, inclosing and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Common Grounds, Pasture or Feeding Grounds, and all other the Lands lying open in the Parish of Quennington in the County of Gloucester.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Open and Arable Fields, Meadows and Waste Grounds in the Hamlet of Hinton in the Parish of Woodford cum Membris In the County of Northampton.

16. An Act to naturalise John James Schweighauser, David Girard, Christian Von Hohendorff, John Lewis Andre and Andrew Sellon.

17. An Act for naturalizing of John David Barlutt and Fortunatus Planta.

18. An Act to naturalise Mary Sybella Harrison.

19. An Act for vesting the undivided twelfth Part of Ann Jekyll, an Infant, in the Real Estate of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery.

20. An Act for vesting one undivided fourth Part of Elizabeth Knight, of and in diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, late the Estate of Robert Plompton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for vesting the Estate of Edmund Moreton Pleydell Esquire, in Trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to the Marriage of Edmund Moreton Pleydell the younger, Esquire, with Anne his Wife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act to enable Evelyn Chadwicke Esquire, and his Wife, and their Issue, to make Building Leases of Part of his settled Estate in the Parishes of Saint James, Westminster, and Saint Martin in the Fields.

23. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles for the Sale of the Manor, or reputed Manor, and diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at Kexby in the County of York, late the Estate of Charles Headlam Esquire, deceased, and for vesting the undivided third Part or Share of Ann Headlam, Spinster, an Infant, of and in the said Manor and Premises, in Trustees, in Trust to convey the same pursuant to the said Articles, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for confirming an Agreement between George Pitt Esquire, and the Rector of the Church of Stratfieldsea in the County of Southampton, for Exchange of Lands in the said Parish, and to enable George Pitt to take down the present, and erect a new Parish Church there; and for making Roads to the said Church.

25. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stillington, and Stephen Croft Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Ennever Gentleman, with Mary Cornwell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for exchanging, dividing, inclosing and reducing into Severalty, the Lands, Common Grounds, Pastures, Feeding Grounds, and other the Lands and Grounds lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Eastlech-martin, otherwise Botherup in the County of Gloucester, and for making a Recompense in compensation to the Rector in lieu of his Tythes and Glebe Lands.

28. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Common and Waste Grounds in the Manor of Loathley in the County of York.

29. An Act for inclosing and dividing certain wastes and Commons in the Manor of Hexham in the County of Northumberland.

30. An Act for enabling John Latchmore, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Frye.

31. An Act for naturalizing Christian Maurice Rodatz.

32. An Act for Sale of an Estate at Bretherton in the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Will of John late Earl of Ashburnham deceased, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of several Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, belonging to Sir Cyril Wich Baronet, Elizabeth Wilson and Mary Burton respectively, and a Settlement made thereof, for the Benefit of the several Parties entitled to the several undivided Shares thereof before such Partition.

34. An Act to impower the Guardians of Francis Fitz Roy Scudamore, an Infant, to make Building Leases of her Estate in Southwark in the County of Surry.

35. An Act for sale of the undivided Moieties of diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk, the settled Estate of Matthew Manning, Doctor in Physick, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

36. An Act for vesting the Parts or Shares late belonging to Benjamin Brain, Merchant, deceased, of and in one twenty-fourth Part of the Eastern Division of the Province of New Jersey in America, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act for vesting the Advowson of Long Ditton in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Rawstorn Esquire, at Basseldon in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

39. An Act to enable John Craigie of Dumbarine Esquire, to sell Lands in the County of Perth, and lay out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said John Craigie in the County of Fife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act to impower William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Wilts, and for vesting the Moneys arising by Fines to be received for such Leases, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Valentine Knightley, Esquire, in the County of Northampton, in the said Valentine Knightly, and his Heirs, and for settling other Estates in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

42. An Act for confirming the Will of Littleton Pointz Meynell Esquire, deceased, and for making Provision for Godfrey Meynell Esquire, his eldest Son and Heir, and Judith

Meynell his Daughter; and for enabling Hugo Meynell Esquire, his second Son and Devisee, to make a Jointure during his Minority, and for settling the Estates of the said Littleton Pointz Meynell to the Uses therein mentioned.

43. An Act for raising Money by Sale of the Estates late of Hugh Fowler of Robestone, in the county of Pembroke, Esquire, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid.

44. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Low, Esquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to compound with John Philpot and John Hutchinson, and their Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Felton Common, in the Parish of Felton, in the County of Northumberland.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Hilmorton, in the County of Warwick.

