Private Acts passed in 1754, 27 George 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 21.
---

1. An act to enable John Grainger esquire, and his heirs to take and use the surname of Leman, and to bear the arms of Sir William Leman deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, Peter Guinard, and others.

3. An act for naturalizing Frederick Von Gebren.

4. An act for naturalizing Casper Grevenkop.

5. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the vicar of Gilling, and James Shuttleworth esquire, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for vesting the estate of William Kemp esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold pursuant to articles, and for applying the purchase-money for the benefit or the children of the said William Kemp, in such manner as is directed by the said articles.

7. An act to impower the committee of the estate of Elizabeth Kitchen widow, a lunatick, one of the sisters and coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman baronet, deceased, to make leases of her estate during her lunacy.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing part of a certain waste or common, called Symondburn Common in the manor and parish of Symonburn, in the county of Northumberland.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common pieces, common grounds, and waste ground, in the manor and parish of Welton, in the county of Northampton.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common, or Shildon Moor, within the manor and barony of Bywell, in the county of Northumberland.

11. An act for establishing and rendering effectual certain articles of agreement for inclosing and dividing the common fields, and common grounds in the manor and parish of Normanton, in the county of Lincoln.

12. An act to enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson a debt due to the crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are sureties.

13. An act to enable John Lade, heretofore called John Inskip, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Lade only, pursuant to the will of Sir John Lade, baronet, deceased.

14. An act for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, merchant, and Amy Rilliet.

15. An act for naturalizing John Ulric Commerell.

16. An act for naturalizing Paul Bonifas.

17. An act to enable William lord Cavendish of Hardwick, to take in England the oath of office of high treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal enjoyment of the said office.

18. An act for sale of a capital messuage in Lincoln's Inn fields, in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex, and the garden ground and out-houses thereunto belonging (part of the estate of the most noble Charles late duke of Somerset, deceased) and vesting the same in Edmund Browne of Lincolm's Inn esquire, and his heirs for ever, and for laying out the purchase-money in lands and hereditaments to be settled to the like uses, and upon the like trusts, as the said capital messuage and premisses are now settled, and subject unto.

19. An act for vesting the manor of Hendon, settled on the marriage of the earl and countess of Powis on them and their issue, in trustees, to be sold towards discharging the debts and incumbrances of Wiliam late marquis of Powis; and for settling the barony and lordship of Powis, in the county of Montgomery, in lieu, thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for rectifying a mistake in a conveyance in fee-farm, made by Henry Arthur earl of Powis, of the manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers towns, lands and hereditaments, in the county of Kerry, and making the same conveyance effectual for the purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Somerset, contracted to be sold by Hugh late earl of Clinton, in his life-time, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several purchasers thereof, pursuant to their contracts.

22. An act for impowering trustees to cut down and sell timber standing and growing upon the estate of inheritance of Thomas James lord Bulkeley, viscount Cashels, in the kingdom of Ireland, an infant, in order to raise money for discharging incumbrances affecting the said estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act to enable Charles Fitzroy Scudamore esquire, to take in Great Britain the oath of office as cursitor, or clerk, or ingrosser of original writs issuing out of his Majesty's high court of Chancery in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the enjoyment of the said office.

24. An act for vesting the estate of George Pitt esquire in the county of Suffolk, and part of his estate in the isle of Purbeck, in the county of Dorset, in trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the purchase-money for discharging incumbrances affecting his settled estate, and for making recompence to him for the charges and expenses or making buildings and improvements upon the same estate.

25. An act for vesting the undivided sixth part of Robert Colebrooke esquire, of and in the manor of Goldstone, and divers lands in the parish of Ash in the county of Kent, in trustees, and their heirs, to enable them to make such conveyances thereof, as shall be necessary for effecting a partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke, and the owners of the other undivided parts of the same manor and premisses.

26. An act for impowering Ann Speke an infant, to make leases and copyhold grants of her estates in the county of Somerset, during her minority, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for sale of the settled estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph baronet, in the county of Stafford, and city and county of the city of Litchfield, for raising money to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses therein mentioned.

28. An act for vesting certain estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollaston baronet, an infant, situate in the isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise money for the payment of his sisters portions, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for vesting the estates of John Rowel Pryce esquire in the county of Montgomery, comprised in his marriage articles, in trustees, to raise money by sale of part thereof, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling other part thereof pursuant to the said articles.

30. An act for vesting a lease granted by the dean and chapter of Canterbury, to Ann Tenison widow, deceased, of the manor of Elverton, with the appurtenances, in the county of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy, and Samuel Smith, in trust for Thomas Tenison, an infant, and his heirs, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for sale of part of the settled estates of Robert Barber esquire, for discharging debts and incumbrances, and for impowering him to sell and exchange other parts of the settled estates for the purchasing and acquiring other lands of equal or greater value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An act for exempting and exonerating the estates devised by the will of William Huddleston esquire, deceased, to be sold, from the jointure on Gertrude Rigby, wife of Townley Rigby esquire, and for charging an annuity or rent-charge of equal value on the estates entailed by the said will, and more effectually to enable the trustees of the said William Huddleston to execute the trusts reposed in them by the said will.

33. An act for establishing and rendering effectual several settlements and agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, esquire, deceased, for making a provision for his mother and wife, and their children respectively.

34. An act for vesting part of the estate of Charles Daly esquire, in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees to be sold for the payment of incumbrances affecting the same, prior to his marriage settlement.

35. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Wymondesold Esq; with Henrietta Knight his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

36. An act to dissolve the marriage of Peter Henley esquire, with Susannah Roberts his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Maydwell with Catherine Perrin his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act for naturalizing Mary Noguir widow, and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the estate devised by the will of John Noguier her husband, to make a provision for Anthony Noguier her only son and heir.

39. An for naturalizing Charles Shreiber and Jean Francois Maximillien de Cerjat.

