Private Acts passed in 1755, 28 George 2 c.1 - c.55.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waite Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great Harborough in the County of Warwick.

2. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Mello, John Swiccard Heinzelman and James Banal.

3. An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Uses and Agreements, to which at present it stands limited and appointed, upon Trust, to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a General repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned.

4. An Act to impower the Executors of Augustus, late Earl of Berkeley, to make Leases of his Estates in Gloucestershire, during the Minority of his Children.

5. An Act for vesting a Copyhold messuage or Tenement in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, devised by the Will of Mary, late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the Lady Jane Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses appointed by the said Will.

6. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Principal of Saint Mary Magdalen Hal! in the University of Oxford, and Ellis Saint John Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Southmoreton in the County of Berks, for the alternate Presentation of the Church of Finchamstead in the said County.

7. An Act for exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of Christ's Hospital, and John Leman Esquire.

8. An Act for explaining and making more effectual a Power contained in the Will of Sir William Morice baronet, for making Leases of his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

9. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Stradling Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Somerset, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for selling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Ibbetson Baronet, and vesting other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with some other Lands, whereof he is seized in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for confirming and establishing the Partition of the Estates, late of Sir George Chudleigh, and Dame Frances his Wife, Tryphena Davie, and John Pollexfen Esquire, and for settling the several specific Shares thereof, resulting from the said Partition, to and for the several Uses and Purposes for which the several undivided Parts thereof were vested and settled before the said Partition, and for authorising Leases to be made of diverse Parts of the premises.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing the Partition of the Estates late of Stephen Northleigh Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Susannah Yarde Widow, Dame Frances Chudleigh, and Tryphena Davie Spinster, and for settling the several specifick Shares and Allotments thereof upon; and for the Benefit of the several Parties entitled to the several undivided Shares of the said Estates, before the said Partition, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for vesting diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Marriage of Peter Leheup the younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

14. An Act for vesting certain Houses and Tenements at Wendover in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in such Manner as the residue; of his personal Estate is by his Will directed to be applied.

15. An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Robert Stansfield Esquire in the County of York, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the like Uses.

16. An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Worcester, late the Estate of Thomas Mason deceased, pursuant to an Agreement, and for applying the Money arising thereby, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for rectifying and supplying several Defects and Omissions in certain Common Recoveries, suffered by Edward Spelman Esquire.

18. An Act for rectifying and supplying a Mistake and Omission in a Settlement made of the Estate of Mary Blewitt Widow, on the Marriage of Edmond Blewitt, her eldest Son, and for settling the said Estate on his Issue Male, and for raising Portions for his younger Brothers.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Fraunceis Kirkham, and Damaris his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same, prior to their Marriage Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Parish of Branchaster in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and sheep walk over the said Field and Breeks, and over certain Half-year Closes and Pieces of Common in the said Manor and Parish, and for granting another Right of Common to the Owners of certain dwelling houses in the Manor and Parish aforesaid.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and certain Lands lying dispersed in the half year Closes belonging to the Manor of Swanton with Worthing, within the Parishes of Swanton Morley and Worthing in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and sheep walk over the said Fields and half year Closes, and over certain Lands called the Breeks, lying within the said Manor and Parishes.

22. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors and Greens in the Lordship of Stillingfeet in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stillingfleet aforesaid, in lieu of the Great and Small Tythes belonging to the said Rectory and Vicarage.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Kenilworth in the County of Warwick.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, commongrounds and Waste Ground in the Manor and Parish of Churchover in the County of Warwick.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures or Commons in the Township of Slingsby in the County of York.

26. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows and a cow pasture in Knighton in the County of Leicester.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures or Commons in the Township of Nunburnholme in the County of York.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Daventry in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Calverly in the West Riding of the County of York.

30. An Act for the inclosing, dividing and exchanging the Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Grounds in the Townships of Marsk and Redcarr, within the manor of Marsk in Cleveland in the North Riding of the County of York; and for providing a certain Recompense to the Vicar of Marsk, in lieu of his Tythes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe.

31. An Act to enable John Freston Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Scrivener.

32. An Act to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Killican, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of Jonathan Blackwell deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were born by the said Jonathan Blackwell.

33. An Act to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue by Sophia his Wife (late Sophia Edwards) to take and use the Surname of Colston, pursuant to the Will of Edward Colston Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were born by the said Edward Colston.

34. An Act to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased.

35. An Act to enable Wenman Coke, heretofore called Wenman Roberts Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said Wenman Coke, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke.

36. An Act to enable William Lowndes Stone Esquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Catharine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Stone, pursuant to the Will of Francis Low Esquire, deceased.

37. An Act to enable Christopher Soulsby Esquire, now called Christopher Reed, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed.

38. An Act to enable the Honourable Harbottle Grimson Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Luckyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Harbottle Luckyn Baronet, and Edward Luckyn Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Otto Ewald Setler, Albert Mablstede and John Conraid Heinzelmann.

40. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Nuffen.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Trust for Richard Crowle Esquire, in Exchange for Houses and Lands near his Majesty's Palace of Windsor, and for other Consideration to be paid for the same.

42. An Act for establishing an Exchange of diverse Lands and Tythes in Myton in the county of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an agreement between the Lord Archbishop of York, as Appropriator; the Bishop of Norwich, Lessee of the Rectory, Henry Herd Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church; and Sir Byran Staplyton, Lord of the Manor of Myton aforesaid.

43. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of diverse Lands in Little Leak in the County of Nottingham, pursuant to an Agreement between Francis Lord Middleton and Robert Bird Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, in trustees, to be sold for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same uses.

45. An Act to impower Edward Walter Esquire, and diverse other Persons claiming under the Wills of his Grandfather and Brother respectively, to make Leases of the several Lands and Hereditaments purchased, and to be purchased, since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the same.

46. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edmund Bramston Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in Trustees, for raising several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for vesting the Manor of North Weston, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, the Estate of Francis Clerke Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Caldecot Esquire, with raising Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances; and for limiting his unsettled Estate so charged to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

49. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Morgan Esquire, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing Osmotherley Moor, or Common, in the County of York, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing Breaston Cow Pasture in the County of Derby.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Hawling in the County of Gloucester.

53. An Act for naturalizing Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana Constantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Catherina Fremeaux and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of eighteen Years.

54. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman.

55. An Act for naturalizing John Ulric Passavant.

