Private Acts passed in 1756, 29 George 2 c.1 - c.54.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. AN Act for naturalizing John David Fatio.

2. An Act for naturalizing Jens Pedersen.

3. An Act for the Sale of several Lands in Bedford Level, the Estate of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and Katherine Countess of Lincoln his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value; and settling the said Lands so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the said Lands to be sold are now settled, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollaston Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln and Norfolk, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged to raise Money for Payment of his Sisters Portions, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for impowering Esther Hanmer, an Infant, to settle her Estates, pursuant to Articles entered into in Consideration of a Marriage agreed upon between Asheton Curzon Esquire, and the said Esther Hanmer.

6. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, late the Estate of Thomas Walker Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee Simple, subject to the raising Portions for his younger Brother and Sisters.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Field, called Radway Field, within the town ship of Radway, in the County of Warwick.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Common Grounds in the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Paftuies, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Houghton and Pisford, in the County of Northampton.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows and Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the Forest, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the Vicar of Sutton aforesaid.

11. An Act to enable Robert Alynors Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gouge, deceased.

12. An Act to enable William Wiggett, Esquire, now called William Bulwer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and arms of Bulwer, pursuant to the Will of William Bulwer Esquire, deceased.

13. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Stemann, Peter Otte, Godfrey Molling, and Christian Meyer, Henry Bielfield, John Peter Blaquiere, and Matthew Lichigaray.

14. An Act for naturalizing Jost David Esternod.

15. An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of Blanford, during the Life of his Father the Duke of Marlborough, and for rebuilding the said Duke's House at Langley in the County of Bucks; and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke in Trust for his younger Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Wellbore Ellis Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

17. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Earl of Burlington and Cork, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

18. An Act for vesting the Capital Message of Halsted, and divers Lands in Kent, Part of the settled Estate of Vere Lord Vere, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Robert Bagshaw Esquire, the Purchaser thereof, pursuant to Articles, and for settling another Estate in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

19. An Act for raising Money out of the Estates of Ralph Lane Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrance affecting the same; and for applying Part of the Personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane, his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the Cambridgeshire Estate, to be settled pursuant to her Will.

20. An Act for vesting certain Adjudications now vested in the Crown by the Conviction or Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie of Fraserdale, in Hugh McLeod of Genies Esquire.

21. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Parson Gentleman, and Honour his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for younger Children, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement.

22. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Farms, in the County of Surry, settled upon the Marriage of Richard Dickson Shine Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement.

23. An Act to enable Theodore Henry Broadhead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and devised to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead, Esquire, deceased.

24. An Act for vesting the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper, and Henry Roper, who are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the purchase money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery.

25. An Act for selling the settled Estate of Thomas Folliott Baugh Esquire, in the County of Hereford, and for settling another Estate of greater Value, to the Uses of his Grandfather's Will, and his own Marriage Settlement, respectively.

26. An Act for enabling the Master and Fellows of Katherine Hall, in the University of Cambridge, to purchase, settle and dispose of Tenements and Grounds for the making and erecting an additional Building to their College or Hall, for the Reception and Maintenance of six Fellows and ten Scholars, founded by the Will of Mary Ramsden, deceased; for empowering any Corporation within the said University, to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements, for that and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

27. An Act for enabling Ann Coryton, Elizabeth Goodall, and William Goodall, to make Leases of several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of John Coryton and others, the Infant Children of Peter Coryton Esquire, deceased.

28. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger, Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees for raising a Sum of Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrances.

29. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Tythes, Cottages and Lands, for a Messuage, Farms, lands, and Common of Pasture in Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall, and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, John Eaton Clerk, and Francis Page Esquire; also for giving Power to the said Francis Page, and others, claiming under the Will of Sir Francis Page Knight, deceased, to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives with whom they may intermarry.

30. An Act for Sale of the Manor and Capital Message of Tadworth, and diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire deceased, and purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses in his Will.

31. An Act for vesting the Estates of Evelyn Charles Francke, and Edward Francke Esquires, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging a Mortgage affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke respectively.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act to impower Sir John Molesworth Baronet, and Joseph Moyle Esquire, two of the surviving Trustees, in an Indenture dated the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, to raise the several Sums in the said Indenture mentioned, or such of them as are still unsatisfied, and pay the same, as well as the rest of the personal Estate of Hugh Gregor deceased, to such Person as Jane Gregor, an Infant, shall marry during her Infancy, with the Consent of the said surviving Trustees, and of her Guardians.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover, with Hannah Nunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several Common Fields in the Township of Warthill, in the County of York, and for giving compensations to the Rector of Holtby, in the same County, and the Vicar of Warthill aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes and certain Ecclesiastical Dues.

36. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry.

37. An Act for inclosing diverse Parcels of Waste Grounds or commons in Ellell, in the County of Lancaster.

38. An Act for inclosing and dividing Tinwell Fields, in the County of Rutland, and for settling a Stipend on the Rector in lieu of Glebe and Tythes.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Weston cum Membris, and Prebend of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Common Grounds in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunsmore, io the County of Warwick.

41. An Act for authorising and impowering John Riley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Wheelwright, instead of the Surname of Riley.

42. An Act to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased.

43. An Act for naturalizing Peter Bonnet.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul.

45. An Act for vesting the Manor of Dantsey, and Hundred of Chippenham, and diverse Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Estates of Charles Earl of Peterborow and Monmouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for Sale of the Estate of James Lord Cranstoun, in the County of Northumberland, settled on his Marriage for the Benefit of Sophia Lady Cranstoun, and their Issue, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same; and also towards disincumbering his Estate in Scotland, settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady Cranstoun, and the Issue of that Marriage.

47. An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by or on the Behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life Time for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chester, and for applying the Purchase Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

48. An Act for vesting the Manor of Northall, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and devised by the Will of William Peer Williams his Father, respectively in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out Money arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Uses of that Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for vesting diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake Delaval Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Wrightson Mundy Esquire, in the County of Leicester for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby, and for settling the Derbyshire Estate so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned.

51. An Act for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon, and for vesting and settling the intire Premises, which on such Partition were allotted to the said John Leman and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham respectively, to the Uses therein mentioned.

52. An Act for dividing the Common Fields of Egleton, alias Edgeton, in the County of Rutland.

53. An Act to enable John Thornhaugh Esquire, now called John Hewett, and his descendents, to take and use the Surname of Hewett, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Hewett Knight, deceased.

54. An Act for naturalizing Francis Jalabert, an Infant, under the Age of eighteen Years.

