Private Acts passed in 1757, 30 George 2 c.1 - c.59.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An Act to enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the til Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Coghill, pursuant to the Will of Marmaduke Coghill Esquire, deceased, and to bear the Family Arms of Coghill.

2. An Act to enable the Reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Durand, and Bartholomew Rilliet.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Falwasser.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Prior's Hardwick, in the County of Warwick.

6. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Meadows and Pastures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of Burcheter, otherwise Burcester, otherwise Bissiter Market End, in the County of Oxford, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Common Meadows, Common Pastures and enclosed Grounds, in the said Township.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing two several Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing Northwood Hanchurch Heath, and Toft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trentharn, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Gound, called Whitgift Pasture, in the County of York; and for giving a Compensation in lieu of Tithes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory of Whitgift aforesaid.

10. An Act for varying and postponing certain Limitations in a Grant made by King Charles the Second, of a Duty on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond, Lenox and Aubigny, to make a Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce.

11. An Act for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the Right Honourable Ann Fitzroy, commonly called Countess of Euston, Wife of the Right Honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Euston, out of certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the two and twentieth Day of October in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said Right Honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Euston.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate and Interest late of Robert Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament, for maintaining a light house on the Edystone Rock, in Trustees, in Trust to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said light house.

13. An Act to empower the Warden and Society of The King's Town, of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, to grant Part of a Common called Sutton Coldfield Park, unto Simon Luttrell Esquire, and his Heirs.

14. An Act to enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire, a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Estate for the Time being, to make Leases of the Parts and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, devised by the Will of Sir William Maurice, deceased, during the Continuance of the said lunatick's Interest therein.

15. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of Stragglethorpe, within the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish, for the Glebe Lands and Tithes in Stragglethorpe aforesaid.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common, Open and Arable Fields and Waste Grounds, in Earlstone, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands within the Township of Piddington, in the County of Oxford.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Pastures and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Wingerworth, and in the Hamlet of Tupton, in the Parish of North Wingfield respectively, in the County of Derby.

19. An Act to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Payler.

20. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Thompsons.

21. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments lying nearer to his Estate in the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester and Warwick to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

22. An Act for discharging John Lord Trevor, Executor of Thomas Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of eight thousand and eight hundred Pounds, agreed by the said Thomas Lord Trevor, to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord Trevor, of the said eight thousand and eight hundred Pounds, towards the discharge of the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, charged on the Manor of Bromham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bedford.

23. An Act for impowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour, and Thomas Arundell his Brother, both Infants, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of their several Estates, during their respective Minorities,

24. An Act for impowering Henry Viscount Irwin, George Ingram his Brother, and Charles Ingram, his Nephew, to settle Part of the said Viscount Irwin's Estate, upon the Marriage of the said Charles Irwin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested in the Rector and principal professors and Masters of the University and College of Glasgow.

26. An Act to empower Sir John Shaw Baronet, to make a Partition, during the Minority of John Shaw, his Infant Son, of certain Premises devised to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaw Widow, deceased.

27. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of George Chafin the elder, and George Chafin the younger, Esquires; in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, for Payment of their Debts; and for rendering a Power in a certain Settlement therein mentioned, for making Jointures more effectual; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act for vesting certain Tithes and hereditaments in the Isle of Wight, the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Bagster Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for confirming the Title of William Welby Esquire, to certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, purchased of Francis Fysher Esquire; and for vesting and settling other Estates of the said Francis Fysher, in the said County, upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act to enable Lilias Montgomerie of Skehnorly, to sell Lands in the County of Renfrew; and to lay out the Moneys arising thereby, in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for enabling Mary Hearle Widow, Thomas Hearle Clerk, and John Rogers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, Infants, to make Leases of several Estates in the County of Cornwall, and also Sets and Leases of the Mines therein; and to carry on Adventures during the Minority of the said Infants.

32. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, for the dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Township of Bishopthorpe, in the County of the City of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolfhampcote, in the County of Warwick.

34. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Town Fields of West Matsen, and a small Common or Waste Ground thereto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Pryors Marston in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fulford in the County of York.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Common Ground in the Manor of Strenfall in the County of York, and for giving Compensation to the Prebendary of Strenfall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfall, in lieu of their respective Tithes and Ecclesiastical Dues out of the said Parcel of Ground.

38. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Common Grounds in Pocklington in the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise  Bishop Thornton moor stinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor of Bishop Thornton, with Bishopside in the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and Arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds in the Parish of Loxley in the County of Warwick.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Grounds and Meadows in the Manor and parish of Baumber, otherwise Bamburgh in the County of Lincoln.

42. An Act to didolve the Marriage of the Honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, with Ann Vane his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act to didolve the Marriage of Thomas Nuthall Gentleman, with Lucy Scott his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Durade.

45. An Act to ascertain, establish and confirm the Boundaries of the Manors and Parishes of North Mims and Northaw, so far as the same extends to and upon the several Commons called North Mims and Northaw Common in the County of Hertford.

46. An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey the Manor of Blacktoft, and diverse Lands and Tenements in the County of York; and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

47. An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Part of his Estate in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement with the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brook; and for applying the purchase money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the same.

48. An Act for carrying into Execution Articles of Agreement, entered into before, and in Consideration of the Marriage of Crisp Molineux Esquire, with Katharine Montgomery his now Wife.

49. An Act for vesting the settled estates of Lillie Smith Aynscomeb Esquire, and Valentina his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such sale, in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

50. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Henry Clivers Vince Esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances directed to be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery.

51. An Act for vesting diverse Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Estate late of George Davison deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers or Mortgagees thereof, or unto such other Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrel in the County of Warwick.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Wastes, and also several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds lying within the Manor of Wimeswould in the County of Leicester.

54. An Act for confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Catherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surry, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London, and for vesting and settling the entire Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned.

55. An Act to impower Elizabeth, the Wife of Henry Thomas Carr Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of three thousand Pounds, towards the Payment of the said lunatick's Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William Thompson Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County.

57. An Act for impowering the Receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs to release and discharge the Estate and effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy against them, of a Sum of Money therein mentioned.

58. An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel Dodington, and his Heirs Male, to take and use, in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursuant to the Will of George Dodington Esquire, deceased.

59. An Act to enable James Newsam Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Graggs.
