Private Acts passed in 1758, 31 George 2 c.1 - c.42.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver-general and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Injoyment of the said Offices.

2. An act for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, standing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Commissioners for building fifty new Churches, unto the respective Rectors of eight of those Churches, and for vesting certain Sites for Churches purchased by the said Commissioners, in Trustees, in order to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, to sell and dispose of the Cargo of the Ship the Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to enable the said United Company to purchase, land, sell and dispose of the same, or any Part thereof; and to empower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker, to make Insurances upon the said Ship and Cargo.

4. An act to enable Mary Woollett Spinster (notwithstanding her Infancy) upon her Marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot Esquire, to settle and convey her Estate and Interest in certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, and in two several Sums of two thousand Pounds, and three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned.

5. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire, with Dorothea Pilkington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Commons called Brancepeth, and Stockley Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Brancepeth in the County of Durham.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds within the same Fields.

8. An act for naturalizing George Clifford.

9. An act for vesting the Forests and Manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Sussex and Wilts, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the Estates, Uses and Trusts, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamsterly, in the Manor of Walsingham in the County of Durham.

11. An act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines between Charles Duke of Queensbury and Dover, of the one Part; and Ronald Crawfurd, James Crawfurd, and Daniel Telfer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contract.

12. An act to enable John Earl of Egment, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement by Mortgage, instead of Sale of Part of his Irish Estate.

13. An act for selling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of Lands and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Countess of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton respectively, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof.

14. An act to enable Sir Maurice Crosbie Knight, or any future Guardian of Francis Thomas Earl of Kerry and Lixnaw, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Minor, to discharge an Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coal Mines in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of the said Earl.

15. An act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by or on Behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his lifetime, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Anglesey; for applying the purchase money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

16. An act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free School at Kirkleatham in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessions and Revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased.

17. An act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution.

18. An act for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs, several intailed Estates in the County of York, in order that the same may be sold; and for the settling another Estate in the said County of York to the like Uses.

19. An act for vesting Part of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

20. An act to vest Part of the settled Estate of Penyston Powney Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in Real Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

21. An act to dissolve the Marriage of George Foster Tuffnell Esquire, with Elizabeth Foster his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Wagon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York, with Coals.

23. An act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York.

24. An act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, common Meadow, Commons and waste Grounds, in the townships of Brampton and Sawden, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

25. An act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing two stinted pastures or Commons called Settle Banks, High Scarr, and Scaleber within the Township of Settle, in the County of York.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor or Newton Common, within the Manor of Newton cum Benninbrough, in the County of York.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick.

28. An act for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadow Grounds, and common Pastures, in the Manor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heaths, and waste Ground, of Upper Boddington, and Lower Boddington, within the Parish of Upper Boddington, in the County of Northampton, and for settling a Rate or certain annual Sum of Money to be paid in lieu of the Tithes of certain old Enclosures within the said Parish.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Woodford, otherwise Half Woodford, in the County of Northampton.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and Arable Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hareby, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Ground, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Helmdon, in the County of Northampton.

34. An act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick; and also for erecting and working one or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, in the Hamlet, Township, or Village of Upton, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks.

36. An act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields in the Parish of Edithweston, in the County of Rutland.

37. An act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanque, and Nicholas Baptist Aubert.

38. An act for naturalizing John Baptist D'abbadie.

39. An act for separating Lawrence Earl Ferrers from Mary Countess Ferrers his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl and for settling a Maintenance for the said Countess, our of the Estate of the said Earl.

40. An act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

41. An act for Sale of the Estates of Marmaduke Gwynne Esquire, in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act for naturalizing John Knight.
