Private Acts passed in 1759, 32 George 2 c.1 - c.60.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ecton, in the County of Northampton.

2. An act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worsley Mill, and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worsley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable, Meadow, Pasture and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Honington, in the County of Warwick.

4. An act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Bentley and Arksey, and Parish of Arksey, in the County of York.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, Meadow, Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Preston upon Stower, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing several common Fields and Grounds within the Manor of Fillingham, in the County of Lincoln.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within (he Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick.

10. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire, with Susannah Cooper his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act to enable Christopher Codrington Esquire, now called Christopher Bethell, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to the Will of Slingsby Bethell Esquire deceased.

12. An act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Bootle, unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle Esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle his Wife, and their Issue, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased.

13. An act to enable Thomas Peckham Esquire and his Issue to take and use the Surname of Fowle.

14. An act to enable John Coant Gentleman, and his if fuc to take and use the Surname of Wakelin.

15. An act for naturalizing Casper Schombart, John Spitta, Gysbert Van Voorst, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Harksen, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Laurence Richter.

16. An act for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Harrison, and Samuel Bernard Graff.

17. An act for naturalizing Phillippus Willem Cassimir Van Straubenzee Esquire.

18. An act for exemplifying or inrolling an Indenture of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils of the late Earl of Arran deceased, and making the same Evidence as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing one open and common Field called Neithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land called Bull's Close, the Hooks Common, Balkes Leys, White Post, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Causeways, and Ley, within the Township and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Bambury, in the County of Oxford.

20. An act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or Waste Grounds called Redness and Swinefleet Pastures, in the County of York.

21. An act for vesting diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of Kingston, in the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

22. An act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the most Noble John Duke of Bedford, and Ambrose Reddall Gentleman, Judy his Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child.

23. An act for vesting Part of the Estates intailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the like Uses; and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said duke's Estates, in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children.

24. An act for settling the Real and Leasehold Estates of the most Honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called Marchioness of Carnarvon, Wife of the most Honourable James Brydges Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret Nicoll, Spinster, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Marchioness, and their Issue; for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Marchioness for the Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for empowering Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, and Barbara Countess of Powis, to make Leases of the Estate late of William Marquis of Poivis, deceased, in the County of Montgomery, for twenty-one Years, or three Lives, at the improved Rent.

26. An act for making a Partition and Division of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow, and for settling and limiting the same, for the Benefit of the several persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and also for selling and disposing of Timber growing on the Estate devised, by his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for raising Money out of the Personal Estate of the late Duchess of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased to renew a lease of certain Manors and Estates in the County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act to enable William Walley and others to sell and convey three undivided fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm, and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, lying in or near the Parish of Hays, in the County of Kent, unto the Right Honourable William Pitt, in Fee Simple, and for investing the Purchase money in other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses and Estates, as the said three undivided fourth Parts are now subject to; and to enable the Trustees named in the Will of William Cleaver the Elder, deceased, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parish of Hayes aforesaid, Part of the Estate devised by the Will and Codicil of said William Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for Part of the said first mentioned Lands.

29. An act to repeal an Act made in the last Section of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned, into Execution; and for explaining and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for the carrying the same, so explained and altered into Execution.

30. An act for carrying into Execution the Articles made on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, with Dame Anne his Wife, by a Settlement to be made with, and under certain Variations and Provisions beneficial for the issue of the said Marriage.

31. An act to empower the Honourable Edward Bouverie and William Bouverie, respectively, to make Leases of Chester's Key and Brewer's Key, and other Tenements and Buildings in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge Esquires, deceased.

32. An act to empower certain Persons to enfranchise several customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Nicol Forest, Solport and Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estates of the Honourable Catherine Widrington Widow, deceased, directed to be settled to certain Uses, by the Will and Codicil of the said Catherine Widrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for transferring to the Guardians of Charles William Molyneux, an Infant, a certain Power of Leasing, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Richard late Lord Viscount Molyneux deceased, during the Minority, and for the Benefit of the said Infant.

34. An act to exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London.

35. An act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and entailed on Denys Roll Esquire, and his Issue, in him, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

36. An act for vesting the Manor of Duxford, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, Part of the settled Estate of James Barry Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop Esquire, pursuant to Articles, and for settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles.

37. An act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of John Caryll Esquire in the County of Sussex, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

38. An act to empower William Warburton Esquire, to make Leases of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chase, for ninety-nine Years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the same.

39. An act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Buckley Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the same, prior to his Marriage Settlement.

40. An act for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Little Barrington Common Fields, and a Common or Waste called The Downs, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and grounds within the same Fields.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable Fields, Open Meadows, and Common Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Sileby, in the County of Leicester.

45. An act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Harmston, in the County of Lincoln.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Breeden, Tonge and Wilson, in the Manor of Breedon, and County of Leicester, and certain Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the respective Liberties thereof.

48. An act for inclosing and dividing the Common, Fields, in the Manor of East Cotham, in the County of York, and extinguishing the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor in Part of a Tract of Ground called the Sea Batts or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Pasture and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Thistleton, in the County of Rutland.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Common and Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Burstall, in the Parish of Belgrade, in the County of Leicester.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln.

54. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands, in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to said Fields.

55. An act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor or Lordship of Barton, otherwise Barton in Fabis, in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham.

56. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon Dearne, in the County of York.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Arabic Fields, in the Manor of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton.

58. An act to enable Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Issue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor.

59. An act to enable Robert Dobyns Esquire, now called Robert Tate, and his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Yate, in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yate Esquire, deceased.

60. An act for naturalizing John Christian Suhring, and John Henry Suhring.
