Private Acts passed in 1760, 33 George 2 c.1 - c.68.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Paul Amsinck the younger and Helwig Lewis Tonnies.

2. An act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from or near Worsley Mill, over the River Irwell, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to, or near, Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County.

3. An act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver-general, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter-House, to grant Building, or other Leases of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of Middlesex, for such terms of Years as are therein mentioned,

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township and Liberties of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Mackworth in the County of Derby.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in Marston Saint Lawrence in the County of Northampton.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common and open Fields, in the Parish of Hoby in the County of Leicester.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said Common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish, called Half-year Closes.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Somerby in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Barford in the County of Warwick.

12. An act for inclosing and dividing the Moor, or Common, called Hunwick Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate and County of Durham.

13. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire, with Elizabeth Louisa, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Mark Goodflesh Gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act to enable James Hammet Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hamlyn only.

16. An act to enable Henry Stoffold, and Robert Stoffold, Gentlemen, now called Henry Austen, and Robert Austen, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and Arms, of Austen, instead of their own Surname and Arms, pursuant to the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased.

17. An act to qualify and enable Samuel Hallet Esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use and take in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Farwell Esquire, deceased.

18. An act to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd Esquire, deceased.

19. An act for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernst, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Samuel Henry Duveluz.

20. An act for naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, Wife of Richard Spencer Esquire.

21. An act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and eighty one, entitled, Act Anent the Salmond Fishing in the Water of Nyth.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery of Owston in the West Riding of the County of York,

23. An act for inclosing diverse Parcels of Waste Grounds, or Commons, in Longton in the County of Lancaster, and for injoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the same.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or open Piece of Waste Ground, in the Parish or Township of Harthill, with Woodhall in the County of York.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Seagrave in the County of Leicester.

26. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadow and Common Pasture Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hawksworth in the County of Nottingham.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manors of Ugglebarnby and Eskdaleside in the Parish of Whitby and County of York.

28. An act for dividing and allotting certain open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Township of Hayton in the County of Nottingham.

29. An act for selling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Lethieullier Esquire in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

30. An act for vesting the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Northampton, Part of the intailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof.

31. An act to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Physic, and Humphry Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their Issue Male respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire.

32. An act for naturalizing Rene Cornabe, and John Daniel Lucadou.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar in the County of Leicester.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street in the County of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet and Liberties of West Farndon in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Half Woodford in the County of Northampton.

36. an Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Southam in the County of Warwick.

37. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester.

38. An act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture Grounds, within the Parish of Folkesworth in the County of Huntingdon.

39. an Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Broughton Sulney in the County of Nottingham.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open Common, in the Township of Ardsley and Parish of Darfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Leicestfer.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, or Wastes, and Common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Catton, in the County of York.

44. An act for the inclosing and dividing diverse Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying, and being in the several Townships of Walton on the Hill, and Fazakerley, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster.

45. An act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Common and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Aspley Guise in the County of Bedford.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, Meadows, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington in the County of Nottingham.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common Grounds, in the Parish of Blakesley, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the said Parish.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, in the Parish of Clifton in the County of Nottingham.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frisby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester.

50. An act for dividing and allotting the Common and Waste Grounds, open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Misson, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or one of them.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon.

52. An act for vesting the Inheritance of the Rectory and Tithes of Bedgeworth, granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the late dissolved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College, in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars, from Bergavenny School, and for vesting other Rectories and Tithes, in the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry, to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town.

53. An act for vesting certain Estates, in Pensilvania, New Jersey, and Maryland, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership, commonly called The Pensilvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An act to empower the most noble William Duke of Devonshire, to make Leases for any Term not exceeding ninety-nine Years, of certain Estates, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the Will of the Right honourable Dorothy, Countess of Burlington, deceased.

55. An act to enable John Earl of Hopetoun Curator of Law to George Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, his Uncle, a Lunatick and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis for the Time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries, and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned.

56. An act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Chislehurst, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right Honourable Robert Bertie, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision, of greater Value inst ad thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act to empower John Spencer, Esquire, to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon, and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlacke, East Sheen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by, and purchased in pursuance of, the Will of the most Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon, and improving the same.

58. An act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Matthew Fetherston, Baronet, in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An act to enable George Keith, late Earl Marischall, to sue, or maintain, any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder, and to remove any Disability in him by reason of his said Attainder, to take, or inherit, any Real or Personal Estate, that may, or shall hereafter, descend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto in Reversion or Remainder before his Attainder.

60. An act for vesting certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachy Baronet, in Trustees to convey the same to sir William Peere Williams Baronet, and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, of greater Value in lieu thereof.

61. An act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Charteris Esquire, and for purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

62. An act for the Sale of the Real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments for the benefit of the said Thomas Beynon and his Heirs.

63. An act for exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Beckingham and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Raymond Esquire deceased, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Beckingham, belonging to John Cator the younger, and for settling the Lands so taken in Exchange to the same Uses, as the Lands given in Exchange stand limited, and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell Esquires, to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the Estate, late of the said Hugh Raymond.

64. An act for selling certain Manors, Capital Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode esquire deceased, and for purchasing with the Money arising by such sale other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

65. An act for settling the Real Estate of James Thomas esquire deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at Law and Devisee, for that Purpose.

66. An act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors, a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

67. An act to empower John Wall, the Grandfather, and Mary Wall the Guardian of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate, called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes of Darley and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, descended to and now vested in the said Anna Maria Wall.

68. An act to enable William Russel Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Kempe only, pursuant to the Will of William Kempe Esquire deceased.
