Private Acts passed in 1761, 1 George 3 c.1 - c.47.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act for naturalizing John Dolignon, Peter Thellusson, Peter Anthony Planche, and Christian Poppe.

2. An act for naturalizing Rose Marie Heath, Wife of Benjamin Heath Esquire.

3. An act to enable Charles Molloy an Infant (lately called Charles Cooke) and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased.

4. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open Arable Lands, and the Open, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearsby, in the County of Leicester.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Asfordby in the County of Leicester.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Common Meadows, and a Common Hill called Snowshill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snowshill, in the County of Gloucester.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Morton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish and within the Precincts of the Manor of Langton Herring, in the County of Dorset.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Grange Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton.

11. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirbys in the County of Warwick.

12. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said settled Estates now stand limited

13. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Thornton Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses.

14. An act to enable Capel Hanbury Esquire, and George Hanbury Esquire, for themselves and their respective issue Male, to make an Exchange of their settled Estates in the County of Monmouth, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act for rendering effectual an Agreement, for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of James Sherard Doctor of Physic, and Robert Freeman Gentleman deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for enabling the acting Trustees and Executors of William Lemon Esquire deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, of the Estates in the County of Cornwall, devised by his Will, or purchased in Pursuance thereof respectively, during the Minority of his Grandsons and Nephews, intitled to the same, for the Time being, and for enabling the said Grandsons and Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees, during their Infancy respectively, to make and grant Sets and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country.

17. An act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Lands agreed to be made between Charles Tudway Esquire, and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

18. An act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases, of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory.

19. An act for naturalizing Frederick Rasch, and John Roger Siebel.

20. An act for naturalizing Jan Turner, and August Gotlieb Pieschel.

21. An act for naturalizing Constantia Hampden, Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire.

22. An act for naturalizing Benjamin Maisonneuve.

23. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Theaud.

24. An act for naturalizing Simon Baratty.

25. An act for naturalizing Anthony Villion.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Astwell and Faulcut, in the said Parish.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds, within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton upon Dunsmore, in the County of Warwick.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing an open Common within the Manor and Parish of Morresby, in the County of Cumberland.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground within Wardington Williamscott, otherwise Willscot, and Coton, otherwise Cotes, in the County of Oxford.

31. An act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth, and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Grounds, called Norham Infields, and the Common or Waste, called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common and open Fields of Ansty in the County of Leicester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Fields in the Parish of Fringford, otherwise Ferringford in the County of Oxford.

36. An act for dividing, enclosing, and allotting the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lanverchidol, and Stret Marcel, otherwise Street Marshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guilsfield in the County of Montgomery.

37. An act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Fields, in Burton Pidsea, in Holderness, in the County of York.

38. An act for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclosing Common or Waste Ground within the Manor or Lordship of Heslington in the County of York.

39. An act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver-general, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Customer and Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys, Malahide and Wicklow in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Master of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Master of the Rolls, Books, Writs and Records of the said Court; and to qualify themselves for the Injoyment of the said respective Offices.

40. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling an Estate, in the County of Surrey, of greater Value in lieu thereof, and for impowering him to sell other Part of the said Kentish Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act for selling divers Lands and Hereditaments in London, Middlesex, Surrey, Berkshire and Northamptonshire, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke, and Hitch Young, Esquires; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Wills respectively.

42. An act for vesting the Plantation and Estate of John Walter Esquire, and Newton his Wife (late Newton Walker Spinster) in the Island of Barbados, in Trustees, for raising Money to be applied in purchasing of Stock, and for other Purposes for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Estate.

43. An act for selling diverse Lands and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buckingham and Somerset, devised by the Will of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, in or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Will.

44. An act for vesting the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

45. An act for selling a Messuage and Lands, in Whaddon, in the County of Bucks, settled by the late Brown Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses.

46. An act for vesting and settling the Real and Personal Estate of John Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will.

47. An act for divesting, out of the Crown, the Remainder in Fee of the several Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire; and for vesting the same in Carleton Whitelocke, of the City of Dublin Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust for Henry Michel, of the said City of Dublin Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.
