Private Acts passed in 1762, 2 George 3 c.1 - c.69.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act for naturalizing Anna Maria Thornton, Wife of Octavius Thornton Merchant.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Pershore, in the County of Worcester.

3. An act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Krauter, and John Paris.

4. An act for naturalizing John Berens.

5. An act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agrement for the dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, in the Townships of Elvaston and Thulston, in the County of Derby.

6. An act for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and Henry Peter Kubff.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing two Pieces or Parcels of Open and uninclosed Lands, called The Town Hill, and The Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Aston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Swanburne, in the County of Bucks.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barrowby, in the County of Lincoln.

11. An act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersy, at a Place called The Hemp Stones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Chester.

12. An act for authorising and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, to erect and build one or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel, in the Manor and Parish of Bishopston, in the County of Sussex.

13. An act for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Witham, Frary, Marston or Nunny, in the County of Somerset, devised and limited by the Will of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, except as therein mentioned.

14. An act for confirming and establishing a Partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry Humphery, James Clitherow, Esquires, and others, of several Estates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Kent, and for vesting and settling the entire Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned.

15. An act for incorporating the Trustees, named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Estate late of the said Christopher Tancred, to them and their successors, in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will, and for the better Management of the Charity.

16. An act for vesting a Piece or Pieces of Ground in Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Robert Philimore Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses as the said Ground now stands settled.

17. An act to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Frances Hanbury Williams, to take upon her, and use, the Surname of Coningesby, pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement made by her Father Thomas Earl Coningesby, deceased.

18. An act to enable John Hase Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lombe.

19. An act for naturalizing Henrietta Frederique Viscountess Stormont, Wife of the Right Honourable David Lord Viscount Stormont.

20. An act for naturalizing Philip Schumacher and Nicholas Brandt.

21. An act for naturalizing Jacob Wolffe Esquire, commonly called Baron Wolffe.

22. An act for naturalizing Paul Metivier.

23. An act for naturalizing James Repinder.

24. An act for naturalizing Jean Charnaud.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Princethorpe, in the Township and Parish of Stretton upon Dunsmore, in the County of Warwick.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Middlewood Moor, or Ushaw Moor, within the Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Durham.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, half Year Inclosures, Shack Meadows and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of Leicester.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurmaston, in the Parish of Belgrave and Barkby, in the County of Leicester.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Grounds in Whissondine, in the County of Rutland.

31. An act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, heretofore given, in Trust, for the Benefit of the Poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the county of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs, and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof.

32. An act for discharging the Estate of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Surrey, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement, and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

33. An act to enable Patrick Blake Esquire, a Minor, to make a Settlement on Annabella Bunbury Spinster, and the issue of their intended Marriage; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward Mellish Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the pur ehafe of other Estates to be settled to the like Uses.

35. An act for vesting a Rent Charge in Fee Simple, in Trustees, for the Benefit of certain Poor Families described in the Will of John Styleman deceased, in lieu of a Moiety of certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the same Will, for the Benefit of the said poor Families, and for vesting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd Esquire, and his Heirs.

36. An act for selling Part of the Estates of William Mason Esquire, devised to him by the Will of William Mason Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other Part of the said Estates of the said William Mason, so devised, for other Lands and Tenements to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

37. An act for vesting all the Real and Personal Estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of George Mackenzie Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right, Claims and interest, of the Master and Fellows of Gonvile and Caius College, in the University of Cambridge.

38. An act for the Sale of the Estate of Thomas Waite, an Infant, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for applying the Surplus Money arising thereby for the Benefit of the said Infant.

39. An act for naturalizing Diederick Wessel Linden.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Manor of Shenley Brookend, in the Parish of Shenley in the County of Bucks.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Quorndon in the County of Lesicester.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Portesham in the County of Dorset.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Evenwood and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland and County of Durham.

44. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the open Fields, Pastures and Pieces or Parcels of Meadows and Pasture Ground in the Lordship of Sproatley, in Holderness, in the County of York.

45. An act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing Common Fields, Commons, Pastures and Waste Grounds in the Townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton and Borough in the Parish of Skipsea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Towcester, with the Hamlets of Wood Burcott and Caldecote in the County of Northampton.

47. An act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors and Common Grounds in the Township of Rotherham in the County of York.

48. An act for inclosing and dividing several open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Wintringham in the County of Lincoln.

49. An act for repealing Part, and explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates intailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel, Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other estates, to be settled to the like Uses, and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said Duke's Estates in the Counties cf Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children.

50. An act for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him settled and devised to the Use of Frances late Marchioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford his two Daughters, and their issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders over; and for vesting and settling the entire Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other purposes therein mentioned.

51. An act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Trustees in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington, with the Right Honourable Carolina Countess of Harrington his Wife.

52. An act for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement of Edward Lord Winterton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by impowering him to sell Part of the Estates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Norfolk, therein comprised, and for laying out the Moneys arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates of equal or greater Value, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An act to enable Sir Nicholas Hacket Carew, Baronet, to grant a Lease or Leases of Part of his settled Estate, for the Improvement thereof, pursuant to a Contract, by him entered into for that Purpose.

54. An act for vesting the Capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate in the Parish of Edmonton, and at Frian Barnett in the County of Middlesex, and at East Barnett in the County of Hertford, late Part of the Estate of James Colebrooke, Esquire, deceased, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, in him and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, of equal Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned.

55. An act for discharging certain Leasehold Houses and Tenements comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Humfreys Ram, Esquire, from the Trusts of the Settlement, and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof.

56. An act for vesting a Toft or Site of a Copyhold House in Richmond in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trustees, to be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins, Gentleman, deceased; for impowering John Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Estate at Richmond and Tuddington, as are therein mentioned.

57. An act for discharging diverse Lands, Estates and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Thomas Ruggles, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will; and for settling other Lands and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

58. An act for vesting the settled Estate, late of Ralph Jenison, Esquire, deceased, at Great Walworth in the County of Durham, in Trustees, in Trust to be conveyed to John Dixon, Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Decree, and subsequent Orders, of the Court of Chancery at Durham.

59. An act to enable Joseph Fell, Esquire, to make, a Lease of a Farm and Lands in Walthamstowe in the County of Essex, for a Term of ninety-nine Years.

60. An act to enable John Held, Gentleman, and Thomas Held, his Son, an Infant, and their Trustees, to raise the Sum of one thousand Pounds, upon certain Estates in Leicestershire and Warwickshire, or on a sufficient Part thereof, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for vesting two Acres of Land in Walton upon Thames, in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to the Executors of Samuel Dicker, Esquire, for the Benefit of Mary Driver, an Infant.

62. An act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Igborough in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate late of Henry Ord, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to James Nelthorpe, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to lay out the Money to be paid for the same, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to The Uses therein mentioned.

63. An act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Botolgh, Billingsgate, London, late the Estate of William Claphatn, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Carew, of Crowcombe, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

65. An act for vesting the settled Estate of John Weller, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the same, and to lay out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller.

66. An act to enable William Richards and Edtuard Richards, Infants, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powell, Esquire, deceased.

67. An act to enable Charles Smith, an Infant, lately called Charles Loraine, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Richard Smith, Esquire, deceased.

68. An act for naturalizing Luke Wettstein, Peter Texier, junior, and Daniel Goy.

69. An act for naturalizing John Doerner.
