Private Acts passed in 1762, 3 George 3 c.1 - c.46.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Henry Fox, to take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office, as Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Cleric of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Vander Meulen.

4. An Act for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Cotes, Anthony Francis Haldimand, Samuel Bouess, and John Werner Faesch.

5. An Act for naturalizing David Wolpman, John Siri, Francis Philip Fatio, David Plantier, William Stafford, and Francis Delon.

6. An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Robert Nugent Esquire, and Richard Rigby Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

7. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Inclosures, in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, and in Bootham, in the Suburbs of the City of York; and for dividing and inclosing the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland.

10. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Evenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators therein named to make their Awards; and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned, to set out, divide, and allot, the said Moor or Common.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycott, in the Parish of Wilne, in the County of Derby.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scropton, in the County of Derby.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Lowton, in the County of Lancaster.

14. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Astley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holderness, in the County of York.

16. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Pasture Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Wellingore, in the County of Lincoln.

17. An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Nathanael Neal Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the same more effectual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage.

18. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Lade the younger, and Hester his Wife, situate at Barham, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

19. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Hazeland Clerk, with Mary Walley his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for enabling Anne Barbara Hill Medlycott, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Medlycott Esquire, deceased.

21. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reessen.

22. An Act for naturalizing Josiah Child, an Infant, of the Age of nine Years.

23. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Chollet, John Francis, Gabriel Bize, and Samuel Grellet.

24. An Act for naturalizing Abraham Huber.

25. An Act for naturalizing Rodolff Nicholas Chaillet, and Abraham Du Bois.

26. An Act for naturalizing John D'Orville, Michael Wiegand, John Vollraht Kettler, Cornelius Gerhard Kettler, and James Shedel.

27. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and elsewhere in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out of Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Duke, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Pirton, in the County of Worcester.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Childswickham, in the County of Gloucester.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapelry and Lordship of Marfleet, in Holderness, in the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Pastures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting certain open Fields, Meadows, and stinted Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford; and for making a Compensation for Common of Pasture, and Tithes arising therein.

35. An Act to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of Clarehall, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefactions of Doctor Blyth; and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of the Vicarages of Everton, with Tetworth and Great Gransden, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

36. An Act to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Jesus' College, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefaction of Doctor Edmund Proby, and Sir Thomas Proby; and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of several small Rectories and Vicarages.

37. An Act for vesting certain Lands in the Counties of Essex and Cambridge, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Jesus' College, in the University of Cambridge, in Sir William Maynard Baronet, and his Heirs.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dashwood Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances; and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement.

39. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Tenements, late the Estate of James Joye Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, in new Trustees; and to enable them to make Building Leases thereof.

40. An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in North Cerney, in the County of Gloucester, late the Estate of Edward Pickering Rich, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Purchase-money in discharging Incumbrances affecting the same; and for the Benefit of Thomas Rich, his Son and Heir, an Infant.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of Winster, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Glentham, in the County of Lincoln.

43. An Act for carrying into Execution, an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water, in York Buildings, the Trustees for Annuities on Lives William Lock Esquire, his Grace Edward Duke of Norfolk, and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadwick Knight, and the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorizing and directing the Court of Session in Scotland, to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Marischal, Panmure, Southesk, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, and Alexander Garden Esquire.

44. An Act to discharge certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Bedford, the Estates of the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, from certain Trusts and Agreements created and entered into by the said Duke, whereby the said Estates were to be settled on Lord Charles Spencer, Brother to the said Duke, and his Issue, in strict Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, in lieu thereof; and likewise for varying, and carrying into Execution certain other Trusts and Agreements of the said Duke, for the making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Lincoln, upon Lord Robert Spencer, now an Infant, another Brother of the said Duke, and his Issue, in like strict Settlement; and for other Purposes.

45. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trust for Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to the Uses, Limitations, and Provisions, mentioned in the said Will; and to two Annuities payable to Rose Duplessis; and also to certain Sums payable to Robert Knight, and to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William Basset; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

46. An Act for authorizing the Executors of John Hope to assign, to Trustees, twenty thousand Pounds of the Stock or Capital therein mentioned, Part of the Marriage Portion of Jane the Wife of John Paterson Esquire, to be employed in Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed.
