Private Acts passed in 1763, 4 George 3 c.1 - c.83.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Govert Cassau.

2. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Solinus.

3. An Act for naturalizing Peter Hasenclever, Johann Peter Rucker, John Francis Blache, Andrew Vezian, James Charles Granges, and Jacob Muller.

4. An Act for naturalizing William Dunant, John Christian Schrieber, Jonas Dael, and Charles Henry Thalbitzer.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Heckington, in the County of Lincoln.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath Grounds, Lanes and Waste Ground, within Guilsborough, Coton and Nortoft, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Chilver's Coton, in the County of Warwick.

10. An Act for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Common, called Badley Moor, as lies within the Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Clares, Mattishall Tuddenham, on the Part of North Tuddenham, and Bell-house Hall, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain other Commons and Wastes within the said manors and Parish.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Horbling, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, of and in Billesdon, in the County of Leicester.

13. An Act for establishing and confirming the Inclosure and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoats, in the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York, and for other Purposes.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Wartnaby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow and Pasture Ground, within the Township of Skipsea, in the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Skeffling in Holderness, in the County of York.

19. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common, in, over and upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent.

20. An Act for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, from Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and for settling other Tythes in lieu thereof.

21. An Act for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds, in the Parish of Helgay, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands and Low Grounds, within the Township of Thorngumbald, in the County of York.

23. An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, for a Division of certain real Estates in the County of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, Baronet, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for empowering the Committee or Committees, for the Time being, of the Estate of John Newport Esquire, a Lunatick, to make Leases of his Estates during his Lunacy.

25. An Act for carrying into Execution, an Agreement between the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, and Robert Nedham Esquire, deceased, relating to an Estate in the Island of Jamaica, devised by the Will of Henry Nedham Esquire, deceased.

26. An Act for annexing the Rectory of East Lockinge, in the County of Berks, to the Office of Warden of the College of the Souls of all Faithful People deceased, of Oxford.

27. An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of John Tregenna Clerk, deceased, in the County of Cornwall, given and devised by his Will, in Trust for his Children, and for paying and applying the Money to arise by such Sales, in Manner therein mentioned.

28. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

29. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging the said Rectory.

30. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas King Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland.

31. An Act to enable Richard Symonds, an Infant (lately called Richard Peers) and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Sirname of Symons, pursuant to the Will of Richard Symons Esquire deceased.

32. An Act for Naturalizing William Dingman and John Reincke.

33. An Act for Naturalizing John Marteilhe of London, Merchant.

34. An Act for Naturalizing Egbert Nonnen.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and open Fields, and Commonable Places of Sharnford, in the County of Leicester.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Whetstone, in the County of Leicester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, and Commonable Places in the Parish of Stoney Stanton, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship of Potters Marston, in the said County, belonging to and used with the said Field, of Stoney Stanton.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open Fields and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship of Aldborough, in Holdernesse, in the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields and Ings within the Township and Parish of Haughton in the Marsh, otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Newnham, in the County of Northampton.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton.

44. An Act for dividing and including the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Crook and Billyrow within the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Atherstone in the County of Warwick, and all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, within the same.

47. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts and Territories of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and Fairholme North Skirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Long-Riston, Leven, Heigholme, and Hollytree-Holme, Brandes-Burton, and Bursall, Eske, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Holdernesse, in the East Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act to impower the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Spencer, to make Leases of the Manor of Battersea and Wandsworth, and of Lands and Grounds in Battersea and Wandsworth, in the County of Surry, purchased in pursuance of the Will of the most Noble Sarah late Dutchess Dowager of Marlborough, in order for building upon and improving the same.

49. An Act for confirming a Partition several Estates, late of Thomas Horton, in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, between William Blanch, John Roberts, Richard Brereton, and others, and for vesting and settling the Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned.

50. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Edmund Hungate Beaghan Esquire deceased, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann Esquire, or as he shall appoint, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of George Edmund Beaghan, his only Son and Heir, an Infant.

51. An Act for vesting divers Messuages and Hereditaments in the City of London, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Brett, Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling another Estate in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

52. An Act for discharging the Uses and Trusts of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, settled upon, and for the Benefit of William Wiggett Bullwer, and Mary his Wife, and their Issue, and for substituting and settling other Estates and Hereditaments, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

53. An Act for vesting two Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Premisses, late the Estate of James Delaune, deceased, in John Ferrett and Robert Edmeston, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said James Delaune.

54. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Young Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby, together with other Money of the said William Young, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, of greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

55. An Act to enable John Pollard Esquire (lately called John Carter) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Aims of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard deceased.

56. An Act for naturalizing James Nahon de Berville, Johann Jacob Uckermann, and John Hauser.

57. An Act for naturalizing James Alric.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon in the County of Northampton.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Waste Ground called The Marsh, in the Township of Newport, in the County of Salop; and applying the Produce thereof to the several Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act to enable Lucy Knightley Esquire, to inclose several open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Haversham, in the County of Bucks; and for vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, in the said Lucy Knightley and his Heirs, and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Westbury, in the County of Buckingham.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Nether Broughton, in the County of Leicester.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Staindrop Moor, within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Great Wigston, in the County of Leicester.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Husbands Bosworth, otherwise Boresworth, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Wombwell, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Warkworth, in the County of Northampton.

68. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bedford, Dorset, and Lancaster, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Ashburnham, in him the said Earl, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of that Settlement, and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

69. An Act to empower the Guardians of George Earl of Egremont, an Infant, to enfranchise certain customary Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cumberland, Part of the settled Estates of the Earl; and also to empower the Guardians of the said Earl, and his Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said Estate, in the County of Cumberland, and to make Leases and of Grants of the several Estates limited and devised to them respectively by Charles Earl of Egremont their late Father, deceased, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

70. An Act for vesting Lands and Hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland, Part of the Estate of James Earl of Barymore, in Trustees, for raising Money towards paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting his Real Estates.

71. An Act for settling the Estate of Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Townsend, Wife of James Townsend Esquire, according to certain Articles of Agreement executed before her Intermarriage with the said James Townsend, but subject to the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the same.

72. An Act for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford.

73. An Act to enable the Warden and Fellows of the College of Christ, in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said College.

74. An Act to impower the Honourable George Lane Parker, to shut up a Road or Way now used over certain inclosed Lands, in the Parish of Gamblingay, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing all Right to a certain Toll which he now is intitled to in two Lanes, near the said Road or Way, and for obliging him to keep the said Lanes in Repair.

75. An Act for enlarging the Time given to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett Esquire, in Trustees, in order to sell such Lands to Protestant Purchasers; and also by another Act of Parliament made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by the said Act of Parliament made in the said sixteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty.

76. An Act for divesting out of the Crown, the Reversion in Fee, of certain Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Matthew Dowdall, a, Papist, deceased, expectant upon the Death of his three Grandsons, without Issue Male; and for vesting the same in Anthony Ladeveze, of the City of Dublin Esquire, a Protestant, and his Heirs.

77. An Act for divesting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitzgerald, of Rathorne, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands in Ireland.

78. An Act to enable the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, the Guardians or Trustees of King Edward the Sixth's Almshouses there, and other the Feoffees thereof, to convey Part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions, of the said Almshouses, to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, in exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts therein mentioned; and for vesting Part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, in exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of Northampton, devised by the Will of Edward Bayly, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

80. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wetter Esquire, with Charlotte Wilson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

81. An Act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann, and David Godin.

82. An Act for naturalizing Henry Kock.

83. An Act for naturalizing Alexander Joseph Poittier.

