Private Acts passed in 1765, 5 George 3 c.1 - c.115.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Podington, in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within the Manors and Parish of Hardingstone and Cotton, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for naturalizing John William Plauel, John James Long, Jacob Nadal, and Christopher Henry Baumer.

4. An Act for naturalizing Luder Lang.

5. An Act for naturalizing Christian James Strackhoven.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Donnington, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Tything, of Westcote, in the Parish of Waddesdon, in the County of Bucks.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Township of Ulrome, otherwise Owram in Holderness, in the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Kilworth, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for annexing the Rectory of Colerne, in the County of Wilts, to the Office of Warden of the College of Saint Mary, of Winchester in Oxford.

12. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Ann Wilson, Widow, and Ann Wilson, her Daughter, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same.

13. An Act to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk (heretofore called Richard Hancorn) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.

14. An Act to enable William Agor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Turnor.

15. An Act to enable John Jennings Esquire (now called John Smith) and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Smith, deceased.

16. An Act to enable William Marwood Esquire, lately called William Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased.

17. An Act to enable William Nevile Blondeau Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hart.

18. An Act to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe Esquire (and his Heirs) to take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Dirk Jager, of the City of London, Merchant.

20. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer, and Rene Labutte.

21. An Act for naturalizing John Elias Jaquery, Peter Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James Osvald, and John Francis Anthony Rivax.

22. An Act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte, and David Francis Sapte.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of Flamborough, in the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and allotting the Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields, and Ings, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Hornton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford.

26. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish of Kettlethorp, in the County of Lincoln, and a certain Free Common, called The East Moor, in the same Parish.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the College of Irtlingborough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Lowdham, in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Draycot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Twywell, in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snitfield, otherwise Snitterfield, in the County of Warwick.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretserton, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rothwell, in the County of Lincoln.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchwick and Norton, and the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Doncaster and Cantley; and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Rossington and Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York

41. An Act for confirming the Allotments of, and for inclosing, the Common and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Scarning Common, and the Greens called Pound Green, Pope's Green, and Bett’s Green, lying within the several Manors of Scarning Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern Hall, Scarning Parva, Guntons, and Rougholme, on the Part of Hoe, or some or one of them, and in the Parish of Scarning, in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of Northampton.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the County of Chester.

46. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Kirkhammerton, in the Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York.

47. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between Thomas Holles Duke of Newcastle, and Margaret Cavendish Dutchess Dowager of Portland, of several Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Nottingham; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses, as the Lands for which the same are exchanged stood settled.

48. An Act for vesting an Estate, called Woodlands, in the County of Wilts, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College, called Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, in William Earl of Shelburne, and his Heirs.

49. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Master, Brethren, and Sisters, of the Hospital of the Lord Hastings of Loughborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premisses in Stoke Poges aforesaid; and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended.

50. An Act to enable Fanny Fowler, Spinster, a Minor, to convey, assign, and settle, her Real and Personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges Baronet.

51. An Act for Sale of certain Lands in the County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying the Money arising thereby, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector.

52. An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money arising by the Sale of a House in Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and by Donations of several Persons, for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tetbury, aforesaid.

53. An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of William Dobinson Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased.

54. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with Hester Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to enable Brigg Price Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Fountaine, and to bear the Arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine Knight, deceased.

56. An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Townshend, Wife of James Townshend Esquire.

57. An Act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernst, John Michael Platz, and Rudolph Lemann.

58. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, Christopher John Schultz, John Gottfried Klatz, Erdmann Christopher Riemann, and Bernhard Johann Fleischmann.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chatmoss, within the Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in the County of Leicester.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Aukbrough in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartshorn, in the County of Derby.

66. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Wilford, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Grimston, in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing two Moors, or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of Warke, and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Arable Fields, in the Parishes of North Cockerington and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Keelby and Stallingbrough, in the County of Lincoln.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Pallure, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Fen, in the Parishes of Aslackby and Dowsby, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen: and also certain inclosed Low Grounds adjoining to the said Fen.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Closes, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship and Liberties of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot which lies in the said Parish.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland.

78. An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk.

79. An Act for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Austerfield, in the County of York.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somerton, in the County of Oxford.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called The High and Low Commons, in the Parish of Tickhill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

86. An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland in the County of Lincoln.

87. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Dorothy late Countess Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for investing Part of the Money arising by such Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt aftecting the same Premisses, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now stand limited, or so many of them as shall be then existing.

88. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging to the Honourable John Saint John, an Infant, and Edward Dering, also an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John Saint John and Edward Dering, respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act for making the Portions provided by the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan Baronet, and Dame Julia his Wife, for their younger Children, vested Interests, so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Life-time of their Father; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

90. An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook, in the County of Chester, Part of the Estate of Henry Vernon Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same, previous to the said Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for settling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest Son, affecting the same; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman the elder.

92. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Christopher Crowe Esquire, in the County of York, in him in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates, in the same. County, in lieu thereof.

93. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Knowsley, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles for the Purchase thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other. Lands, to be charged and settled in Manner as therein mentioned.

94. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Elizabeth Carey Widow, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Robert Child Esquire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

95. An Act for divesting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Representative or Representatives of Edmund Neeler deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late William Westbrook Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of London; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to such Persons as may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery.

96. An Act for Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act to confirm and establish Exchanges of Land, at Dorking in Surrey, between Charles Howard Esquire, and Edward Walter Esquire; and between the said Charles Howard and Jonathan Tyers Esquire.

98. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Mary Phelps Widow, deceased, given and devised by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances.

99. An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold Estates, in the several Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bucks, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several Legacies or Portions bequeathed by the Will of William Hollingworth Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act for Sale of the Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Bristow Esquire, in the County of Norfolk; and for applying the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement.

101. An Act for making a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Lincoln and York, late the Estate of Edward Ayscough deceased, which, upon his Death, belonged to his four Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several Uses limited, of their several undivided Shares thereof respectively.

102. An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate late of Amie Broxolme Widow, deceased, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

103. An Act for naturalizing Louisa Rudolphina Wale, and Gregory Wale.

104. An Act to naturalize Benedict Paul Warner.

105. An Act for naturalizing Sobine Louise Winn.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, in or near the Village or Hamlet of Marsborough, in the Township of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Scalford, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford.

109. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his Will mentioned.

110. An Act to enable John Lord Bellew, Baron of Duleek, in the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power, to raise certain Sums therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of younger Children.

111. An Act for Vesting the Estate late of Peter Wyche Esquire, at Goadby, alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of Leicester, in Trust, to be conveyed to the Most Noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor or Manors, and Parish of Syresham, otherwise Siseham, in the County of Northampton.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Braithwell, in the County of York.

114. An Act to enable Jeremiah Rayment the younger Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hadsley, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadsley Esquire, deceased.

115. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Missey, and Gabriel Le Royer.
