Private Acts passed in 1766, 6 George 3 c.1 - c.94.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the County of Northampton.

2. An Act for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmester, John Wienholt, Julius Conrad Ridder, and Peter Duval.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Oswald, and the Right Honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County of Oxford.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, and Tything of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford.

6. An Act for confirming an Award, made for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of Haselton, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Maugersbury, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field Lands, within the Parish of Heddington, in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, in the County of Northampton.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Walthaam, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of Leicester.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Braunstony otherwise Branston, in the County of Leicester.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures within the Parish of Croxton, otherwise Croxton Kerial, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of Winslow in the County of Bucks.

16. An Act for inclosingg and dividing the Common Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadow Ground and Ings, within the Parish of Stillington, in the County of York.

17. An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to extend a Branch of his navigable Cut or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Matthews, with Ann Matthews his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michel.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Repton in the County of Derby.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Haselor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton Haselor, in the Parish of Haselor, in the County of Warwick.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Cuddington or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of Weverham, in the County of Chester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willington, in the County of Derby.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor Waste, or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper Heworth and Nether Heworth, in the County Palatine of Durham.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Little Norwood, in the County of Bucks.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish of Bessingby in the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington, in the County of Lincoln.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Beeford, otherwise Beeforth, in the County of York.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bradnop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

30. An Act for dividng and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadow, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldboy, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Marston, in the County or the City of York.

34. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Sir John Chetwode Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same.

35. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Aldcroft Gentleman, with Sarah Shewel, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpuses therein mentioned.

36. An Act for enabling Robert Brice Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of Kingsmill.

37. An Act to enable the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to quality himself in England for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

38. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Leases of their Estate in the Parish of Saint Olave Southwark.

39. An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered into by him for selling and leasing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law ind Equity.

40. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surry, devised by the Will of Sir William Clayton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

41. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, late of Robert Henley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off Debts and Oncumbrances and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the same, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Bank of England, subject to the further Order of the said Court.

42. An Act for vesting several Copyhold Estates of Ann Blagrave, Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Copyhold Estates stand limited.

43. An Act to impower John Jones Esquire, and Margaretta Maria his Wife, late Margaretta Maria Weller, Widow, and other the Devisees of John Maryon Clerk, deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Charlton, and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor: and also the Parishes of Woolwich and Plumstead, in the County of Kent.

44. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Silvester Smith Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same.

45. An Act to enable George Foster Tufnlil Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Estates, devised to him by Sir William Halton Baronet, in the County of Middlesex.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted Pastures, called Cow Close, West Moor, and Clowder, otherwise Clowther, within the Township of Arncliff, in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor or Common, within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blaby, in the County of Leicester.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Countesthorpe, in the County of Leicester.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hexton, in the County of Hertford, except a Common Pasture, called The Cow Common.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walsworth, in the Parish of Hitchen, in the County of Hertford.

52. An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pattrington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Foston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of Leicester.

56. An Act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning, Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for vesting Part of a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, intailed by the Will of the Most Noble Charles late Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage, or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

58. An Act for vesting the Mansion House of the Earl and Countess of Powis, in Albemarle Street, now settled on them and their Issue, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

59. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, devised by the Will of John late Earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited by the said Will.

60. An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of Washington, Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the same, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet, and his Sons, Thomas Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sons, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a Church-yard; and to exchange some Lands there.

62. An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Messuage, and late dissolved Priory, of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey; and also of several Freehold and Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, late the Estate of Sarah Parsons, Widow, deceased, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

63. An Act for the Sale and Disposition of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement.

64. An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates late of Robert Nedham Esquire, deceased, situate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of five hundred Years, to George Nedham Esquire, for confirming an Agreement made between the Widow and Children of the said Robert Nedham; and for vesting Part of the said Robert Nedham's said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances, affecting such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and Essex, and in the City of London, late the Estate of Piggott Ince Esquire, deceased, and Mary late the Wife, and now the Widow, of the said Piggott Ince, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance of certain Agreements; and for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Purchase-money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act to establish a Proposal, made by William Constable Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying, and being, within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kimberley, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barnetby upon the Woulds, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bowes, in the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Scothorn and Sudbrooke, in the County of York.

72. An Act for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grumble Hirst, within the Parish of Barmby upon Dunn, in the Country of York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Cars, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and Fairholme, North Skirlaug, Rowton, Arnold, Riston, Leven, Heigholm, and Hallytree Holme, Brandes Burton, and Burshall, Eske, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harlestone, in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton Bromswold, otherwise Laighton Ecclesia, in the County of Huntington.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

78. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Lands or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Township of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

83. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees; and to enable them to appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money (subject to the Trusts declared by the Will of Sir Michael Wharton Knight, deceased) for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John, in Beverley, in the County of York; and for erecting an Organ in the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

84. An Act to enable Richard Burton Esquire, and his Issue, to bear and use the Surname and Arms of Phillipson, pursuant to the Will of John Phillipson Esquire, deceased.

85. An Act for naturalizing Godhard Sutthoff, John Peter Cornud, Renira Bentinck, Aymerc Mavit, Justus Blanckenhagen, Francis Menet, and John Abraham Haldimand.

86. An Act for naturalizing Laurence Charlesson.

87. An Act for naturalizing Peter Facon, and John James Tourneisen.

88. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund Morton Pleydell Esquire, in the Counties of York and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Balderton, in the County of Nottingham.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Darby, in the County of Derby, called Darley Common.

93. An Act for draining and preserving Stretham Common, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, to raise a Sum of Money to pay the Debts owing upon the Credit of the said Act.

94. An Act for naturalizing Peter Delaroche, and John James le Chevalier.
