Private Acts passed in 1766-7, 7 George 3 c.1 - c.117.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Oswald, the Right Honourable James Grenville, and the Right Honourable Isaac Barre, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for naturalizing Mary Ann Amelie Burrowes.

3. An Act for naturalizing Christiaan Van Teylingen.

4. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Agassiz, John Samuel Schutz, Philip David Krauter, Joshua Rougement, Ferdinand De Mierre, and Christian Godfrey Klein.

5. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dashwood Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Kencott, in the County of Oxford

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Chesterton, in the County of Oxford.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sandford, in the County of Oxford.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, called Carlisle and Cummersdale Moor, in the County of Cumberland.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing Halton Green, and for disposing of other Grounds, within the Township of Hatton East, in the Parish of Skipton, in the County of York

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such Part of certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Bentham Moor, as lieth within the Manor of Ingleton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon.

15. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Scott Esquire, with Jane Scott his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Delves Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take the Name of Broughton.

17. An Act to enable Thomas Hotchkis, to take the Surname and Arms of Littler, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Littler deceased.

18. An Act to enable Sarah Aylon Spinster, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Tyrrell.

19. An Act for naturalizing John Rodolph Valltravers.

20. An Act for naturalizing Cristoffel Van Denbergh, an Infant.

21. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot.

22. An Act for naturalizing Nicolas Francis Beckman.

23. An Act for naturalizing Theodore Van Teylingen, an Infant.

24. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner, and Amable Doct.

25. An Act for vesting the Estate of James Lucy Dighton, an infant, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, pursuant to the directions of the Court of Chancery.

26. An Act to enable the Devisees for Life, named in the Will of Pierce Starkie Esquire, deceased, and Trustees, to cut down and fell Timber upon the Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Estates, late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the Counties of York and Lancaster, and to grant Leases of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the Freehold Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the same Counties; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

27. An Act for annexing the Rectory of Purleigh, in the County of Essex, to the Office of Provost of the House of the Blessed Mary the Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second, of famous Memory, some time King of England.

28. An Act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Pace of Ground, adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County, and his Successors, for the same; and for enabling the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Markets out of the Town of South Shields, and to cause the same to he held on the said Piece of Ground.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bibury, and Manors of Bibury Offney, and Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Cosgrave, in the County of Northampton (exclusive of Brownswood Green, and Kenton Field, in the Parish of Cosgrave, in the said County).

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monkton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of South Burton, other wise Bishop Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddington, in the County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of Wixford, Exhall, King's-Broom, and Burnell's-Broom, in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Land, lying South of the Turnpike Road, leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within the Liberties and Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham.

37. An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whittlesea, Ramsay, and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of the Leigh, in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

40. An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Grounds in the Parishes of Adlingfleet and Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act to enable Richard Bennett Esquire, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Coffin, pursuant to the Will of Richard Coffin Esquire, deceased.

42. An Act to enable Thomas Willis Esquire (lately called Thomas Swettenham) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis Esquire, deceased.

43. An Act for naturalizing Leonard Meyer and Lewis Giles.

44. An Act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines between Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, of the one Part, and Patrick Craufurd, James Craufurd, and Gilbert Meason, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contract.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called The Tarn Moor, in the Township of Skipton, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township.

46. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of Howden and Eastrington, and in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, in the East Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, Moor, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of North Anston and Todwick, in the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste Grounds and Sandhills, called Layton Hawes, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of Poulton and Bispham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Parish of Carlton in Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places in Cosby and Littlethorpe, in the Parish of Cosby, in the County of Leicester.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Lends and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the East Riding of the County of York.

52. An Act to enable John Bowes Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne, and Mary Eleanor Bowes, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne, his Wife, the Daughter and only Child of George Bowes Esquire, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Bowes only, pursuant to his Will, and the Settlement executed previous to the Marriage of the said Earl and Countess.

53. An Act to vacate an Agreement made the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, between the most Noble William late Duke of Portland, deceased, and Margaret Cavendishe Duchess of Portland, then his Wife, but now his Widow, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of Marybone, in the County of Middlesex; and to establish and render effectual another Agreement, dated the thirtieth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, concerning the Premisses.

54. An Act to enable Henry Duke of Buecleugh, a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Elizabeth Montagu.

55. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts, for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Nigel Gresley, Baronet, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for vesting several undivided Estates, late of John Bennett Esquire, deceased, and Ann Spencer Widow, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Middlesex, in Trustees, in order to effect a Partition between the said Ann Spencer and the Devisees named in the Will of the said John Bennett.

58. An Act for confirming a Lease, or Grant, made by the Honourable Louisa Barbara Mansell, sole Daughter and Heir of the Right Honourable Bussy Lord Mansell deceased (now the Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon, Wife of the Honourable George Venables Vernon) to Chauncy Townsend Esquire, for certain Purposes therein expressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates in the County Palatine of Lancaster, settled upon the Marriage of Fleetwood Hesketh Esquire, with Frances his Wife, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale in paying off divers Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and also for substituting, in lieu thereof, a certain Estate in the said County called Burne, lately purchased by the said Fleetwood Hesketh.

60. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Lincoln.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes of Langton and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and unclosed Meadows, in the Parish of Ailestone, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalstone, in the County of Bucks.

67. An Act to enable John Fleming Esquire, lately called John Willis, and his issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement made by Richard Fleming Esquire, deceased.

68. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectory, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Scarbrough, by him settled on his Marriage with the Right Honourable Barbara Countess of Scarbrough, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Settlement, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

69. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Dixon Dyke Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, Sussex, and Kent, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt, affecting other Parts of the said settled Estates.

70. An Act for vesting divers Leasehold Houses, late of Haydock Hill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and converted into Money, to be applied, together with other Part of his Personal Estate, for the Benefit of his Children intitled to the same, by virtue of his Will; and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contract, made by his Widow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children.

71. An Act for Sale of the Real Estate of Tomkinson Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the Money, arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Tomkinson Cooper, and Ann his Wife.

72. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Hilborough, in the County of Norfolk, the Estate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict of Edward Bunting Clerk, deceased, and Edward Bunting, her Infant Son, by the said Edward Bunting Clerk, in Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph Caudwell Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to be paid for the same.

73. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Matthew Henry Witham Esquire, in the County of York, for the discharging the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

74. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to order so much of the Personal Estate of George Minchin, deceased, as now stands in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to he transferred and paid to Paul Minchin and Henrietta Minchin, the only Children of the said George Minchin, without their giving any Security to refund, the same.

75. An Act for vesting an undivided third Part of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the City of London, and in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the Estate of Susannah Letten Widow, deceased, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; and for paying and applying the Money, to arise by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned.

76. An Act to impower Richard Rycroft Clerk, and his Issue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement, to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Clarges Street, in the County of Middlesex.

77. An Act for vesting several undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premisses, being Part of the Estate of John Bond Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, and investing the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement.

78. An Act for vesting a Messuage, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Fane Wiliam Sharpe Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, ancf for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the like Uses.

79. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, entered into by George Pitt Esquire, and his Tenants, of the Manor of Kingston, and John Pitt Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands, in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

80. An Act for exonerating Part of the Estate, late of Thomas Becke Gentleman, deceased, charged With an Annuity, or clear yearly Rent of one hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent; and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, 01 her Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Becke, of equal Value.

81. An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Wills of John Woodcock and Mary Platfoot, deceased, in Matthew Pepper Manby, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned.

82. An Act for Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, and of certain of Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the said County, Part of the Estate of John Osborne, deceased, unto the Right Honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an Agreement; and to apply the Purchase-money in discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee-simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demised to Constantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Peal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and Constantine John Phipps, his eldest Son, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Arthingworth, in the County of Northampton.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common, within the Manor of Distington, in the County of Cumberland.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor of Hensingham, in the County of Cumberland.

87. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of East Barkwith, in the County of Lincoln.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Westmorland.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Adlingfleet, Fockerby, and Haldenby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willersey, in the County of Gloucester.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Sowerby, in the County of Cumberland.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland.

95. An Act for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff.

96. An Act for naturalizing Gerrard Goebell.

97. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and his Issue, by the Wills of Jacoby late Viscount Folkestone, and Sir Edward Des Bouverie Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in lieu thereof; and to impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as are therein mentioned.

98. An Act for confirming a Partition between the Reverend Erasmus Saunders Doctor in Divinity, and Mary his Wife, and Samuel Roycroft, the younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for vesting and settling the same, to the Uses, and on the Trusts, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for vesting the undivided Parts of several Manors, Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, devised by the Will of John Cogan, Surgeon, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Will.

100. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Richard Williamson, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for reimbursing the said Richard Williamson the Expences he has been at in improving the said Estate, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Benjamin Booth, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, in the County of Salop, Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

102. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Hoskins, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Money due upon a Mortgage of his Estate in Kent, called Hethenden Farm, and other Debts and Incumbrances, and for settling said Estate called Hethenden Farm so disincumbered, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for Sale of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Essex, intailed by the Will of Doctor John Bamber, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

104. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the settled Estate of John Wicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and for settling the Manor of Knepp, alias Knapp, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, being the Estate of the said John Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

105. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Poyntz, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Estates stood settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

106. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Susanna Dowding, Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for securing the Monies, to be paid for the same, upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground, called Broyle Park, within the Manor of Ringmer, in the County of Sussex.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Scamblesby, in the County of Lincoln.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Ground, Half Year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Norfolk.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commons within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of Great Oxendon, in the County of Northampton.

111. An Act for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town; and for confirming a Rule or Order of Assize, and Order of the High Court of Chancery, relating to the Rates and Assessments to be raised for Relief of the Poor, by the Inhabitants of the said Township, and the Owners of Lands called the Park and Castle Lands.

112. An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

113. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the draining and working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick.

114. An Act to enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, (lately called Joseph Moyle) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the Will of Lionel Copley, Esquire, deceased.

115. An Act for naturalizing Henry Hayman.

116. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of George Duke of Saint Albans, in Trustees for raising Money to pay Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

117. An Act for naturalizing Sophia Magdalen Lamack, an Infant.
