Private Acts passed in 1769, 9 George 3 c.1 - c.112.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing John Dufaur.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stonely, in the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow, Pasture. and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act to enable Henry Thomas Greening Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing George Madrass.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Schneider.

7. An Act for naturalizing Paul Niedrick.

8. An Act for vesting certain Lands, in the Parish of Chislehurst, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Farrington Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Charles Lord Camden; and for settling Lands, to be in Exchange; and for laying out Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

9. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between the most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden and Scholars of Merton College in Oxford.

10. An Act for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and providing Portions for the younger Children, of the Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Honourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to enable Sir Waikin Williams Wynn Baronet, a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Henrietta Somerset.

12. An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Graham Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham deceased and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, so the like Uses.

13. An Act to impower Richard Garth Esquire, to make Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey, for building upon and improving the same.

14. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Baldock, in the County of Hertford, devised by the Will of Edward Sparhauke Gentleman, deceased, in Lawndey Sparhauke Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in Hertfordshire, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend William Lloyd Clerk, in Trustees, for raising Money, to discharge the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for confirming a Partition between John Edwards Esquire, John Freemantle Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and Mary Edwards Spinster, of several Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of Bristol devised by the Will of John Schoppens Esquire, deceased; and of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John Schoppens.

17. An Act to enable Charles Biddulph Esquire, and his three Infant Sons, John Biddulph, Charles Biddulph, and Thomas Biddulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors, Capital, and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Stafford, of which they are Tenants for Life successively.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of Gloucester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, in the Parish of Wolburton, in the County of Sussex.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrake, in the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sancton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Hickham, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there, lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields, or adjoining thereto.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Buckingham.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shackston, otherwise Shackerston, in the County of Leicester.

30. An Act for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, tn the Hamlet of Wimblington, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatteress, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Nafferton and Wansford, in the Parish of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds, within the Township of Atwick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to Highedge, in the County of Derby.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common, called Crosgate Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts of Cublington, in the County of Buckingham.

37. An Act to enable the Reverend John Woof, his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Davies, in pursuance of the Will of the Reverend John Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased.

38. An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Gallway, pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Gallway, Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Diedrick Hesbuysen.

40. An Act for naturalizing Henry Uhthoff.

41. An Act for naturalizing Peter Rauert, and David Lewis Godin.

42. An Act for vesting in Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Dumfries; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with the said entailed Estate.

43. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees, and other Trees, standing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford; and to enable them to fell, cut down, sell, and dispose of, the same; and to lay out a competent Part or the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient Mansion House of the Family, called Doddington Hall, in the County of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith; and for other Purposes.

44. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Astley, Baronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Settlement made on his Marriage with Rhoda Astley his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as therein mentioned.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Swinburn Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and to lay out and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for vesting the Estates of the Honourable William Noel Esquire, deceased, situate in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein mentioned.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable-Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Township of Lelley, in the Parish of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Parish of South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barnolby le Beck, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the several Townships of Atterby, Snitterby, and Waddingham, in the County of Lincoln.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Township of Sheriff Hutton and West Lilling, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, lying in Osbaldwick, with Gate Helmsley and and Peterland Row, in the County of York.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Walsingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

56. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, with the Honourable Ann Liddell his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Morgan, with Sarah Mackelcan, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for selling the Capital Messuage or Mansion House, called Percy Lodge, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of the most Noble Frances late Duchess Dowager of Somerset; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate, devised and directed to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in Token-house Yard, London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will; and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed.

60. An Act for changing and altering the Course of Descent of Copyhold Estates held (of the Manor of Woverley, in the County of Worcester) from the Nature of Borough English, to the Course of Descent according to Common Law.

61. An Act to enable the Reverend Christopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, a Lease of the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for a Term of ninety-nine Years.

62. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Barrow, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for vesting the Real Estates of Richard Chichester Esquire, deceased, in England, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Legacies charged upon and affecting the same, and the Interest thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act to impower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to grant Leases of Part of his settled Estates in the County of Middlesex, and City of London.

65. An Act for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies thereunto belonging, or thereon dependent, into two separate Vicarages, and two separate perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned.

66. An Act to enable the Corporation of the City of Bristol, to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Queen Elisabeth's Hospital, for the Building called The Bartholomew's, in the said City; and for altering the Times for holding Bristol Fairs.

67. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Woodlands, and a certain Close or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Saint Catharine End, in the Parish of Ryslip, in the County of Middlesex.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other inclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youlthorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the East Riding of the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields in the Moor or Common, within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knuston, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the County of Westmoreland.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Throughend Common, in the Parish of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Fleckney, in the County of Leicester.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes of Holyrood Ampney otherwise Ampney Crucis, and Ampney Mary otherwise Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Thulston, otherwise Thurlston, in the County of Leicester.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of the Township of Wiggington, in the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordships of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, Slade-Hooton, and Hooton-Slade, in the Parish of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act for discharging certain Estates of Denys Rolle Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and or settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses.

83. An Act for revoking and making void Part of the Trusts declared by an Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, initituled, An Act for selling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest Son, affecting the same; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman the elder; and for declaring other Trusts relative thereto; and for making Provision for Payment of other Debts and Incumbrances of the said Robert Dolman the elder, and Robert Dolman the younger, not provided for by the said Act; and for making a Recompence and Provision for the first and other Sons in Succession, or other Heirs of the Bodies of the said Robert Dolman the younger, and Peggy his Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mother, and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security of Purchasers under the said Act.

84. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Thomas Whitehurst Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurst, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said County of Hertford, to the same Uses as the said Estates were settled.

85. An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Agreements, entered into between William Hurst, William Powell, Esquires, and others, for raising Money out of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert Esquire, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for other Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said Estates to the Uses of her Will.

86. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, the Freehold and Inheritance of the Estate of George Markham Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, along with a precedent Term therein, and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Settlement of Peregrine Bertie Esquire with Catherine his present Wife.

88. An Act for indemnifying Thomas Twisleton and Francis Twisleton, Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, belonging to James Ness Gentleman, and Charlotte his Wife, as to the Payment of their Purchase Money, and settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of Bedford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open Commonable and Walk Lands, within the Parish of Hucknal-Torkard, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of Coln Saint Aldwins, in the County of Gloucester.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Lord ship of Claypole, within the Manor and Parish of Claypole, in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Moors within the Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Braithwell in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Oxford.

97. An Act for inclosing certain Common and uninclosed Tracts of Land, in the Parishes of Horsington, Wincanton, and Mapperton, in the County of Somerset.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, in the Township of Thornley, in the Parish of Wolsingham, and within the Manor of Brancepeth, in the County Palatine of Durham.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of Bedford.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick; and for regulating certain Charity Estates within the said Parish.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the County of Northampton.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County of York.

104. An Act for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of Laneham, Rampton, Treswell, South Leverton, North Leverton, Habblesthorpe, otherwise Apesthorpe, Littlebrough, Sturton, Fenton, and West Burton, in the County of Nottingham.

105. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Grenville, and the Right Honourable Charles Earl Cornwallis to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay-master General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

106. An Act to enable William Walsh, heretofore called William Mosely, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Walsh, pursuant to the Will of William Walsh, deceased.

107. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Canale Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thorold.

108. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard Halls.

109. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Hoffman.

110. An Act for vesting the Estates of the Right Honourable William late Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, devised by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes.

111. An Act for vesting in Trustees several Real Estates, late of Jane Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hessle, Tranby, Anlaby, and elsewhere, within the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull which were given and devised, by her Will, to and for the Benefit of the Reverend Mr. James Torre, Clerk, her Son, and his Children, upon Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by the Sale in manner therein expressed.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.
