Private Acts passed in 1770, 10 George 3 c.1 - c.96.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Germain, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider.

3. An Act for naturalizing Adam Kroll.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler.

5. An Act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to grant a Lease or Leases of a Close of Ground, commonly called Tha Bishop's Park, in the Parish of Saint Augustine, otherwise called Saint Augustine the Less, within the City of Bristol or the Suburbs thereof.

6. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of Halloughton, in the County of Leicester.

7. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Waddington, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Scawby, in the County of Lincoln.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of Westmoreland.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of Mendip, in the Parishes of East Cranmore and West Cranmore, in the County of Somerset.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Donington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of Oxford.

15. An Act to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Backwell, pursuant to the Will of William Backwell, deceased.

16. An Act to enable William Head Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb Schuster.

18. An Act for naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin.

19. An Act for naturalizing John Julius Angerstein.

20. An Act for vesting the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Wilts, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for discharging certain Estates from the Uses and Trusts thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Caldicot Esquire, with raising Money, to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estates so charged to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for charging the said Estates to the several Uses and Trusts therein mentioned.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Navenby, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Bassenthwaite, in the County of Cumberland.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Copses, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Denton, otherwise Divington Parva, in the County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the County of Lincoln.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground, called Dunnington Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of West Heslerton and Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bottesford, including the Hamlets of Easthorfe and Normanton, in the County of Leicester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing two common stinted Pastures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Open Ground, in the Township of Earswick, in the County of York.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenstone, otherwise Raunston, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of Westwell, in the County of Oxford.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, and me Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkston-Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York.

40. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain ether Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Appach.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Gottfried Hanman.

45. An Act for vesting a certain Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, in Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of the most Noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Duke; and for settling other Estates of the said Duke to the same Uses as the said Messuage and Premises now stand limited.

46. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, settled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, commonly called Viscount Folkstone, and William Earl of Radnor, and their Issue respectively, by the Will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge Incumbrances; and for vesting several Lands and Tenements settled and intailed upon the said Earl and his issue, by the Will of Sir Edward Des Bouverie Baronet deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

47. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Winterbourne Clenston, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for the Right Honourable Joseph Lord Milton and his Heirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which the same now stands limited; and in lieu thereof to subject and charge the same, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, whereof the said Joseph Lord Milton, is seised in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes.

48. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Edgecombe, to grant building Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Stonehouse, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon.

49. An Act for confirming an Agreement, afterwards made an Order of Assize, and Rule of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, in a Cause wherein John Doe, on the Demise of William Salvin Esquire and Catherine his Wife was Plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornton, Spinsters, Infants, by their Guardians, were Defendants, touching the Manor of Netherwitton, Capital Messuage of Netherwitton, and other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Northumberland, heretofore the Estate of John Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Esquire, deceased; and for confirming the Award made in pursuance of the said Agreement.

50. An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Settlement of Sir George Robinson Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the settled Estates in or near Tower-Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in Brasen Nose College, Oxford, founded by the said Testator; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act for vesting the Manor of Snelston, and certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Snelston, in the County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Docksey Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to Arthur Bowyer Gentleman, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

53. An Act for vesting the Share and Interest of George Rich Esquire, second Son of Sir Robert Rich Baronet, deceased, of and in 6000l. (which, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with Dame Elizabeth Rich, his now Widow, was secured for the Benefit of their younger Children) in the Executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as Part of his Personal Estate, pursuant to a Codicil to his. Will, made for that Purpose.

54. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of the Honourable George Hobart, in the County of Leicester; and for inverting the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

55. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between John Fitzherbert Clerk, Master of Arts, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dovebridge, within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendish Baronet, by and with the Consent of the Patron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the Diocese.

56. An Act for impowering the Guardians named in the Will of William Throckmorton Bromley Esquire, deceased, to make Sale of Timber growing upon Part of his settled Estates; and for investing the Money thereby arising in the Purchase of Lands for the Benefit of his Infant Children.

57. An Act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all Sales, Partitions, and Divisions, made, or to be made, by virtue of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter Blount Baronet, and the Honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and of the Honourable Thomas Clifford the elder, and the Honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes.

58. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the said County of York; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein; and for enlarging the Powers contained in the said Act, and for other Purposes.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and stinted common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Matton, in the County of Lincoln.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, and County of Leicester.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrop, in the County of Bedford.

63. An Act For dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and all other Open, Common, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanton upon Soar, in the County of Nottingham.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington Pigotts, otherwise Abington in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcester Heath, within the Manor of Aulcester, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Westborough and Doddington, in the Parish of Westborough cum Doddington, in the County of Lincoln.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, Within the Township and Parish of Croat Useburne, in the West Riding of the County of York.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of East Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Foxton, in the County of Leicester.

74. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of Clanricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Articles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him; and for resettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

75. An Act for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mall, and the Pictures and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of Orford, discharged from certain Trusts created thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned.

76. An Act to enable the surviving Executor named in the Will of William Lock Esquire, deceased, to lay out the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and assured, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will, instead of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in England, as by the said Will is directed.

77. An Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright Esquire to sell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned.

78. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James Nelthorpe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the same, or a sufficient Part thereof, may he sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed.

79. An Act For confirming a Jointure made by John Martin Esquire, under a Power contained in the Will of James Martin Esquire, deceased, and rendering the same Power more effectual.

80. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates late of Richard Champneys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

81. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and her issue, in Heneage Earl of Aylesford, and his Heirs; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warwick, the Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

82. An Act for vesting several Messuages, or Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in Stable Yard Street, in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Estate of Thomas Elvey Bricklayer, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors, and Directors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to such Uses as the said Messuage or Tenements do now stand limited.

83. An Act to enable Charles Anderson (now called Charles Pelham), Charles Anderson the Uncle, and Evelyn Anderson, Esquires, to make jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Charles Pelham, late of Brocklesby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased.

84. An Act for vesting the two Undivided Fourth Parts of Priscilla Allett (the Wife of John Allett Esquire) and of William James Warner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only Children of Alice Warner (the late Wife of William Warner Gentleman), of and in the Manors or reputed Manors of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, and divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same to William Prowett Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned.

85. An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Worcester, Dorset, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, late the Estates of Thomas Prowse Esquire, deceased, and which, upon the Death of George Prowse Esquire, his only Son, devolved upon, and vested in, the two Daughters and Coheiresses of the said Thomas Prowse deceased; and for settling and assuring the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon the said Partition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of each of the said Daughters, to the several Uses therein limited.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Dunsford and Branton, in the County of York.

87. An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comberford and Wiggington, or Prebends of Wiggington and Cotan, in the County of Stafford.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Parishes of Mapleton and Aldbrough, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mattersey, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Easington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in East Heslerton, in the Parish of West Heslerton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Grenville, the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster Genera), of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

96. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, and the Right Honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

