Private Acts passed in 1771, 11 George 3 c.1 - c.113.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 11.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Bernard Perny.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Lowick, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin Crinsoz.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Slipton, in the County of Northampton.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Carrs and other uninclosed Grounds, within the several Townships of Lockington and Ayke, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Lockington.

6. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Portman.

7. An Act for more effectually vesting the Reversion in Fee Simple of and in divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham and Stafford, in Washington Earl Ferrers, and his Trustees; and for confirming Letters Patent granted thereof, and of certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, to the said Earl, in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, between William Lambton Esquire, and the Honourable and Right Reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Durham, and the other Persons therein named.

9. An Act to enable the Bishop of Hereford to exchange certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Hereford.

10. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies and Incumbrances mentioned in and appointed to be paid by his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered into by him, for selling and leasing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity.

11. An Act to impower Sir Francis Blake Delaval Knight of the Bath, or the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement of his Family Estates, dated the Nineteenth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, to grant to Thomas Delaval Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, a certain Parcel of Land and Buildings, Liberties and Privileges; and also to grant Two several Leases for Ninety nine Years each, to, or in Trust for the said Thomas Delaval and Sir John Huffey Delaval Baronet, of certain Lands, Copperas Works, Buildings, Liberties and Privileges in the Manors of Hartley and Seaton Delaval, in the County of Northumberland, Part of the Settled Estates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for effectuating a Conveyance of the real Estates late of John Essington Esquire, deceased, to the Purchasers thereof, under a Decree or Order of the High Court of Chancery.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Township and Liberties of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Bucks.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the County of Leicester.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in Keyham, in the Parish of Rothley, and County of Leicester.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hill Croome, in the County of Worcester.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor, within the Manor of Nether Wyersdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pasture, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township, Hamlet or Liberty of Fairfield, in the Parish of Hope, and County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Brickhill, in the County of Bucks.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sproxton, in the County of Leicester.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted Pastures, called The North Moor, Longhill, Bark and Garforth Close, within the Township of Rilston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Saltby, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right Honourable Matthew Lord Ducie deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

25. An Act to enable Captain Samuel Pitchford, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Sir Samuel Cornish, deceased, pursuant to his Will.

26. An Act to enable Thomas Grundy, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Swinsen.

27. An Act to enable William Mackenzie, David Gravier and John Gravier, respectively, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Godfrey.

28. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Francis Macartney Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

29. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Knight Esquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for naturalizing Henry Renner.

31. An Act for rendering valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Twenty first Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy, made between Frances Countess Dowager of Londonderry, Philip Earl Stanhope, and others; and for vesting several Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Wilts, in Trustees, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

32. An Act for rendering effectual an Exchange of certain Lands, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Avington, in the County of Southampton, for certain other Lands in the said Parish of Avington, belonging to the Most Honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon.

33. An Act to enable Francis Charteris Esquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyss, and the Heirs of his Body, and several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to retain, assume and sign the Name of Charteris, and to bear the Arms of Charteris, and to hold and enjoy the Estate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the Descent to him or them respectively of the Honour and Title of Wemyss, or any other Honour or Title whatsoever.

34. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a certain Piece of inclosed Land, in the Parish of East Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and Diocese of London, for other inclosed Land, Parcel of the Glebe of the said Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between Benjamin Underwood Clerk, Master of Arts, Rector of the said Parish of East Barnet, and John Pybus Esquire.

35. An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of Charles Macarthy More, deceased, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Wood Grounds and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Alveston, in the County of Warwick.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Aston Subedge, in the County of Gloucester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Pasture, called Myton Carr, in the Lordship of Myton, in the Parish of The Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

39. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Downs, and all other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of East Garston, in the County of Berks.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Monyash, in the Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs and other Open and Common Grounds, within the Township of Lisset, in the Parish of Beeforth otherwise Beford, in the East Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing Priestwood Common, in the Parishes of Mackworth, Kedleston and Meynell Langley, or some of them, in the County of Derby.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of West Ashby, within the Manors of Horncastle and West Ashby, in the County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting the several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Kilham on the Woulds, in the County of York.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common and Waste Ground, called The Outwoods, within the Township or Hamlet of Horninglow, in the Parish of Burton, in the County of Stafford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common or Waste Lands, Stinted Pastures and Commonable Grounds within the Hamlets of Stapenhill and Winshill, in the County of Derby.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands in the several Hamlets of Stretton, Horninglow, Bond End and Branston within the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Pastures within the Township of Hetton, in the Parish of Burnsal, and West Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Reston, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Boothby Grassoe, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons and Wastes within the Manor of Scalby, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also a certain Common, called Throxenby Moor otherwise Newby Moor within the same Riding.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands and Waste Grounds within the Township of Melton, in the Parish of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and the Common or Heath, called Kilsall Heath, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Donington, in the County of Salop.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Holland Ward otherwise Hollin Ward, in the County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Broadway, in the County of Worcester.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Commonable Grounds and Wastes, called Redditch Common and Webheath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg, which lies in the County of Worcester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Common Pastures, within the Liberties of Stapleford and Bramcote, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Butler's Marston, in the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Beanhall Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Feckenham, in the County of Worcester.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Village, Hamlet, Township and Manor of Oxenhope, in the Parish of Bradford, and County of York.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds within the Townships of North Muskham, Holme and Bathley, in the Parish of North Muskham, in the County of Nottingham.

64. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Du Roveray, John Daniel Naville, John Peter Eynard, David Chollett and John Zacharias Gertcken.

65. An Act for naturalizing Augustine Noverre.

66. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts and Portions of the Estate and Barony of Carrington, in the County of Edinburgh, which formerly belonged to Hugh Lord Viscount Primrose, deceased, and now to Neil Earl of Roseberry, for Payment of the Debts of the said Viscount.

67. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Estate of John Sutton Esquire, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Trust, to be sold, for Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, the Portion of Isabella Sutton, deceased, and for the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing Sheriff Hales Common, in the County of Stafford.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen Land, within the Parish of Algarkirke cum Fosdyke, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

63. An Act to impower Sir John Gibbons to shut up the Footpaths over certain Lands, in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex; and to extinguish all Claims and Right of Common in and over the said Lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in Repair a Footpath in lieu thereof; and to vest certain Premises and a Sum of Money in Trustees, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

71. An Act for discharging the Manor of Coldheseldon, and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife, and by a certain Act of Parliament, which passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and for settling another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

72. An Act for enabling Sir Henry Harpur Baronet to make Leases of his Estates in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, for Three Lives, or Ninety nine Years, or such other Leases as are therein mentioned.

73. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Shelley Baronet, and of the Right Honourable John Shelley his Son, in the several Counties of Kent and Wilts, and also of a Farm called Kingsham Farm, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Sussex; and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Discharge of the Portions of the Daughters of the said Sir John Shelley, affecting the Estates of him and his said Son; and for other Purposes.

74. An Act to exchange Lands in Langham, in the County of Suffolk, between Patrick Black Esquire, and Edward Burch, Rector of the Parish Church of Langham aforesaid, within the Diocese of Norwich.

75. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Mills, Lands and Tenements, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Joseph Bullock Esquire, in Trustees, to convey and assign the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are mentioned in said Settlement.

76. An Act for confirming a Conveyance to Henry Flitcroft Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of York, purchased by the Trustees in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Goring Esquire, and Fanny his Wife; and for confirming a Conveyance made by the said Henry Flitcroft to the Use of the said Trustees of other Estates, in lieu thereof, in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the Settlement of William Pulteney Esquire, and Frances his Wife, to grant Leases of their Leasehold Estates in Westminster.

78. An Act for confirming a Deed of Trust, dated the Thirty first of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and for the more effectual enabling the Trustees to raise the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned, by Mortgage or Sale of the Freehold Estate of George Smyth the elder, and George Smyth the younger, Esquires, situate in the County of Gloucester, or of a competent Part thereof.

79. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Nicholas Corsellis Esquire, deceased, at Wivenhoe and Elmsted, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances.

80. An Act for vesting the Manor of Astley, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Astley, Tyldesley and Bedford, in the County of Lancaster, comprised in the Marriage Articles of Thomas Frogatt, and Hannah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses, upon the Trusts, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes and Restrictions, therein mentioned.

81. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Parkinson, Edward Heathcote and Catharine his Wife, and their respective Children, lying in the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln and Chester, in Trustees, to sell a sufficient Part thereof for Payment of Debts and Legacies affecting the same, and for making a Partition of the Remainder thereof, and settling the entire Premises to the Uses therein mentioned.

82. An Act for discharging from Tithe certain Lands, in the Parish of Sebraham otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland; and for making Compensation to the Curate of the said Parish for the same.

83. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in Ladus Fen, in the Isle of Ely.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Places, in Waverton otherwise Wareton, in the Parish of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hampstead Norreys, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Stretton Common Field, and certain Common or Waste Grounds, called Stretton Heath, and Stretton Horse Slead, in the Parish of Stretton on the Foss, in the County of Warwick.

87. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Hamlets and Liberties of Knightcot and Northend, in the Parish of Burton Dasset, in the County of Warwick.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Naunton Beauchamp, in the County of Worcester.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and all other Common and Waste Lands in the Liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton Harcourt, in the Parish of Wislow, and County of Leicester.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Stretton under Foss, in the Parish of Monk's Kirby, in the County of Warwick.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, at Long Riston and Arnold, in the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish and Liberties of Pattishall, within the Hamlets of Eastcote, Astcote and Darlescote, in the County of Northampton.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Waste Grounds, of, within and belonging to the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Hartford, in the County of Huntingdon.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Township of Butterwick, in the Parish of Foxholes, in the East Riding of the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Earls Barton, in the County of Northampton.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wedon and Weston otherwise Wedon Pinkney otherwise Loys Wedon, in the County of Northampton.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Watford, and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Murcott, in the Parishes of Watford and Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor or Common, called Elvet Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Intercommon Lands in the said Parish.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Misterton, in the County of Nottingham.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Ubly, in the County of Somerset.

102. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Matthias Justus and Theophilus Christian Blanckenhagen.

103. An Act for naturalizing Francis Harrand.

104. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, several Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish, Duke of Portland, upon Trust to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by Sale thereof in manner therein mentioned.

105. An Act for vesting the Manor, Capital Messuage, Barton Farm and Demesne Lands of Cadhay, situate in Ottery Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Booth Williams Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said settled Estate.

106. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agreement, dated the Twenty third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy, between Humphrey Minchin Esquire and George Clive Esquire, and for vesting certain Estates in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in certain Trustees and their Heirs, for that Purpose.

107. An Act for vesting certain Messuages in The Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of James Theobald Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to James Adam Esquire; and for laying out the Purchase Money in Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate do now stand limited.

108. An Act for vesting the Copyhold Estate of Richard Maddock Gentleman, deceased, situate at Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Principal Money and Interest due upon a Mortgage thereof, and of certain Freehold Estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the County of Wilts.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Meadows, Commons and Downs, in the Parishes of Preston and Stratton, in the County of Gloucester.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen belonging to Boston West, in the County of Lincoln.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common fen belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the Parish of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brampton en le Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for naturalizing Carsten Dirs and Jacob Glostein.

