Private Acts passed in 1772, 12 George 3 c.1 - c.145.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 11.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Diederick Meyerhoss.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Poel.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil.

4. An Act for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish North Crawley, in the County of Bucks.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clareton with Coneystrop, and a Piece of Waste Ground, called Shortfill, in the manor of Allerton with Flaxby, in the County of York.

7. An Act to enable Henry Peyton Esquire (lately called Henry Dashwood) and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of Peyton, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Peyton Baronet, deceased.

8. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis De la Rive and Francis Menet.

9. An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Jequier.

10. An Act for Sale of a Capital Freehold Messuage in Saint James' Square, in the Right Honourable Allen Lord Bathurst, unto Sir Watkin Williams Wynne Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement; and for settling an Estate in the County of Northampton, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

11. An Act for annulling and making void certain Articles of Agreement, made previous and in order to the Marriage of George Wilson Esquire, and Anne Sybelle, his now Wife, and the Settlement made after their Marriage, in pursuance of the said Articles, in Confirmation of a Decree and Order of the High Court of Chancery.

12. An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity, in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Catharine Leveson.

13. An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Break Lands, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Roundham, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the parish of Skeffington, and County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures and Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Fincham, in the County of Norfolk.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Great Ormside, in the Parish of Ormside, in the County of Westmorland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Scaftworth, in the County of Nottingham.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Woolley, in the County of Huntingdon.

19. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, of and within the Manor of Little Kington, Combrooke and Brookehampton, in the County of Warwick.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, or Commons, called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor, within the Manor of Brearton, in the Parish of Knaresborough, in the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Denshanger, in the Parish of Passenham, in the County of Northampton.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Places in the Parish of Handborough, in the County of Oxford.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Liberties of Soulbury, with the Hamlet of Hollindon, in the County of Bucks.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Rushton James, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Moorby cum Wilksby, in the Townships of Moorby and Wilksby, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds and Stinted Pasture, within the Manor of Sandford, in the Parish of Warcop, in the County of Westmoreland.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Buxton, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields within the Parish of Manton, in the County of Rutland.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish, Lordship or Liberties of Low Toynton, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands, in the Township, Liberties and Precincts of Epwell, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting, the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Meadow Ground within the Manor and Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures and Grounds within the Parish of Cavanham, in the County of Suffolk.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Moors and Common Pastures, in the Lordship of Middle Raisin, in the County of Lincoln.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields and Waste Grounds within the Township of Follifoot, in the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stainby, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Quinton, in the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and all other Commonable Lands, within the Precincts of the Hamlet of Throckmorton, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Pollington, Baln, Whitley and Whitley Thorpe, Great Heck and Little Heck, in the Parishes of Snaith and Kellington, in the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Hammeringham, in the County of Lincoln.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Stapleford, in the County of Leicester.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Kemerton, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Carlton Moor, or Common, and an Open Field, called The Town Field, in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

43. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Edward Viscount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Colleton Baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Lewis with Susannah Hale otherwise Heale, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ambrose Godfrey Hanckwitz, with Dorothy Ashcroft, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry him again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Last Will and Testament of James Macartney Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

48. An Act to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other Persons therein described, to take and use the Surname, Arms and Crest of Long, pursuant to the Will of James Long, deceased.

49. An Act to enable Reginald Pole Esquire, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, deceased.

50. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer, Peter Boetefeur, John Gotthelf Rucker and John Adam Guth.

51. An Act for naturalizing John Luke Iselin.

52. An Act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

53. An Act for raising, out of the Estates late of Ann Nugent deceased, the Sum of 10,000l. for the Benefit of the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare in the Kingdom of Ireland, her late Husband; and for raising out of the Estates late of Elizabeth Elliot deceased, the like Sum of 1,000l. for the Benefit of Edward Elliot Esquire, in recompence and satisfaction to the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare and Edward Elliot, for their severally consenting to give up and relinquish certain Powers of leasing for Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, reserved to them respectively, in and by the several Last Wills of them the said Ann Nugent and Elizabeth Elliot, and the Settlement which have been made in pursuance thereof; and for vacating, annulling and extinguishing the said Powers of Leasing; and for other the Purposes therein expressed.

54. An Act for granting to William Jones Esquire, on certain Contingencies therein mentioned, a Term for Ninety nine Years, if he shall so long live, in the Real Estates, late of William Jones Esquire, deceased, in the several Counties of Wilts and Berks, upon such Terms as are therein mentioned.

55. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, in the County of Southampton, late the Estate of John Mills Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof towards discharging his Debts and Legacies.

56. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of Edward Holden Cruttendon Esquire, deceased, in the Parishes of Putney and Rochampton, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees for the Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Authorities given to George Fieschi Heneage Esquire, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, to charge certain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln, of which he is now strict Tenant for Life, with a certain Sum of Money, for reimbursing to him the Expences which he has been at in the inclosing the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Common Grounds, within the Hamlet of Barleythorpe, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kingsnorton, in the County of Worcester.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Ockbrook, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Waste Grounds within the Township of Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing, inclosing and draining a certain Parcel of Land, called or known by the Name of The Cow Pasture, lying in the South Fen, in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing and draining several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Sigglestorne, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Townships and Places of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burstwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidsea and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Owstwick, Rooss, Rimswell, Turstall, Waxholme, Elstenwick, Lelley, Humbelton, Fitling, Hilston, Garton, Albrogh, Flinton and Tansterne within the Seigniory of Holderness, and East Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Tardebigg, as lies in the County of Worcester.

66. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Manor of Warwick, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Bampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

68. An Act to confirm and establish an Indenture of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Pounton, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing several other Common Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, in the same Manor and Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Manors and Parishes of Kemble and Pool, in the County of Wilts.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of West Halton, in the County of Lincoln.

72. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Skinn with Ann Skinn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act for naturalizing Henry Francis Sellon.

75. An Act for naturalizing John Bousquet.

76. An Act for naturalizing John Louis Lautier.

77. An Act for naturalizing Jaques Louis Pourtalés.

78. An Act for vesting in the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, and his Heirs, the Manor, or reputed Manor, and Rectory and Parsonage Appropriate, of Potterspury otherwise Eastpury, in the County of Northampton, (except the Presentation to the Advowson to the Church there) and certain Messuages, Lands, Tithes and Hereditaments, situate and arising in the same County, the Estate of Robert Brydges Esquire, a Lunatick; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Wood and Wood Land, called Darwell otherwise Dowell Wood, in the County of Gloucester, also the Estate of the said Lunatick, on Payment, by the said Duke and Thomas Hancox, of their respective Purchase Money, in such manner, and for such purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting the legal Estate and Interest of and in certain Freehold Lands at Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, now vested in Charles Townshend Esquire, an Infant Trustee, in the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and his Heirs, and in certain Copyhold Lands in Kenneth Mackenzie Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust for the said Duke, and his Heirs.

80. An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the Honourable John Montagu, commonly called Lord Viscount Hinchinbrook, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of the Countess of Sandwich's Moiety of Estates in the Counties of Ardmagh and Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

81. An Act to impower certain Persons to enfranchise several Customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Brampton, Farlam, Upper Denton, Nether Denton, Talkin, Irthington, Laversdale, Newby, Askerton, Warton, Wood, Troddermain, Hayton cum Witton, Carlatton Castle, Carrock, Cumrew, Blackenthwate and Newhiggin, within the Barony, or reputed Barony of Gilslana, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, and settled to certain Uses by the Will of the said Henry Earl of Carlisle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

82. An Act for vesting in Sir George Colebrooke Baronet, and his Heirs, so much of the Manor of Lordship of Stebunheath otherwise Stebunith otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Estate of the said Sir George Colebrooke, as is limited and settled in and by an Act of Parliament; which passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and also for vesting other settled Estates of the said Sir George Colebrooke, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Edward Shelley Esquire, to cut down and sell Timber, upon the settled Estates of the said Edward Shelley, in the County of Sussex; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, and other Purposes.

84. An Act to enable the Governors, and Assistants to the said Governors, in the Rule and Government of the said Possessions, Revenues and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of Elizabeth Queen of England, in the Town of Asheburne, in the County of Derby, in their Corporate Capacity; and the said Governors and Assistants, as Trustees of Six Alms Houses in Asheburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher Pegg Esquire, deceased; to convey certain Lands and Possessions of the said School and Alms Houses respectively, in the Parishes of Wingerworth and Ashover, in the said County, to Henry Gladwin, of Wingerworth, in the said County, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands, in the Parish of Brailsford, in the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

85. An Act for impowering and enabling the Trustees named in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Daniel Danvers Esquire, and Mary his Wife, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, to make Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, vested in them upon divers Trusts, mentioned in the said Settlement; and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in such manner as the said Leasehold Estates stand settled.

86. An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Lothbury, within the City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

87. An Act for vesting the settle Estate of William Halhead Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to James King Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purposes; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

88. An Act for enabling Henry Blundell Esquire, Tenant for Life under Settlement, to carry into Execution Articles of Agreement between him and the Right Honourable the Earl of Sefton, for the Exchange of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in such Settlement, for other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments of the said Earl; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act to enable the Guardians of the Infant Children of the Honourable Mary Sandys, deceased, to make Leases of their settled Estates in England and Ireland, during their respective Minorities.

90. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estate of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to apply certain Sums of Money to the Relief of his poor Kindred, and to enable the said Trustees to grant Building Leases of an Estate, in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea and Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

91. An Act to impower William Hulton Esquire, to charge his settled Estates in the County of Lancaster, or some Parts thereof, with One thousand two hundred Pounds, and Three thousand Pounds, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and also to grant Leases of certain Parts of his said Estates.

92. An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands and Tenements, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldwyn Esquire, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold settled Estate.

93. An Act for vesting the settled Estates, and unsettled Estates, of John Gardner Kemys Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust, by Sale or Mortgage, to raise Money to pay off Portions and Debts, and redeem Annuities charged upon and affecting the same; and for resettling the Remainder thereof, and the Lands to be purchased as in the said Act is directed, to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand settled and limited.

94. An Act to vest in the Trustees named in the Will of Francis Basset Esquire, deceased, such like Powers of leasing and granting Setts of, and on the Estates comprised in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of John Pendarves Basset Esquire, deceased, as by the said Settlement were given to the Trustees therein named.

95. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Elizabeth Pearce, Widow, deceased, and William Hall Esquire, otherwise Pearce, her eldest Son, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Portions of her younger Children, and other Incumbrances; and for settling other Parts of her Estates to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

96. An Act for making a Partition of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Surrey and Middlesex, in the City of London; and of Four fifth Parts or Shares of a Plantation in the Island of Barbadoes, in the West Indies; and of Two Shares in the New River Water Works; and of an annual Rent of One thousand Pounds issuing out of the Revenues of the Post Office, devised by the Will of Thomas Walker Esquire, deceased; and also of the Manor and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex and Gloucester, comprised in the Settlements executed upon the Marriage of Stephen Skynner Esquire, deceased; and also of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Essex and Surrey, devised by the Will of the said Stephen Skynner, between the several Persons intitled to the said Estates, according to their respective Interests therein.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Stoke Prior, in the County of Worcester.

98. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting, the Open Fields, Common Pastures and other Uninclosed Grounds within the Township of Would Newton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Gunley, in the County of Leicester.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Liberties, Territories and Precincts of Astrop, in the Parishes of King Sutton and Newbottle, in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, and a stinted Pasture, called The Cow Pasture, in the Parish of Ackworth, in the County of York.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and draining the Open Fields, Common Pastures and Moors or Commons, in the Township and Parish of Terrington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Heath otherwise Hethe, in the County of Oxford, and for exonerating certain Lands belonging to William Fermer Esquire, from Tithes and Right of Common.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Shilton, in the County of Warwick.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Achurch, in the County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Aldwinckle in the County of Northampton.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds, Common Pastures and other Commonable Places, in the Township of Blockley, and Hamlets of Draycot and Paxford, in the Parish of Blockley, and County of Worcester.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Eastleach Therville, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Kings Ripton, in the County of Huntingdon.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands and Waste Grounds, of, within and belonging to the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Wing, in the County of Rutland.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, and certain other Commonable Places and Open Fields, within the Parish of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Open Fields and certain other Commonable Places, belonging to, and in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Sutterton, in the County of Lincoln.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Hamsteels Moor, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Laneham, in the County of Nottingham.

116. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Collier Esquire, with Christiana Gwyn, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

117. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Cazenove.

118. An Act for naturalizing Paul Pourtalés and Francis Gabriel Charles Muller.

119. An Act to enable the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire to grant Reversionary Leases of his Leasehold Estate, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

120. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable John Earl Spencer, comprised in, and settled by the last Will and Testament, and Codicil thereto, of the Most Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by certain Conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, from the Uses and Trusts declared by the said Will, Codicil and Conveyances; and for settling other Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

121. An Act for vesting the Manor of East Lavant, and divers Messuages and Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Sussex, intailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Mary late Countess Dowager of Derby, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

122. An Act to vest in Trustees, to be sold, certain Estates, in the Counties of York, Westmoreland and Lancashire, which belonged to Ann Fenwick Widow, before her intermarriage; and for the Relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such manner as in the said Act is mentioned.

123. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments in Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate of Philip Champion Crespigny Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as said Premises in Weeting now stand limited.

124. An Act for vesting certain Estates, belonging to the Drapers Company of the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, freed and discharged from certain Charities, to which the same are subject; and for vesting other Estates, belonging to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, in the said Company of Drapers, subject to the before mentioned Charities.

125. An Act to vest in Walter Lloyd Esquire, and others, a small Quantity of Ground, Parcel of the Glebe of the Rectory of Manerdivy, in the County of Pembroke, in Consideration of a certain yearly Rent thereby secured; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

126. An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, Part of the settled Estate of John Bullock Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

127. An Act to enable John Rolle Esquire, and Judith Maria Walrond, Spinster, to make Settlements on the Marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

128. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Humphry Minchin Esquire, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Principality of Wales, to be settled to the same Uses.

129. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, upon Trust, to sell and dispose of the same, and invest the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to such of the Uses of the Will of William Wall, deceased, as are now subsisting.

130. An Act for Sale of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Innerleith, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and of One undivided Fourth Part of the Lands of Darnchester, in the County of Berwick, being Parts of the entailed Estate of Colonel James Cathcart, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same Persons, and to the like Uses and Purposes.

131. An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate, for the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of Leasing given by the said Act to the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes.

132. An Act for re-investing divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Stafford, late the Estate of Robert Barbor, deceased, in the several Persons now in being, and for such Estates, as they are severally intitled under the Will of the said Robert Barbor; and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join in such Conveyances as shall be necessary for those Purposes.

133. An Act to impower James Batson and Edward Buckley Batson, Esquires, Testamentary Guardians of the Person and Estate of Edward Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley, an Infant, to grant Leases of the Estate of Pery Buckley Esquire, deceased.

134. An Act for vesting a Messuage, called Highfield House, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Gloucester, the settled Estates of Benjamin Jason Parrot Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed as therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

135. An Act for vesting divers Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting and Tomlinson Bunting, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Incumbrances and Legacies, charged upon, and affecting the same, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

136. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland.

137. An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting and improving certain Common Woods and Moor Lands within the Borough and Parish of Wigmore, in the County of Hereford.

138. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Parcels of Arable and Pasture Grounds, in the Manor of Much Wenlock otherwise Wenlock Magna otherwise Great Wenlock, in the County of Salop.

139. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Northampton.

140. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs and Commonable Lands in the several Parishes of Letcomb Basset otherwise Upper Letcomb, and Childrey, in the County of Berks.

141. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, within the Townships or Hamlets of Great and Little Stainton Newbiggin, and Great Blencow, in the Barony of Greystock, in the County of Cumberland.

142. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Charlton, in the Parishes of Newbottle and King's Sutton, or one of them in the County of Northampton.

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Moors within the Township of Royston, in the County of York.

144. An Act for vesting in William Russel, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, several Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for settling other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, of the said William Russel, in the County of Warwick, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

145. An Act for inrolling in the Court of Chancery in Great Britain an Exemplification of the Will of Christopher Robinson, late of the Colony of Virginia, in America, deceased, to be made under the Provincial Seal of the said Colony; and for making Copies of such Inrolment Evidence in Great Britain, for enfranchising certain Copyhold Estates, late the Property of the said Christopher Robinson, in the County of York; and for making Satisfaction to the Prebendary of Dunington for the same; and for other Purposes.
