Private Acts passed in 1773, 13 George 3 c.1 - c.116.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 11.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Paul D'Aigremont.

2. An Act for naturalizing Emeric Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and Abraham Favenc.

3. An Act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin.

4. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right Honourable Wellbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver-general, and Paymaster-general, of all His Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

5. An Act for vesting several Fee farm and other Rents, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising certain Copyhold or Customary Lands within the Manor of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

6. An Act to enable the Rector of Saint Martin in Birmingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory.

7. An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned in that Part of the Manor of Tardebig which lies in the County of Worcester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain waste Lands, called Hadsor Common, in the County of Worcester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Townships of Snaith and Cowick, in the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open arable Lands, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other commonable and waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill, in the County of Lincoln.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Gailes Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton Traverse otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of Kirby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton; and also Two Pieces of Land or Ground therein described, lying with the Parishes of Wellingborough and Great Doddington in the said County.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common and Wastes, within the Manor of Market Weighton with Shipton, in the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons or Waste Lands in the Manor of Market Weighton with Shipton, in the County of York.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester.

22. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Morier.

23. An Act for naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman.

24. An Act for naturalizing John Francis Curhood.

25. An Act for naturalizing Isabel Bouillon.

26. An Act for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville.

27. An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, late of Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, deceased, during the Minorities of his Children; and for establishing and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, her Infant Son, and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respecting certain Messuages and Tenements situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex.

28. An Act for vesting in John Earl of Hopetoun, and his Heirs in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the Counties of Haddington and Fife; and for settling in lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate.

29. An Act for vesting the Manors of East and West Stodeley, and certain other Hereditaments in the County of Devon, (Part of the settled Estates of James Bernard Esquire) in Trustees, to be conveyed to Matthew Brickdale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by him for the Purchase thereof; and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said Premises; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Reverend Samuel Hemming, Clerk, and Maria his Wife, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to George Adams Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for vesting the Purchase Money in other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses.

31. An Act for exonerating Part of the real Estate of Thomas Whichcot Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, from a Debt of Ten thousand Pounds, charged thereon for the Portions of the younger Children of Christopher Whichcot Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter of the said Thomas Whichcot; and for subjecting and charging other Lands of greater Value to the Payment thereof.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, Lot and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Hadden, in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteries, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also for ascertaining the Parts or Lots belonging to each Commoner, in certain Fens therein mentioned; and for empowering the Commoners to plough and cultivate the said Fens, for a certain Number of Years therein limited; and for obliging Occupiers of Lands in the Open Fields of Chatteries, to fence the same.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Township and Parish of East Keal otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands and Grounds within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Toyntons, in the Townships of Toyntons All Saints, and Toynton Saint Peters, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands within the Manor or Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Townships of Witton le Wear, and North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Witton le Wear, in the Manor of Wolsingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds within the Townships or Lordship of Wilton, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the North Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Furze and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Thorpe on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Land, within the Manor of Sambourn, in the County of Coughton, in the County of Warwick.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Places within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of Birmingham, in the County of Worcester.

47. An Act to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard Esquire, now called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe Esquire, deceased.

48. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Franel.

49. An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Oxford, Berks and Wilts, Part of the settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged; and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Premises in the County of Worcester, for other Lands and Premises in the said County, belonging to Thomas Foley Esquire.

51. An Act to impower the Wardens, Preceptor or Master of the Scholars, and Poor People of the Alms House or Hospital of Jesus, in Gisburn, in Cleveland, in the County of York, to convey a certain Messuage, and divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Alms House or Hospital, unto Charles Turner, of Kirkleatham, in the said Wardens, Preceptor or Master of the Scholars and Poor People of the Alms House or Hospital of Jesus, to carry into Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry Hewgill, of Hornby Grainge, in the said County of York, Clerk, for the Purchase of a certain Messuage or Tenement, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Birkby, in the North Riding of the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them and their Successors, for the Use, Benefit and Advancement of the said Charity.

52. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between Charles Turner Esquire, and the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Trinity College in Cambridge.

53. An Act for nominating a Person in the Room of Thomas Cartwright Esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright Widow, in directing the Sale of such Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright deceased, as they shall think proper, for raising Five thousand seven hundred Pounds; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act to enable James Theobald Esquire, to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments situate at White Waltham, in the County of Berks, (Part of his settled Estate) to the Reverend William Read, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand limited.

55. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands and other Lands in the Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Rectory, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground within the Township of East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds within the Town and Territories of Burstwick and Sheckling, in the Parish of Sheckling cum Burstwick in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Township and Liberties of Houghton cum Witton, in the County of Huntingdon.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Walsgrave otherwise Falsgrave, in the Parish of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties and Precincts of Broad Sibford otherwise Sibford Gower, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

61. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places and other Lands and Grounds within the Township of Whitgreave, in the County of Stafford.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands and Waste Grounds of, within and belonging to the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Preston, in the County of Rutland.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of Newbold aforesaid.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds and Common Fens, in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Wastes and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tingewick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the County of Bucks.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

68. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Parish of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the County of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton and Kildswick in the County of York.

71. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Featherston Bowerbank, with Anne Jane Bonnet, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

72. An Act to enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, (late Edward Gregge) Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take and use the Surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms of Hopwood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hopwood, deceased.

73. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands and Tenements, in the Isle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Miller Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

74. An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of John Hudson late of Bessingby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling the other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses.

75. An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of Russels, and the Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances in Chesilford otherwise Chilford, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, comprized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr. Charles Smith, and Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bishop Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

76. An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the Town of Sedbergh, in the County of York, to exchange certain Lands and Possessions of the said School, therein mentioned, with Walter Vavasour, of Weston, in the said County, Esquire, for other Lands in the Parish of Sedbergh, aforesaid, of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

77. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session, in Scotland, to sell each Part or Parts of the Estate of Barholm in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John McCulloch, now of Barholm, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same, and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in Tail on the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

78. An Act to impower the Feoffees of Roan's Charity in Greenwich, to sell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for selling the settled Estates of Henry Cornish Henley, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, Wooten Fitz-pain, and Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill and Bengrove, in the Parish of Beckford and County of Gloucester.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Pastures of Sheasby, in the Parish of Knaptoft, and County of Leicester.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Pastures, called Hognaston Wynn, and Hognaston Oldfield, within the Liberty of Hognaston, in the County of Derby.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Longmarston, in the County of Gloucester.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds within the Township of Preston, in Holdernesse, in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for severing, dividing, inclosing and allotting divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds within the Townships of Groppenhall and Latchford, in the County Palatine of Chester.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields within the Township and Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings or Meadow Grounds and Commons or Waste Grounds within the Township and Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Gordon Esquire, with John Norris Fisher, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Green Clerk, with Elizabeth Green, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

92. An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Estates, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, between Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, and Sir Walter Blackett Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them.

93. An Act for the Division, Allotment and Appropriation of several Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Leicester, Nottingham and Lincoln, the Estates of Thomas Heron Esquire, whereof he is either Tenant for Life, under different Settlements, whereof he is intitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple.

94. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Smith Child Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money to pay off the Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Spelman Clerk, in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

96. An Act for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned, and to apply the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles in the Town of Newark upon Trent and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and for laying out the Residue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned.

97. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants within the Honour, Manor and Lordship of Hornby; and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Free Farm and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines and other Services of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall within the time limited by this Act come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines and Franchisements, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Act mentioned.

98. An Act to impower the Reverend Ptolemy Humfrey Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcot Clerk, and Catherina Dorothea his Wife; and to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes in Thorpe Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard Jennings of Weston, in the County of Northampton, Esquire; and for the setting out, assigning and appointing other Closes, Lands or Grounds of the said Richard Jennings, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground called and known by the respective Names of Temple Sowerby Moor, the Down Moor, the Whinnes and Parson's Close, within the Parish of Kirkby Thore, in the County of Westmoreland.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Land, called Galey Common, lying within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Stafford.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Culgaithe, in the County of Cumberland.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Trysul and Seisdon, in the Parish of Trysul, in the County of Stafford.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands within the Manors of Haltham cum Roughton, in the Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Acton, Morvil Barrow, Much Wenlock and Astley Abbots, in the County of Salop.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln; and also, a certain Plot of Land, called Wigtoft Marsh, in and near to the said Parish of Swineshead.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Horseington, in the County of Lincoln.

108. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Cade Esquire, with Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

109. An Act for naturalizing William Villers, an Infant.

110. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates strictly entailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel, late Duke of Beaufort, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, to be settled to the same Uses.

111. An Act for discharging the Manor of Greenfield, and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

112. An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Turner Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father's Estate and Effects.

113. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Bower Adderley Esquire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and Leigh, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton and Southtop, in the County of Oxford.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Township of West Willoughby, in the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln.

116. An Act for naturalizing Jaques otherwise James Louis, an Infant, under the Age of Eighteen Years.

