Private Acts passed in 1774, 14 George 3 c.1 - c.114.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 12.
---
1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures and other uninclosed Grounds within the Manor and Township of Swinton, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, within the Parish of Duddington, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wastes and Common Grounds within the Township and Liberty of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the County of Worcester.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Abbot's Ann, in the County of Southampton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds and Pastures within the Parish of Owmby, in the County of Lincoln.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Butterton, in the Parish of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lot Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Parish of West Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

10. An Act to enable Thomas Purnell Jones Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Purnell.

11. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham Delapierre.

12. An Act for naturalizing Louis de Saumaize.

13. An Act for naturalizing Peter Van Yzendoorn.

14. An Act for naturalizing Theodore George Gleichman.

15. An Act for naturalizing George Christopher Degen.

16. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Mary Price Spinster, deceased, to cut down and sell the Timber upon the settled Estates of the said Mary Price, in the County of Merioneth; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

17. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Devon, late of Thomas Benson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Legacies affecting the same Estates.

18. An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Walts Esquire, called South Hill or Fisher's Lodge, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Brecks and other Half Year Closes, in the Parishes of Beetley, Great Bittering and Gressenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of Sheepwalk, called Beetley Skeepwalk; and for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley.

21. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bucks; and for vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture and all other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Pastures and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Field and Ast Mead, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Waddesdon, in the County of Bucks.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Wastes and Commonable Places, of Hucklescote and Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Oswaldtwisle, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's otherwise Sutton Bonnington, commonly called Saint Ann's End, in the County of Nottingham.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Bishop's Itchington Heath, Christmas Hill, Palmer's Furze, The Olt, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of West Keal, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pasture or Waste Ground, called Cottmore, and such Part of the Common Pasture or Waste Ground, called Radley, as lies within the Districts of Southwell and Westhorpe, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Newthorpe Great Common and Begerley Common, in the Parish of Greasley, in the County of Nottingham.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford otherwise Wilksford, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley with Arabella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to enable Thomas Asheton Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of William Smith Esquire, deceased.

38. An Act to enable the Honourable Henrietta Charlotte Keck Spinster, and her Issue, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haeseler and John Erich.

40. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Julien Baumgartner.

41. An Act for confirming an Agreement between William Earl of Radnor and the President and Fellows of Queen's College Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, for the Advowson of Great Chiverel, in the County of Wilts.

42. An Act for vesting in John Earl of Breadalbane, and his Heirs in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Argyll; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate.

43. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Henry Penton Esquire, and Thomas Brandon, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to Two several Agreements entered into for that Purpose.

44. An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Parsonage Impropriate of Sunning otherwise Sonynge, in the Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands, Tithes and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual yearly Rent Charges, or annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene and his Successors, Deans of Sarum; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for vesting the same, so charged, in Robert Palmer Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, devised by the Will of John Mitford Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

46. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Foster, and Levina Davey Foster, his Wife, in Holdingham and New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Foster, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Foster, in Alderchurch otherwise Algarkirke, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Upton Snodsbury, in the County of Worcester.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commons within the Parish of Spridlington, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and free Commons, in the Parish of Heapham, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Common Lands within the Hamlets of Twyford and Charndon, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham.

54. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Wroot, in the County of Lincoln.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Waste Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Foleshill, in the County of the City of Coventry.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Warmington, in the County of Northampton.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Brecks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of Norfolk.

59. An Act for dividing allotting and inclosing the old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton otherwise Barton Bendish or Eastmore, in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for naturalizing Gustav Nicolaus Eggers.

61. An Act for naturalizing John Everth.

62. An Act for naturalizing Captain David Francis De Bezancenet.

63. An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick Esberger.

64. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Creuzé and Sarah his Wife, in the County of Worcester, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

65. An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of John Wilson Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale for the Benefit of John Wilson, an Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law.

66. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of George Palmes Esquire, deceased, in the Lordship or Township of Nabourn otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to demise or lease Part of the Land belonging to the said Vicarage to William Lowes Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Titcombe otherwise Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Neswick, in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows within the Hamlet or Chapelry of Defford, in the County of Worcester; and for draining and levelling, and also for regulating the Stocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open uninclosed Fields and Parcels of Land within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon.

74. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Potton, in the County of Bedford.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Common Grounds within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Common and Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Pasture, called the Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Downs, in the Tithings of Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts and Milton Havering in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wilts.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within and belonging to the Chapelry or Township of Bricklehampton, in the County of Worcester.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of  Rudston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Township, Parish and Liberties of Easton, in the County of Huntingdon.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Acombe and Holdgate, in the County of the City of York.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Lot Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester.

83. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon; and for regulating the Usage and Stocking of divers Common Lands and Commons within the said Parish.

84. An Act to enable John Meadows the elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald Widow, deceased.

85. An Act for naturalizing Paul Burnand.

86. An Act for naturalizing Luder Hoffham and Nicholas Hane.

87. An Act for naturalizing Victor Busigny.

88. An Act for vesting the Estate of the Honourable William Hanger, situate in the County of Kent, entailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Gabriel Lord Coleraine, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

89. An Act for vesting one Moiety of the Bridge built cross Stonehouse Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, in Trust, to raise a Moiety of the Expenses of building the same; and also for enabling certain Persons to grant Building and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, of the respective Estates devised to him by the Wills of his Father and Sir William Maurice Baronet, deceased; and likewise for vesting certain Houses in Middlesex and London in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same.

90. An Act for vesting the Manor of Thorngumbald, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate of Thomas Gee Esquire, deceased, in the Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Monies thereby arising in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Estate; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

91. An Act to enable Walter Smyth Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderton, and certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Binderton, in the County of Sussex, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belonging to Sir James Peachey Baronet.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Mesne Inclosures, Commons or Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rawmarsh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for naturalizing John Michael Lange.

95. An Act for impowering the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire to make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, deceased, in the County of York.

96. An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands, called East Leach Grove (Part of the settled Estate of the Right Honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedworth, in the County of Gloucester), in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

97. An Act to enable Sir Edward Swinburne Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the same in the manner therein mentioned.

98. An Act for vesting divers Freehold Estates, late of Robert Barbor Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies and Charges, charged upon and affecting the same; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell the whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate and Barony of Kinross, in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Carstairs Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Persons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made by Sir William Bruce Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty three.

100. An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named to raise Money, by Sale of certain Estates of John Smith, and James Smith his Son, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

101. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, therein comprised.

102. An Act for enabling and impowering Trustees to accept, grant and make, Building and other Leases, Contracts and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands and Premises, late of William Baker Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Peter William Baker, an Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and all other his Personal Estates, and Interest, Dividends and Proceed thereof, and apply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes.

103. An Act for vesting the Estates late of James Colebrooke Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to enable the Master and Scholars of Baliol College, in the University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and Radnor, to William Pierce Hall, and John Woodhouse, Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

105. An Act for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of The Town Moore, Castle Leazes and Nuns Moor within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes and Nuns Moor, respectively.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, called or known by the Names of Wedmore Moor, Churchland Moor, Tadam and Yeel Moor, and Mudgeley Moor, within the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

107. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges of certain Lands, in Balmbrough, Shoeston and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground lying contiguous to the said Manors.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollowell, in the Parish of Guilsborough, in the County of Northampton.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor and Township of Graffham, in the County of Huntingdon.

111. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Popham Gentleman, with Ann Yate Whiteside his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act to enable George Dickerdine Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice Fellowe, and to bear the Arms of Fellowe, pursuant to the Will of Rice Fellowe Esquire, deceased.

113. An Act to enable the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in possession of the said Estate for the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of Leasing, given by the said Act, to the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes; to raise a Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

114. An Act for allotting and dividing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.
