Private Acts passed in 1775, 15 George 3 c.1 - c.95.
From Pickering, Statutes at Large, volume 31.
---

1. An act for naturalising Jacob Henry Suwe.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing the open ararable fields, open meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, within the parish of Flintham, in the county of Nottingham.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and common pastures, within the district of Normanton, in the parish of Southwell, in the county of Nottingham, and also the open meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said parish of Southwell.

4. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other common lands, Within the hamlet of Burrcot and parish of Dorchester, in the county of Oxford.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common failures, and other commonable lands and grounds in the manor and parish of Lidlington in the county of Bedford.

6. An act to enable James Greenalgh, heretofore called James Seyth, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the will of William Greenalgh deceased.

7. An act for naturalising George Ernst de Hahn.

8. An act for vesting the estate of Christopher Whichcote esquire, and Jane his wife, situate in the county of Wilts, entailed by the will of Francis Tregagle esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the monies arising by such sale in discharging the encumbrance therein mentioned, and for laying out the remainder in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

9. An act to enable certain trustees, named in the settlement of sir Stafford Northcote baronet, deceased, to raise a competent sum of money, by way of mortgage of part of the hereditament comprised in such settlement, to be applied in completing the purchase of an undivided moiety, or half part, of the manor of Iddesley, in the county of Devon, to be settled to the same use, and for the like purposes as the other undivided moiety of the same manor stands limited and charged by the settlement and will of the said sir Stafford Northcote.

10. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Philip Wynell Mayow esquire, in Ashbrenton alias Ashprington, in Devon, in trustees, to be sold; and settling other estates of greater value in lieu thereof.

11. An act for vesting certain estates and chattels, devised by the will of Richard Raynsford esquire, deceased; part of certain estates comprised in a settlement made on the marriage of Richard Reynsford the younger esquire, in trustees, to sell the same; and for applying the money to arise by such sale in such manner as in the said act mentioned.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields; and a parcel of common or waste ground, in the manors of Goodmanham, in the county of York.

13. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain commons, lands, and grounds, in the township of Rigton, in the parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the county of York; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing a large open and uncultivated common, or tract of ground, parcel of the forest of Mendip, situate within the parishes of Doulting and Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stake lane, in the county of Somerset.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish of Pottersbury, and hamlet of Yardley Gobyon, in the said parish of Pottersbury, and also a parcel of land called Kenson Field, in the parish of Cosgrave, in the county of Northampton.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the wastes, mosses, heaths, and commons, in the parish of Hamner in the county of Flint.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, ings, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands within the parish of Fulletby, in the county of Lincoln.

18. An act to enable John Clarke esquire, (heretofore called John Plomer) and the heirs male of his body, to take and bear the surname and arms of Clarke, pursuant to the will of Richard Clarke esquire deceased.

19. An act for naturalising Charles Bigot.

20. An act for naturalising Louis Jouenne.

21. An act for vesting diverse manors, lands and hereditaments, in the county of Southampton, the settled estate of sir Jacob Wolf baronet, in trustees, to be conveyed to a purchaser thereof, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

22. An act for declaring certain lands, allotted to John Harrison esquire, in the parish of Bishop Norton, in the county of Lincoln, to be copyhold and freehold respectively, pursuant to the award of the of appointed by an act of parliament of the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the township and parish of Bishop Norton, in the county of Lincoln.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the township and parish of Scroohy, in the county of Nottingham.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Scaldwell, in the county of Northampton.

25. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Wolverley, in the county of Worcester.

26. An act for naturalising Daniel Henry Rucker.

27. An act for exchanging the advowson of the church of Hinton Mertell, otherwise Hinton Martell, in the county of Dorset, belonging to his Majesty, for the advowson of the church of Fringford, otherwise Ferringford, in the county of Oxford, belonging to the right honourable Mary countess dowager of Shaftesbury.

28. An act for exchanging certain lands and tenements, part of the estates comprised in the settlement made on the marriage of the right honourable George lord viscount Torrington, for certain lands and tenements, belonging to the president and scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the university of Oxford; and also for exchanging certain mills and lands thereto belonging, likewise comprised in the said settlement, for certain lands and tenements belonging to John Dilly gentleman.

29. An act to confirm a lease, made by William Lambert, an infant, with the consent of his guardians, to the right honourable Edward Smith Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley, of lands in the parish of Woodmanstern, in the county of Surrey.

30. An act to enable the reverend John Blackburn, vicar of the parish and parish church of Bossal, in the county of York, to make and establish an exchange of certain messuages, tenements, lands, and hereditaments, in the said county of York, for other lands and hereditaments, in the same county, belonging to Henry Brewster Darley esquire.

31. An act to exchange lands between the trustees of a certain charity estate at Hanwell, in the county of Middlesex, and William and Henry Berners esquires.

32. An act for effecting an exchange between John Parker and Montagu Edmund Parker, esquires, of parts of their settled estates, in the county of Devon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting several messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Devon, and city of Exeter, late the estate of Robert Stone gentleman, deceased in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the purchasers thereof; and to apply the money arising by such sale in payment of the debts of the said Robert Stone, pursuant to a decree of the court of chancery

34. An act for vesting in trustees several messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Artburet and Kirk Andrewes, in the county of Cumberland, part of the estate of Catherine Widdrington, commonly called Catherine Lady Widdrington deceased, for a term of five hundred years, for raising and paying certain sums of money to the reverend Robert Graham clerk; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing certain common and open fields and meadows, in the parish of Cranford in the county of Northampton.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, within the parish of Cleeve Prior, in the county of Worcester.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of beng worth, in the county of Worcester.

38. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land within the precincts of the chapelry or township of Pinvin, in the county of Worcester.

39. An act to confirm and establish an agreement and award, for dividing and enclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor of Adlestrop, in the county of Gloucester.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other the commonable grounds, in the hamlets or tythings of Broadwell and Filkins, in the manor and parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell Saint John, in the county of Oxford.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable closes, common grounds, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Great Rollwright, in the county of Oxford.

42. An act for naturalising Charles Louis Spitta.

43. An act for naturalising Peter Aubery.

44. An act to enable John duke of Argyll to sell certain right of servitude over lands, in the county of Argyll, belonging in property to Hugh Bern esquire, and sir James Campbell baronet.

45. An act for carrying into execution an agreement made between John earl of Breadalbane, and James Menzies of Guldares, for the exchange of certain lands in the county of Perth.

46. An act for vesting diverse manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Essex and Norfolk, being the settled estates of James lord viscount Grimston, of the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging portions and encumbrances, and for laying out the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, situate and being in the county of Hertford, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

47. An act for establishing and confirming exchanges of diverse lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Rowsham, in the county of Oxford, pursuant to articles of agreement between sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway esquire, and the reverend Harry Lee; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act to enable the right honourable sir John Shelley baronet, and the trustees named in the settlement on his marriage with dame Wilhelmina Shelley deceased, his late wife, to convey part of the estates, in the county of Sussex, comprised in such settlement, in exchange for, or in lieu of, other estates belonging to the said sir John Shelley, in the same county.

49. An act for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division, made by and between sir James Pennyman baronet, Charles Anderson Pelham esquire, and Michael Newton esquire, of diverse manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Middlesex, and city of London, late the estates of sir Michael Wharton knight, deceased; and for settling and limiting the entire and specific parts and shares, which, upon the said partition and division, have been allotted to each of them, to the several uses therein mentioned.

50. An act for vesting a freehold estate, late of Eliah Hervey esquire, deceased, called Buckhouse, otherwise Munkham, situate in the parishes of Woodford and Chigwell, in the county of Essex, in trustees, and their heirs, in trust, to sell and convey the same as therein mentioned; and for applying the money arising by sale thereof for the benefit of Edward Hervey, an infant, his only son, and heir at law; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

51. An act to enable Peter Legh esquire, and the reverend Ashburnham Legh clerk, to grant building and improving leases of part of their settled estates, within the counties of Lancaster and Chester.

52. An act for vesting certain manors, messuages, lands, rents, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and Middlesex, part of the settled estates of Meliora Ducconson, the wife of William Dicconson esquire, in trustees, to be sold; and for investing the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

53. An act to enable the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Worcester, and Rowland Berkeley inquire, to make and establish an exchange of certain lands and tithes, in the parish of Cotheridge, in the county of Worcester.

54. An act for sale of the estate of Elizabeth Smart, an infant, in the counties of Durham and Northumberland.

55. An act to subject and charge the prebend manor of Mych Milton, in the county of Oxford, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the payment of two several perpetual yearly rent charges, or annual payments, to the reverend John wheeldon, and his successors, prebendaries of the prebend of Mych Milton aforesaid; and for divesting the fee-simple and inheritance thereof out of him and his successors, and for vesting the same, so charged, in the reverend Charles Sturges, his heirs and assigns.

56. An act for impowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to sell such part or parts of the estate of Ednam, in the county of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James Dickson esquire, deceased, and now to captain William Dickson, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts aifecting the same.

57. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of William Peacocke esquire, and Emma his wife, in the parish of Llanedwan, in the county of Anglesea, in the said William Peacocke, in fee simple, and for settling an estate of the said William Peacocke, in the parish of Penmynydd, in the same county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

58. An act for vesting the fee simple and inheritance of the estates late of Robert Dyne esquire, deceased, in trustees, in trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the debts, legacies, and other encumbrances affecting the said estates; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act for vesting the estate of Edmund Bull esquire, in the county of Hertford, and city of London, in trustees, to be sold, for the payment of debts and encumbrances; and other purposes therein expressed.

60. An act for vesting in the reverend William Peacock and his heirs, in fee simple, part of the glebe lands, and the tithes, of the parish of Danby Whiske, and Gafferton, otherwise Yafferton, in the county of York; and for settling certain freehold estates of the said William Peacock in him and his successors, rectors of the said parish, in lieu thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for vesting certain freehold estates, in the counties of Berks and Wilts, devised by the will of William Pitt esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to such of the uses limited or devised by the said will, as are, or shall be capable of taking effect.

62. An act to enable Mordecai Greene esquire, and Mary his wife, to carry into execution an agreement made for and on the behalf of Alice Bland widow, deceased, with Ralph Milner; and also to grant building and repairing leases of such parts of the estates of the said Alice Bland, as lie in or near the town of Manchester, and also leases for twenty-one years, of other the estates late of the said Alice Bland.

63. An act for vesting the freehold and copyhold estates, entailed by the will of William Lock esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, to be settled to the same uses, subject to the annuities and other charges thereon; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act for vesting the settled estates devised by the will of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

65. An act for vesting certain parts of diverse messuages, wharves, and hereditaments, called Montague Close, in the county of Surrey, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

66. An act for vesting the several estates of the late Samuel Heming esquire, situate in Jamaica, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same, for the payment of the encumbrances thereon, and of his debts; and for other purposes.

67. An act for enclosing and improving several grounds, in the parish of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the county of York.

68. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, lying in the parish of Hickling, in the county of Nottingham.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, hills, Heights, and other commonable lands, within the hamlet of Cutsden, otherwise Cuttesden, in the parish of Bredon, in the county of Worcester.

70. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fens, common meadows, common fields, and waste grounds, in the parish of Quadring, and in Quadring hundred, in the county of Lincoln.

71. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and common meadows, in the liberty of Brinsley, in the parish of Greasley, in the county of Nottingham.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain stinted pasture, called Stockham Marsh, in the parish of Bremhill in the county of Wilts; and for exonerating certain old enclosures within the said parish from the payment of tithes.

73. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, and commonable places, of Long Itchington, and Bascote, in the county of Warwick.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Sutton cum Lound, in the county of Nottingham.

75. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Knapwell, in the county of Cambridge.

76. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and within the parish and liberties of Brawnston, in the county of Northampton.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields and commonable land, lying within the townships, liberties, and precincts, of Upper Tadmarton and Lower Tadmarton, in the county of Oxford.

78. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, and commons or waste grounds, within the hamlets of Lea and Marston, in the parish of Lea Marston, in the county of Warwick; and also certain pieces of waste ground, within the liberty of Dunton in the parish of Curdworth, in the said county.

79. An act for dividing and laying in severalty the open and common fields, and part of the open and common downs, called Southcott and Kepnell Down, Work Down and other commonable places; and also for dividing and enclosing Pewsey Common, in the parish of Pewsey, in the county of Wilts.

80. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other the commonable grounds, in the parish of Brize Norton, in the county of Oxford.

81. An act to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement, for enclosing and dividing the commons and waste grounds in the manor and parish of Kildale, in the county of York.

82. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, lands, pastures, and commonable grounds, within the township, liberties, and precincts, of Claydon, in the parish of Cropredy, in the county of Oxford.

83. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Todnam, otherwise Todenham, in the county of Gloucester.

84. An act for dividing and enclosing a moor, called Alnham Moor or Alnham Common and also the Infield Grounds of the town ship of Alnham, in the parish of Alnham, in the county of Northumberland.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the parish and liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe, in the county of Huntingdon.

86. An act to dissolve the marriage of Robert Greene merchant, with Juliana Greene otherwise Judge his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

87. An act for naturalising Levina Benjamina Goodricke.

88. An act for rendering effectual a proposal, or agreement, made between the duke of Buccleugh and the lord bishop of Winchester, for exchanging and enfranchising certain leasehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments, in the parish and manor of Adderbury, in the county of Oxford; and for enabling the said bishop to grant leases in manner therein mentioned.

89. An act for appointing new trustees, to carry into execution, an act, passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual carrying into execution an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for vesting in trustees the settled estate of Washington earl Ferrers, in the county of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the incumbrances and portions affecting the same, and the rest of the settled estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned, in the room and stead of those appointed by the said act, who are desirous of resigning the trust thereby reposed in them.

90. An act for the sale and enfranchisement of certain copyhold tenements and premises, in the parish of Leeds, in the county of York, part of the estate belonging to the free grammar School there, for the purpose of erecting a public cloth hall, and making avenues or passages thereto and for applying the purchase money for the benefit of the said School.

91. An act to confirm several building leases, already granted by the right honourable the earl of Sefton, of the kingdom of Ireland, of part of his settled estates in the county of Lancaster; and to enable him during his life, and after his decease the trustee during the minority of any infant, to grant other building and improving leases; and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

92. An act for vesting certain lands at Hadley, in the parish Wellington, in the county of Salop, devised by the will of the reverend Joshua Pulford clerk, deceased, in Joshua Freeman and his heirs.

93. An act to enable the reverend Edmund Hodshon, rector of Spinnithorne, in the county of York, to exchange the tithes of the townships of Harnby and Spinnithorne, for lands in the parish of Goverham, in the county of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be settled to the same uses.

94. An act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the powers granted by an act, passed in the eighteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for sale of certain leasehold estates, late of Sarah Eaton deceased, and by her devised to the provost, fellows, and scholars, of Worcester College, in the university of Oxford, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of fee simple estates; for other purposes therein mentioned; and for indemnifying the acting trustee or trustees, appointed under the said act, for having expended a larger sum of money than allowed by that act; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the parish of Wootton Wawen, otherwise Waves Wootton, in the county of Warwick.
