Private Acts passed in 1776, 16 George 3 c.1 - c.122.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 12.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Molling and John George Bindheisen.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right Honourable Wellbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Martin Fushs.

5. An Act for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont.

6. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ten Breeke.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground in the Parishes of Bonsall, Wirksworth and Matlock, in the County of Derby.

8. An Act for naturalizing Nis Nissen and Christopher Gabriel Merwade.

9. An Act for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes Grill.

10. An Act for naturalizing Charles Quist.

11. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks and Sussex, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of George Bowes Esquire, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuage, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act for vesting the Advowson of the Rectory of Pewsey, in the County of Wilts (Part of the Estate comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late Lord Holland, deceased), in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in finishing and completing a Mansion House at Winterslow, in the same County.

13. An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, together with a Capital Messuage built on Part thereof, devised by the Will of Sir John Hales Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to assign the same to Henry Herbert Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Consideration Money in such Manner as in the Act is mentioned.

14. An Act to subject and charge the Prebend of Marston Saint Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the Payment of Two several perpetual yearly Rent Charges to Doctor Everard Buckworth, and his Successors in the said Prebend; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the same, so charged, in John Blencowe Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Witham, in the County of Lincoln.

16. An Act for exchanging certain Lands, in the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwicke with Upthorpe, for other Lands, in the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Huntingdon, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Townships of Asterby and Goulceby, in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or Tract of Common and Waste Land called The Link, and other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Leigh otherwise Ley, in the County of Worcester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington and Hamlet of Medbourn, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlets, Precincts or Liberties of Blackburn, in the Parish of Ambrosden, in the County of Oxford.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Desborough, in the County of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raithby, near Spilsby, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rushton Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michael's otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the County of Nottingham.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odel, in the County of Bedford.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Warmington, in the County of Warwick.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Elstree otherwise Idlestree, in the County of Hertford.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to inclose the Heath Lands, Field Lands and Low Commons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Nocton, in the County of Lincoln; and for vesting the Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tithes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of Nocton aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compensation to the Vicar of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Crich and Southwinfield, in the County of Derby.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish of Clewer, in the County of Berks; and for vesting the same in his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorsington, in the County of Gloucester.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Vill, Hamlet or Township of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and County of Lancaster.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford.

38. An Act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore Esquire, now called Francis Fernand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased.

39. An Act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith Esquire, deceased.

40. An Act for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff and John Adam Hecker.

41. An Act for naturalizing John Liardet.

42. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vialletes Bastide.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Hoffman.

44. An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir James Ibbetson Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for impowering Richard Hoare Esquire, the surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary Arnold, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, and the Household Goods and Furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said Will, upon certain Trusts therein expressed; and to invest the Money, to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks.

47. An Act for ascertaining the landed Property, as well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Mary the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Crepthorn, in the County of Worcester; and for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the same Hamlet.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Hamlets of Barton and Martcleeve, in the Parish of Bidford, and County of Warwick.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land within the Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey otherwise Ferry Hinksey, in the County of Berks.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmoreland.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Bruntingthorpe, in the County of Leicester.

53. An Act for dividing, apportioning and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln.

54. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sarah Owen Spinster, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

55. An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Nicholas Wrigglesworth, and Ayscoghe Wrigglesworth, his eldest Son, from the Payment of a yearly Sum of Thirty five Pounds, given by Sir Edward Barkham, long since deceased, to charitable Uses, and of and from other Incumbrances; and for charging the same respectively upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglesworth and his Son; and for vesting the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jacob Hinde Esquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne Hinde, his Wife, with Power to make such Leases thereof as in the said Act are mentioned.

57. An Act for vesting a Leasehold Messuage, in Grosvenor Square, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of Edward Rudge Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act to enable William Clayton Esquire, during his Life, and the Guardians of his Infant Children after his Decease, to make building and improving Leases of certain Lands and Premises, Part of the Manor of Kennington, in the County of Surrey, held by Letters Patent from His Majesty, as Part of the Dutchy of Cornwall; and to raise Money for Payment of the Fines and Expences of renewing the said Letters Patent, and for defraying the Expences to attend the granting such building and improving Leases.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex and Sussex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses.

60. An Act to discharge certain Lands, heretofore Part of the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Eyre Esquire, deceased, situate within the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of Derby, from the Payment of a certain Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds a Year; and for securing the same on other Parts of the said Estate.

61. An Act for enabling the Trustees named in the Will of William Sterne, deceased, to sell and convey a Leasehold Estate, vested in them by the said Will, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinson Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

62. An Act for enabling Christopher Sykes Esquire, to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate in Part of the same Lands and Grounds; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures within the several Townships of Stonegrave, Westness and Nunnington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor, called Wooller Common, in the Parish of Wooller, in the County of Northumberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of Hertford.

66. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving the Waste and Common Grounds in the Township of Stainburne, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows and Pastures, within the Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of land within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of Northampton.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Yelvertoft, in the County of Northampton.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Clipston and Newbold otherwise Nobald, in the County of Northampton.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Clarebrough and Welham, in the Parish of Clarebrough, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called Crowcombe, Heathfield and Heddon, and Parcel of Quantock Hills within the Parish of Crowcombe, in the County of Somerset.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Woods and Average Grounds, Ings, Marshes, Carrs, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and Wislow, in the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields. Lands and Grounds within the Lordships and Parish of South and, North Killingholme, in the County of Lincoln.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, of the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breaches, Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Coney Weston, in the County of Suffolk.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Iston, in the County of Monmouth.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor of Mulgrave, within the Parish of Lyth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley Hastings, in the County of Northampton.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Amotherby, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pasture and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the County of Lincoln.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, a certain Common or Uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Commonable Land or Ground within the Manor or Parish of West Horndon, in the County of Essex.

83. An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of Nottingham; and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

84. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Elliot Doctor in Physic, with Grace Dalrymple his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

85. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Horneck Esquire, with Sarah Keppel his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Williams with Ann Lantware his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act to amend an Act, made and passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable John Medows the elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald Widow, deceased; and also to enable John Medows, eldest Son of the said John Medows (now John Theobald), and the Heirs of his Body, to take the said Surname, and bear the said Arms of Theobald.

88. An Act for naturalizing Henry Lawrence Zinck.

89. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander De Morsier.

90. An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhausen.

91. An Act for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine Chevalier.

92. An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of the Most Noble Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kesleven, in the County of York, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and other Part of the said settled Estates; and for purchasing of Estates, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Free School House, Dwelling House for the Master and Usher, Close, and other Premises thereto belonging, in Courtenhall, in the County of Northampton, in Sir William Wake Baronet, and his Heirs, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

94. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Sir Charles Whitworth, in the County of Somerset; and for exonerating the same, and his Estates in the County of Kent, from the Portions of his younger Children, provided by his Marriage Settlement.

95. An Act to enable William Masterman and Thomas Francis, Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and Copyhold Estates of Thomas Nuthall Esquire, deceased.

96. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John Leigh Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire, and Robert Dolman the younger, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

98. An Act for vesting an Estate in the County of Middlesex, which was settled by Richard Onslow Esquire, deceased, on his Marriage with Poolley Walton, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for investing the Purchase Money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Vere Dashwood Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Upsold Gentleman, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

101. An Act for vesting Two sixth Parts of the Estates late of Stanhope Mason Gentleman, deceased, in England and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof.

102. An Act for vesting several Estates late of Samuel Shepheard of Exning, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Grounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of Eastbury otherwise Istbury, and Blagrove in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands of and within the Parish and Liberties of Crick, in the County of Northampton.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck, within the Parish and Liberties of Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Stinted Pastures and Common Moors or Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Corbridge, in the County of Northumberland.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs and other Open Lands and Grounds within the Township of Foston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the Township of Bilton, in the County of York.

109. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet, with the Right Honourable Lady Sarah Lenox his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An Act for revesting Part of the Real and Personal Estates of the Most Noble George Duke of Saint Albans in him; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

111. An Act for vesting the Real Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Lord Montfort, situate in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, Underwoods, Timber and other Trees growing and being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold and disposed of in manner therein mentioned; and for applying the Monies to arise Sale thereof in the manner therein also mentioned.

112. An Act for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to Sir John Abdy Baronet, deceased, at Bishop's Canning, in the County of Wilts, and of Timber Trees growing on his Estates in the County of Essex, and also of his Medals and Coins, for paying off and discharging certain Incumbrances affecting his Real Estates in Essex; and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as his Estates in Essex now stand settled by his Will.

113. An Act for laying out the Money to arise by Sale of certain Messuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, devised by the Will of Edmund Estcourt Esquire, deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Mansion House upon the settled Estates late of the said Edmund Estcourt, at Shipton Moyne and Dovel, in the County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the ancient Mansion House now standing thereon.

114. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Peter John Heywood Esquire in the Isle of Man, called The Nunnery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled in lieu of the said Estates in the Isle of Man, intended to be sold.

115. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton and Norfolk, the Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, late of John Albert Bentinck Esquire, deceased, in Trustees in Trust, to sell, mortgage or exchange any Part or Parts thereof; and for applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements on the said Estates, and in completing Purchases of Lands agreed for by the said John Albert Bentinck, and for other Purposes; and for laying out the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are now subsisting concerning the same.

116. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Henry Stapilton Esquire, at Wighill, in the County of the City of York, in the said Henry Stapilton, in Fee Simple; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Henry Stapilton, lying contiguous to and interspersed with the Remainder of the said settled Estates, and also the Tithes thereof and of such Remainder, to the same Uses.

117. An Act to enable certain Persons, during the successive Minorities of Sir William Molesworth Baronet, and his Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Sir William Morice Baronet, deceased.

118. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith Esquire, deceased in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

119. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Corsemichael, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of Isabel Gordon of Culvennan, Widow of William Gordon of Greenlaw, Esquire, for her Life, and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan Esquire, her eldest Son, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty two, by John Macculloch of Barholm, and Jean Gordon his Wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander Gordon and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of Wigton, together with the Sum of One thousand nine hundred and seventy one Pounds Sterling.

120. An Act to enable John Whitfield Esquire to charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton, in the manner therein mentioned.

121. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester, to exchange Part of his Clebe Lands there, for other Lands more conveniently situated, the Property of Samuel Blackwall Esquire, in the Hamlet of Williamstrip, adjoining to the said Parish of Hatherop.

122. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend John Jenkins Clerk, with Mary Jenkins his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.
