Private Acts passed in 1777, 17 George 3 c.1 - c.143.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---
1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Crownthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb.

3. An Act for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Melasse.

4. An Act for naturalizing Dorothea Margreta Hartman.

5. An Act for naturalizing Paul Johan Christian Tax and John Vallientine Gottlieb.

6. An Act for vesting the several Rectories, Parsonages, Churches, and Chapels, of Rockburne, Beeamore, South Charford, Hale, Whitsbury, and Quidesley, with the Glebe Lands, Tithes, and other Appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging. Part of the settled Estate of the most Noble George Duke of Manchester, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts therein expressed; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malsor, in the County of Northampton.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tansor, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the Common or Waste Lands called Great Torrington Common, to William Callon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and ether the Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste or Common, called Westergate Common, in the Parish of Aldingborne, in the County of Sussex.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty and Parish of Hatherne, in the County of Leicester.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows within the Parish of Shepshead, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground, called The Carrs and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said Parish.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Holcot, in the County of Northampton.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Lordship of King’s Measurn, in the Parish of Moreland, in the County of Westmorland.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of Horncliff and Horncliff Lone End, in the Parish of Norham, in the County of Durham.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Thornor, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Rednal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of Salop.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford.

19. An Act to enable John Eames, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Waight, pursuant to the Will of John Waight Esquire, deceased.

20. An Act for naturalizing George William Soltau, Gerhard Berck, Henry Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter Henry Groger.

21. An Act for naturalizing Ernest Bernard Banning.

22. An Act for naturalizing John Gentlivres.

23. An Act for naturalizing Marcellin Pernoud.

24. An Act for naturalizing William Aguiton.

25. An Act for naturalizing Villem Vlught.

26. An Act for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo and Francis Gaudot.

27. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke Esquire, in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited.

28. An Act to discharge certain Copyhold Premises, in the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, from the Uses and Trusts thereof, declared by the Will of Mary Wotton deceased; and to subject and charge the same of Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent Charge of twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Gibson Clerk, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and for settling and alluring the same Premises so charged, in the Trustees of Rupert Clarke Esquire, upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Grimston Esquire, at Thwing and Octon, in the Parish of Thwing upon the Woulds, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the said Robert Grimston, in Fee-simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Robert Grimston, in the Township of Neswick, in the Parish of Bainton, in the said East Riding of the County of York, of greater Value in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Tunstall in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Syfton, in the County of Leicester, and several Parcels of uninclosed Land, in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of the said Fields.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Struther's Common, and Hagbank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by the Name of Cross Moor alias Charles Moor, in the County of Somerset.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swinstead, and County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Duntisborne Abbotts, in the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lmds, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kirnington otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stretton, in the Parishes of Northwingfield and Morton, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, lying in the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset; and also certain Moors, called Land Moor otherwise Cote Moor and Gold Corner, lying in or near the said Parish of Huntspill and Cossington, in the said County.

42. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving Wallingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York.

43. An Act for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of Ludgershall, in the County of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Bugthorpe, in the County of York; and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bugthorpe, from the Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclelisiastical Dues; and for other Purposes therein contained.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds in the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing Aysgarth Pasture and Aysgarth Moor or Common, in the Township and Parish of Aysgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Potter Harris Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act to enable Jervoise Clarke Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Jervoise Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act to enable the Archbishop of Canterbury and Daniel Ponton Esquire, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

50. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the Knights Companions of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Duke of Marlborough, the settled Estates of the said Lord Robert Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Broughton Baronet, situate in the County of Stafford; and purchasing other Estates, situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Uses; and for extinguishing the said Sir Thomas Broughton's Power of making Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of Chester% and making such Recompence to him for the same as therein is mentioned.

52. An Act to enable John Barnewall Curson Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry.

53. An Act to enable Thomas Asheton Smith Esquire, and William Henry Asheton Smith his Brother, to grant building, improving, and other Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of William Smith Esquire, deceased.

54. An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Reverend Henry Osman Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of King's Langley, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said Moiety; and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of entire Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

55. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, standing, lying, and being, within the Hamlet of Wighthill, in the Parish of Tackley, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between the President and Scholars of Corpus Christi College, in the University of Oxford, and Simon Wisdome Esquire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act to enable the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey,

57. An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Almshouses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to sell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof; and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Cumberland.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Wastes, within the Manor of Egremont, in the County of Cumberland.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Carleton Brisco, and Wrceay within the Manor or Lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Lordship, in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlisle, and Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Nassington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Woodnowton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Nassington, in the County of Northampton.

б2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half Year Lands, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Cressingham, in the County of Norfolk.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Farlam, in the County of Cumberland.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Brampton, in the County of Cumberland.

66. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Tibshelf, in the County of Derby.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Weston under Wetheley in the County of Warwick.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Condicote, in the County of Gloucester.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Inclosures, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts of Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor and Barony of Prudhoe, and Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and within the Parish of Welford, in the County of Northampton.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands lying within the Townships and Liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Felthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Hewtell Common alias Housedon, in the Parish of Kirknewton, in the County of Northumberland.

78. An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands and Tithes of and in the Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham; and for establishing and securing certain annual Payments in lieu of Tithes.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also two Mosses, called Waitham Moss and Hilderstone Moss, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of Lancaster.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudwell, in the Parish of Rothley, in the County of Leicester.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing three several Moors or Commons, called Low Gatherley Moor, Moor Holme, and The High Moor, situate in the several Townships of Kirkby Ravensworth, Ravensworth, and Whashton, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Braithwaite Esquire, with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable William Kilborn and his Issue Male to take and use the Surname of Burrowes, pursuant to the Will of John Burr owes deceased.

84. An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Ann Phillips Spinster, now the Wife of Henry Barnes Gentleman, comprised in their Marriage Settlement, situate in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase money for the Purposes in the Ad mentioned.

85. An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs certain Estates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkley, Esquires, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in order to sell the same, and, with Part of the Purchase money, to discharge certain Incumbrances thereon; and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Estates to be sold stand limited.

86. An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Hull Esquire, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Estates, in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the settled Estate of William Wheatley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon Baronet, pursuant to Agreement; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

89. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Kirkwhelpington, Lowick, and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the Estate of Sir John Swinburne Baronet, deceased, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, discharged from the Uses, Trusts, Charges, and Powers, in the Will of the said John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

90. An Act to enable William Jackson and Hannah his Wife to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Richard Reeve the younger, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate doth now stand limited.

91. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Wight, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Trattle of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan Widow; and also a certain Messuage, and Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey Part of the said settled Estate, and also the said Estate of the said Wardens and Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard Worsley Baronet; and other Part of the said settled Estates, to the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money arising from such Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance affecting Part of the said settled Estate; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; and to enable the said Warden and Scholars, Clerics, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said settled Estates intended to be conveyed to them-

92. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Weddell Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu-thereof; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Real and Personal Estate of John Harvey Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell so much thereof as will be sufficient for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Harvey his late Father deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

94. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldwyn Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now subsisting with regard to the said Freehold settled Estate; and for settling the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses.

95. An Act for rendering valid and effectual a Partition between Taylor White Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and Thomas Fowke Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge, Essex, and Kent; and for vesting and settling the same to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

96. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right Honourable George Lord Onslow and Cranley, and Wiliam Luck Gentleman, and Edmund Luck, his Son.

97. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the Will of Thomas Chamberlaine Esquire, deceased, in Richard Combe Esquire, in Fee-simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Richard Combe, in the County of Somerset, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, in the Township of Halton, in the Manor of Templenewsam, in the Parish of Whitkirke, in the West Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kingsley, Newton near Kingsley, Norley, and Crowton, in the Parishes of Frodsham and Weaverham, in the County of Chester.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir William Hamilton and Dame Catherine his Wife in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

102. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton Esquire, in the County of Flint; and for investing the Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

103. An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Warwick, the Estates of John Clarke Esquire, and Mary his late Wife, deceased; and for settling the same to the Uses therein mentioned.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Killamarsh, in the County of Derby.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhall, or in some or one of them, in the County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shireborne and Windrush, in the County of Gloucester.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Underwood, in the County of Northampton.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Metheringham, in the County of Lincoln.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Candlesby, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a stinted Pasture, in the Township of Newsham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the Parish of North Newbald, in the County of York.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Killesby, in the County of Northampton.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and the Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton, in the Parish of Foston, in the North Riding of the County of York.

115. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farnsfield, in the County of Nottingham.

116. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln.

117. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Halam and Edingley, in the County of Nottingham.

118. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lanos, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Leadenham, in the County of Lincoln.

119. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Uffington, and the Hamlets of Balking and Woolston, otherwise Woolverston, and within the Hamlets of Kingston Lisle and Fawler, in the County of Berks.

120. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Monkbretton otherwise Burton, in the Parish of Roystone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

121. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and certain Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farmborough otherwise Farnborough, in the County of Berks

122. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Gilmorton, in the County of Leicester.

123. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, or Shrub, Town-green, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Weston Colville, in the County of Cambridge.

124. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Baschurch, Hordley, Stanwardine in the Wood, Weston, Lullingfield, and Stanwardine in the Fields, or some of them, in the County of Salop.

125. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of Ramsbury Town, Park Town, Whittonditch, Eastridge, and Baydon, within the Manor of Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor, or Common, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York

127. An Act for dividing and inclosing Corston Wood, otherwise Corveton Wood or Common, within the Manor of Corston, otherwise Corverton, and Parish of Diddlebury, in the County of Salop; and for making a Boundary or Ring-fence against a certain open and uninclosed Ground, in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Parish.

128. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Mears Ashby, in the County of Northampton.

129. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleasby, in the County of Nottingham.

130. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ipstones, in the County of Stafford.

131. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Carpenter Esquire, Earl of Tyrconnel in the Kingdom of Ireland, with the Right Honourable Lady Frances Manners, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

132. An Act to enable William Dutton Esquire, his first and other Sons, and their issue Male, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Naper, pursuant to the Will of James Lenox Dutton Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

133. An Act to enable Isaac Martin Rebow Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of Matthew Martin Esquire, deceased.

134. An Act for naturalizing Maria Perry.

135. An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanert.

136. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Freehold and of Estates, late of Dame Elizabeth Pettus, deceased, in Trustees, to convey and surrender the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

137. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within, the Parish of Silkston, in the County of York.

138. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts.

139. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

140. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln.

141. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Bessacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Brampton and Bessacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

142. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the Manor of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Shapwick Moor or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset.
