Private Acts passed in 1778, 18 George 3 c.1 - c.113.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---

1. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Earl Nugent, and the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Bessacarr and High Ellars, within the several Manors of Brampton and Bessacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Francis Popham.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Meyer and Christopher Henry Martens.

5. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent (Part of the Estates devised and settled by the Will of John Thoyts, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Samson Gideon Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the like Uses and Trust, in the said Will.

6. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Common Grounds within the Parish of Bulwick, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands in the Liberties of Kimcoate and Walton, in the Parishes of Kimcoate and Knaptoft, in the County of Leicester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Titchmarsh, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and waste Grounds in the Parish, Lordship and Liberty of Sapcote, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Rushden, in the County of Northampton.

12. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Grounds in the Hamlet or Tithing of Bookampton in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of North Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land in the Lordship of Long Whatton, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for regulating the stocking of a certain Piece of inclosed Pasture Ground, called Nazeing Wood, or Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish of Nazeing, in the County of Essex, and for keeping the Fences thereof in Repair.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Brislington otherwise Busleton Common, in the Parish of Brislington otherwise Busleton, in the County of Somerset.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Lathom and Skelmersdale, in the Parish of Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Isham, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Common Pastures within the Lordship or Parish of Castle Donnington, in the County of Leicester.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts.

22. An Act to enable Walter James Head Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for enabling Charles Wyndham Esquire (now called Charles Edwin) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Edwin only.

24. An Act for naturalizing David Henry De Beanne.

25. An Act for naturalizing Hans Arswidsson.

26. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Loudonsack.

27. An Act for naturalizing Henry Wilckens.

28. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Deane and Jacob Gottfried Hippins.

29. An Act for naturalizing James Cazenove.

30. An Act for naturalizing Francis Long.

31. An Act for naturalizing Antoine Bazin.

32. An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to enfranchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and also to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parsonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Charles Howard Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland and Surrey, subject to certain Charges affecting the same.

34. An Act for vesting the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estates of Henry Perryn Browne Esquire, in the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom for making a Recompence to Sir Richard Perryn, his Father, for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Master of Baliol College, in Oxford.

36. An Act for establishing an Agreement, for discharging the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Leicester, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laughton, from the Payment of Tithes, or any Modus or Rate for Tithe; and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, as a Compensation for the said Tithes, and in lieu thereof.

37. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or Grounds, in the Tithing of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures and Common Grounds within the Parish of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Harpole, in the County of Northampton.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Common in the Lordship of Earl Shilton, in the County of Leicester.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands in the Tithings of Frampton and Hayley, in the Parish of Sapperton, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Braybrooke, in the County of Northampton.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures and Moors within the Parishes of Thimbleby and Edlington, in the County of Lincoln.

44. An Act for assigning certain Open and Inclosed Lands, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripley, in the County of York, pursuant to an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of John Ingilby Esquire, a Minor, and Walter Vavasour Esquire, Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth Eteson; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the consolidated Parishes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in the County of Gloucester; and for taking down the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Township and Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds called Shuckburgh Fields, in the County of Warwick.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marston, in the County of Bucks.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common or Wood, in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hertford.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the Parish of Patney, in the County of Wilts.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons Waste Lands within the Parish of Tacolneston, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Manor and Hamlet of Cow Honeyborn otherwise Chapel Honeyborn, in the County of Gloucester.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Glusburn Moor, within the Manor of Glusburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for vesting the several yearly Rents and Copyhold Fines, payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and issuing out of the several Messuages, Lands and Tenements within the Manor of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to enfranchise the several Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands and Tenements within the said Manor; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale and Enfranchisement in the manner therein mentioned.

56. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham, and General Cuthbert Ellison, for the Partition and Division of a Tract of unimproved Land, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition and Division made in pursuance thereof.

57. An Act to enable John Arthur Worsop (heretofore called John Arthur Esquire) to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms therein mentioned.

58. An Act to empower John Bond Merchant, and Sarah his Wife, or the Survivor of them, during their respective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Estate, in the County of Surrey.

59. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Bullock Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge an Incumbrance thereon, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

60. An Act for exemplifying or enrolling the Will of George late Lord Bingley deceased, and making such Exemplification, or attested Copies of the Inrolment thereof, Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Hitcham, in the County of Buckingham.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the Manor and Tithing of Coate, in the Parish of Bishop's Cannings, in the County of Wilts.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Barby, in the County of Northampton.

65. An Act for confirming a Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields, Common Meadows and Common Pastures within the Parish of Little Berkford, in the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Township of Kersall, in the Parish of Kneesall, and County of Nottingham.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the County of Gloucester, and several small Parcels of the said Fields which extend into the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County.

68. An Act for confirming, establishing and making effectual certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing Green and Cooks Hill, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks, and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick.

70. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges.

71. An Act to enable the Honourable Temple Simon Luttrell to make a Jointure upon his intended Wife out of his settled Estate; and for making a Provision, by way of Equivalent, in lieu thereof.

72. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hooke Campbell Esquire, with Elizabeth Eustacia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Byfield and Westrup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County of Northampton.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Fenny Compton, in the County of Warwick.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Westhay Moor, within the Parish of Mear, in the County of Somerset.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and Common Meadows within the Parish of Hanslop, in the County of Buckingham.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence and Saint Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, some or one of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Floore otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton.

79. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Sutton deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting certain Lands in the said Sir Richard Sutton, in Easthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, in the Archbishop of York and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for the Mansion House, Park and Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by the said Sir Richard Sutton upon Lease for Lives; and for vesting the same, together with other Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu of the said settled Estates.

80. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by Sir James Wright Baronet, for Sale of the Manor of Husborne Tarrant, and several Woodlands and Hereditaments in the County of Southampton, to Joseph Portal Esquire; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

81. An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Harrington, and the Receiver for the time being of the Estates of Arthur Champernowne Esquire, an Infant, to grant Leases and Setts of the same Estates during his Minority.

82. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Anthony Deane the younger, Esquire, in the County of Worcester, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, together with other Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein expressed.

83. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Henry Martin Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

84. An Act to authorise Sir Lawrence Dundas Baronet, and the several other Persons therein named, to insert in a Deed of Disposition and Conveyance of Lands and Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by Articles made previous to the Marriage of Thomas Dundas Esquire, with Lady Charlotte his Wife, the like Power of Exchange, as is contained in the Settlement made previous to the said Marriage, of certain Estates of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas, in England.

85. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Shawfield and others, in the Counties of Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shawfield, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

86. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett the younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

87. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields in the Manor and Parish of Gratley, in the County of Southampton.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Otley, and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Fourstones Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

90. An Act for dividing, inclosing and preserving a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parish of Edwinstow, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bolsterstone, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of Bolsover, in the Parishes of Bolsover and Clown, in the County of Derby.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common and Waste Ground within the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bolnhurst, in the County of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosures, within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tithes.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Ruskington, in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Northowram, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds of and within the Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Parish and Liberties of Wooton, in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Ground and Waste Grounds within the Manors or Lordships of Rouslench and Radford, in the Parish of Rouslench, in the County of Worcester.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, with Dame Annabella Blake, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Mary, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Christopher Degen, with Catherine Furlong, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

105. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin Esquire, with Mary, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

106. An Act to enable Edmund Hartopp (lately called Edmund Bunney) Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Hartopp.

107. An Act for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs.

108. An Act for naturalizing Phillippe Besnard.

109. An Act concerning certain Estates heretofore of Francis Keck Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Oxford and Wilts; that is to say, for vesting such Part thereof which hath been sold under a Decree and subsequent Order of the Court of Chancery, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same; and for carrying into Execution an Agreement concerning other Parts of such Estates; and for confirming and carrying into Execution a Partition made, pursuant to the said Decree and subsequent Order, of so much of the said Estates as remain unsold; and for vesting Part of such Estates in Diana Mary Barker, and her Heirs, subject to the Trusts in the Will of Francis Baber Esquire, deceased, and the Residue in Trustees, to be sold; and for directing the Application of the Money which shall arise by such Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Parish of Crayford, in the County of Kent, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; and also for vesting certain other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Norborn, Betshanger, Ham, Sholdon and Poultons, in the said County of Kent, called Poulton Farm, and West Street, and Park Gate Farm, entailed upon the Issue Male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned.

111. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands and Tenements in the County of Surrey, settled in and by the Will of Thomas Bridges Esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and draining certain Moors or Pieces of Waste Land within the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset.

113. An Act to enable James Rumball, now called James Quilter, his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour of Quilter, in pursuance of the Will of James Quilter Esquire, deceased.
