Private Acts passed in 1779, 19 George 3 c.1 - c.105.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---

1. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Winsorton, in the County of Hereford.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Hose.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Wood Bastwick, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act to enlarge, explain and amend the Powers given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Floore otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton.

6. An Act for naturalizing Theodorus Martinus Mispelblom Beijer.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Places in the Parish of Barkby, in the County of Leicester.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields and Common Downs within the Manor of Milston and Brigmerston, in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brattleby, in the County of Lincoln.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Grounds of Croft, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted Pasture and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of West Witton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and all other Commonable Lands within the Hamlet, Vill or Tithing of Ablingdon, in the Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Binton, and in the Hamlet of Drayton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath or Waste Land, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Coleshill, in the County of Warwick.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Open Fields within the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Lepton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Places in the Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe, and Thorpe Acre, in the County of Leicester.

18. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving certain Commons, Lands and Grounds in the Township of Ashwith, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Broom, in the County of Stafford.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage had between the Right Honourable Hugh Baron Percy, Lucy, Poynings, Fitzpayne, Bryan and Latimer, and the Right Honourable Ann Baroness Percy his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lee before and jointly with the Surname of Acton, pursuant to the Will of Baptist Lee Esquire, deceased.

22. An Act to enable William House the younger, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Newell, pursuant to the Will of William Newell Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the Right Honourable John Lord Monson, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks (the Settled Estates of Jane Willson, the Wife of George Willson Esquire), in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Dunsley and Haffcott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pastures and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Willingham, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish of West Stower, in the County of Dorset; and for allotting Lands in Exchange for Part of the Glebe Lands, and for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Impropriator of the said Parish.

28. An Act for allotting, dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land within the Parish of Aven Dasset, in the County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Badby, in the County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Mayseyhampton, in the County of Gloucester.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and all other Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Himbleton, in the County of Worcester.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and all other Commonable Land in the Parish of Grafton Flyford, in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the Township of Cropthorn, in the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of Worcester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Elton, in the County of Huntingdon.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Herberbury otherwise Harbury, in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend, in the Parish of Blakesley, in the County of Northampton.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures and Common or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under Bardon, in the Parish of Thornton, and County of Leicester.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving certain Open Fields, Ings, Meadows and Commons, or Waste Lands within the Parish of Huttoft in the County of Lincoln.

39. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish of Cainham, in the County of Salop.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Piece of Waste Ground within the Township of Fenwick, in the Parish of Campsal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Buckland, in the County of Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Knighton, in the County of Dorset.

43. An Act to enable John Raincock, and others therein described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher Fleming, deceased.

44. An Act for naturalizing Henry Amsinck.

45. An Act for establishing an Exchange between George Earl of Shrewsbury, and Thomas Gilbert Esquire, of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Stafford; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, between the Honourable Charles William Wyndham and others the Devisees of Charles late Earl of Egremont deceased, and their Issue, and Charles Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and for vesting and settling the same to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for several other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of his Freehold Estates in Middlesex during his Minority, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for Sale of the next Presentations to certain Livings, late the Estates of Sir Griffith Boynton Baronet, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for substituting other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his younger Children's Fortunes, in lieu of those by his Will charged therewith; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Henry Scourfield Esquire, situate in the County of Brecon, and for purchasing other Estates in the County of Pembroke, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

50. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, the settled Estate of John Tempest Esquire, situate in the County of Kent, in Trust, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

51. An Act to impower certain Persons to infranchise divers Copyhold and Customary Lands and Tenements within the several Manors or Lordships of Titchfield, Lee, Marks and Mirabell, Crofton and Newland, in the County of Southampton; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire, during his Life, and after his Death the Guardian or Guardians of his Issue Male by the Honourable Frances Bowater his Wife, during their respective Infancies, to grant Building Leases of his settled Estates at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent.

53. An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, and in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Churchill Esquire, and Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of some of the Trust Securities for the advancing to the Children, in their Father's Life-time, Part of their Portions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his Decease.

54. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Carmarthen, Brecon and Radnor (devised by the Will of Roderick Gwynne Esquire, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

55. An Act for varying certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darwen Moor, in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the County of Cumberland.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Claxton otherwise Long Clawson, in the County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Liberties of Bucknell, in the County of Oxford.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor of Ashover in the County of Derby.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands in the Manor and Hamlet of Dean, in the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford.

63. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Commonable and Waste Lands, called Acton Common, Marlepit Common and Cock Shute, within the Parish of Iron Acton, in the County of Gloucester.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields of Leire in the County of Leicester.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of the Common or Waste Ground called Kingswood, which lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Gloucester.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Clifford Chambers, in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the Parishes and Liberties of Bierton and Hulcot, in the County of Bucks.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Common, or Open Fields and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Wilts; and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Market Raisin, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Common Pastures, lying and being within the Manors, Lordships or Liberties of Kibworth Beauchamp, Kibworth Harcourt and Smeeton Westerby, in the Parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, in the County of Leicester.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Lands of and within the Manor, Lordship or Liberties of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and other Commonable Lands within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kintbury, in the County of Berks.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Oulton Heath, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

75. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places in the Manor and Parish of Wanborough, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Kislingbury, in the County of Northampton.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Milton otherwise Middleton, Malsor and Collingtree otherwise Collingtrough, in the County of Northampton.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable and Waste Lands of Idbury, Bowld and Foscott, within the Manor and Parish of Idbury, in the County of Oxford.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Calverton, in the County of Nottingham.

80. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of Mary Edwards, deceased, Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

81. An Act for naturalizing Peter Daillé Bonnevaux.

82. An Act for naturalizing John Sellon.

83. An Act for naturalizing James Charnaud.

84. An Act for appointing new Trustees, in the Place of those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of Sir William Dalston Knight, as will be sufficient for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged thereof.

85. An Act for enabling the Trustees, named in the Will of Richard Persehowse, late of Reynolds Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at Interest, on Mortgage of the Freehold Estates late of the said Richard Persehowse, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand three hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the Purchase of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard Persehowse.

86. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Rous Esquire, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Monies arising therefrom towards discharging certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late John Nicoll, of Bolton, in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesall, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Evenly otherwise Bury Manor, in the County of Northampton.

90. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Osborne, Baron Osborne of Kiveton, in the County of York, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, with Lady Amelia D'Arcy, Baroness Conyers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution, an Award touching certain Questions and Disputes between the Right Honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and Isabella Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the Most Noble George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke of Buccleugh, and Elizabeth Duchess of Buccleugh his Wife, and the Right Honourable Charles William, eldest Son of the said Duke and Duchess of Buccleugh, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith.

92. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Estates situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Redcliffe and Saint Thomas, or one of them, in the City of Bristol, given by Thomas Eden the Elder, late of Broadmarston, in the Parish of Pebworth, in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, for charitable Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Shack Meadows and Heaths, and other Commons, Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Darsingham otherwise Dersingham, in the County of Norfolk.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Morland, in the Parish of Morland, in the County of Westmorland.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, Meadows and Waste Lands within the Parish of Chisledon, in the County of Wilts.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Brecks, Common Fields, Half Year Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Grimston, in the County of Norfolk.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the Township of Cranage, in the County Palatine of Chester.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hasland, in the County of Derby.

99. An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Allotment of certain Commons or Forest and Waste Lands within the Parish of Elksley, in the County of Nottingham.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of Buckingham.

101. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Scaly, with Ann Woodroffe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath Sewell Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Birmingham his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Bromfield with Ann Broom his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Frantois Dumergue with Ann Catherine his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland.
