Private Acts passed in 1780-1, 21 George 3, c.1 - c.43.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Kern, and Nathaniel Lewis Paleske.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Shotesham Saint Mary, Shotesham Saint Botolph, Shotesham All Saints, and Shotesam Saint Martin's, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highclere and Burghclere, in the County of Southampton.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Hingham, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds ended Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Brecks, Commons, and Wastes, in Great Ringstead, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for inclosing and improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of West Halton, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Wife of Sir Robert Smyth Baronet, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name Of her Jointure.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Herman Kater.

10. An Act for naturalizing John Engelberts Ziegenbein and Charles Augustus Pieschell.

11. An Act for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn.

12. An Act for naturalizing Peter Chaffeaud.

13. An Act for naturalizing James Mary Siordet and John Lewis Hooffstetter.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Wilts.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Dillorn otherwise Dilhorne, in the County of Stafford:

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stoney Middleton, in the County of Derby.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Ilmington, in the County of Warwick.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rothley, as within the Extraparochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the County of Leicester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act to enable John Tripe Clerk, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swete.

21. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of Mountsorrell, in the County of Leicester.

25. An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Louisa Harriot Henley, the Wife of William Henley Esquire.

26. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arife therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to he settled to the like Uses, instead thereof.

27. An Act for vesting Part of a certain Close called Shack Field, otherwise Vicar's Field, Parcel of the Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of making a convenient Road from a Street called Southgate, in the Town of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the Public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturers Hall; and to enable the vicar Of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Building Leases of the other Parts of the said Close, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act for diverting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of divers Manors, Messuages, Farms, Rectories, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, out of Charles Banks and his Heirs, and for vesting the same in Trustees, and their Heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several Uses, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the nineteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Edmund Mapes Esquire, in Honeing, in the County of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Mapes, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollesby Burgh alias Burrow and Repps, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

30. An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sussex and Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of John Radcliffe, of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Baker, Esquire, in Folkstone, in the County of Kent, in the said John Baker, in Fee Simple; and for settling another Estate of the said John Baker, in the said County of Kent, of equal Value, in lieu thereof.

32. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement, for cancelling and making void a Settlement of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the Honourable Ann Fairfax Spinster; and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement.

33. An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate of Ann Pinnock, an Infant, at New Windsor, in the County of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas Tildesley, Gentleman.

34. An Act for effecting an Exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Salop; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Devisee and Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the Province of Maryland in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for establishing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner, therein mentioned.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor otherwise Thurll Moor, Mark Liberty Moor otherwise Yonder Moor, and Fole Moors and Commons, situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the Manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof, as a Common Pasture, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Grinshill, Sansaw, and Clive, in the Parishes of Grinshill and Saint Mary, in the County of Salop.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places of, and belonging to, Cropston, in the Parish of Thurcaston, and County of Leicester

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of Worcester.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston Bissett, in the County of Bucks.

