Private Acts passed in 1780, 20 George 3 c.1 - c.62.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Scarrington and Aslacton, in the County of Nottingham.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, in Stonesby, in the County of Leicester.

3. An Act to enable Mary Ruck Spinster, notwithstanding her Minority, to convey, assign and settle her Real and Personal Estate on her intended Marriage with Benjamin Keene Esquire.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Leckford Abbotts, and Abbess, in the County of Southampton.

5. An Act to enable Richard Bourne Esquire, his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assume and use the Name, and bear the Arms of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, deceased.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Salomon Balthasar Sontag.

7. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of Huntingdon.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Staveley, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Fields Lands, Brecks, Commons and Wastes, within the Parish of Heacham, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for dividing, alloting and inclosing the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and also certain Commons, Severals and Wastes, within the Parish of Tottenhill with West Briggs, in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Legburn, in the County of Lincoln.

12. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Kighley, Thwaites and Newsholme, in the Parish of Kighley, and County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Matlock, in the County of Derby.

14. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Wilts.

15. An Act for dividing and enclosing all and every the Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and exchanging the Lands in the Common Fields and Common Pastures, and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Salperton, in the County of Gloucester.

17. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Cazenove and David Duval.

18. An Act for naturalizing Bartholemew Huber.

19. An Act to effect an Exchange between Sir James Peachy Baronet, and others, Trustees of an Almshouse of Charity, at Petworth, in the County of Sussex, and George Obrien Earl of Egremont, of certain Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Charity, for other Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of Egremont.

20. An Act for establishing and confirming and Agreement made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich, and Robert Fellowes, Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk.

21. An Act for vesting absolutely One Third Part of Three Crofts of Land, and the Erections and Buildings thereon, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Layton otherwise Low Layton, in the County of Essex (devised by the Will of John Smith deceased, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Swithin and Saint Peter in Eastgate in the City of Lincoln), in Trustees to be sold to Samuel Bosanquet Esquire, and for laying out the Money thereby arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled and assured for the Benefit of the Poor aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will.

22. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, late of John Norris Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, and the Codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Swinford, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of East Farndon in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Grendon, in the County of Northampton.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, Carrs and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Manor of Thornton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Manor and Parish of Tiffield, in the County of Northampton.

28. An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Common and Shackage, in and over the Common Fields, and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parishes of Salthouse and Kelling, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and allotting certain Warrens, Heaths, Commons, Waste Lands and Commonable Grounds, within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, in the Parishes of Northill and Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Northwood or Northwood Common, in the Township of Noke, in the Parish of Pembridge, and County of Hereford.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Teirtriff, and also a certain Parcel of Open Common and Waste Lands called Gwernymynydd, within the Manor of Hopton, in the County of Montgomery.

32. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common Fields within the Parish of Ickenham, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An Act to enable James Bigot Esquire, an Infant (lately called James Godin), and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other Persons who shall become intitled to the Estates late of Peter Bigot Esquire, deceased, under the Limitations contained in his Will, to take and use the Surname of Bigot, pursuant to his said Will.

34. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldimand.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting and enclosing, the Commons, Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Finders, in the Parish of Mickleover, and County of Derby.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, within the Parishes of Warminster and Corsley, in the County of Wilts; and for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Oldswinford, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Hilton, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove in the County of Derby.

39. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Lochee.

40. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Estates settled by the Will of the Most Noble Robert late Duke of Ancaster and Kesleven, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act to enable John Ord Esquire, and John Tyton Esquire, Trustees named in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable Thomas Onslow with Arabella his now Wife, to sell the Rents, Services, Duties, Reliefs, Heriots and other Dues and Payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants of the several Manors or Lordship comprised in the said Settlement, and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tenements held of such Manors or Lordships, and for laying out the Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now stand settled.

42. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right Honourable Horatio Lord Walpole, and Thomas William Coke Esquire, of divers Lands in the County of Norfolk, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, and devised by the Will of Thomas Earl of Leicester, deceased; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party to such and the same Uses as the Lands for which the same are exchanged stood settled and limited.

43. An Act for vesting certain Messuages in the City of London, Part of the Estates late of Charles Lord Viscount Irwyn, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An Act for vesting the Real Estates, late of Roger Gee, of Bishop Burton in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and the Debts and Legacies of the said Roger Gee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates of Thomas More Molyneux Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as now remain unsatisfied.

46. An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities established by the Settlements and Will of Henry Raine Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Monies and Funds, granted, assigned, settled and given, for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Charities, to them and their Successors, in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses and Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed, and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Charities.

47. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Copley Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term of One thousand Years, in Trust, to raise, by way of Mortgage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands, called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the Parish of Wellbourn cum Sapperton, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shennington, in the County of Gloucester.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Parishes of Stratton Audley in the County of Oxford, and Coversfield in the County of Bucks.

51. An Act to enable John Ingilby Esquire (lately called John Wright), to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Ingilby, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Ingilby Baronet, deceased.

52. An Act to enable Richard Gee the younger, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir Nicholas Hackes Carew, Baronet, deceased.

53. An Act for rendering effectual an Act made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Wittington, in the County of Salop.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Fen Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Foulden, in the County of Norfolk.

55. An Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Moss otherwise Moseley, in the Parish of Campsall, and also the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the parish of Kirk Bramwith in the West Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of Surrey, known by the Name of the Palace of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Two Closes near thereto adjoining, in Trust, to sell the same, and for disposing of, and applying the Money to arise thereby, and received on account of the Dilapidations thereof, and other Money, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Lincoln (which, by the Will of Thomas Humberston Esquire, deceased, were devised to Thomas Frederick Mackenzie Humberston Esquire, for his Life, with several Remainders over in Strict Settlement), in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling the same, and laying out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of certain other Hereditaments, Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Kenneth Mackenzie, Earl of Scaforth in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled to the Uses to which the Estates intended to be sold now stand limited.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Thrapston, in the County of Northampton.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Brixworth otherwise Briclesworth, in the County of Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township of Grewelthorp, in the West Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in Little Catworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

