Private Acts passed in 1781-2, 22 George 3 c.1 - c.33.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Henry Meier and Herman Diederich Retberg.

2. An Act for allotting Part of Minsterworth Ham, in the Parish of Minsterworth in the County of Gloucester, to Charles Barrow Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon; and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Claudius Billet.

4. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Schmoll.

5. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Tshiffeli.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Land called Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, late the Estate of John Lord Monson, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and disposed of in and for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codicil; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Honley, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the County of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor.

9. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution, certain Agreements entered into by John Pitt Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, and for vesting the same in the said John Pitt, and his Heirs, in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of John Burridge Cholwich Esquire, in the County of Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Estates in the said County, in lieu thereof.

11. An Act for discharging the Manor of Imley otherwise Evenley, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Imley otherwise Evenley aforesaid, and elsewhere in the County of Northampton, Part of the Estate of Sir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the Uses, Estates and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis Basset, late of Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling another Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

12. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Newton Esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right Honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holles, Countess of Oxford, and Countess Mortimer, deceased, in Trustees in Trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies and other remaining Incumbrances affecting the Whole of the Estates late of her the said Countess, which were devised by her Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for vesting in Trustees a competent Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, in the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Giles in the Fields, for the Purpose of raising on Mortgage, or otherwise, such Sums of Money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new Street therein mentioned, from the East End of the New Church in the Strand, to the South End of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary Costs, Charges and Expences, attending the same.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Robert late Earl of Holdernesse, deceased, in the County of York, in Trustees, for a Term of Years, for raising and Payment of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the Will of the said Earl on his said Estates.

16. An Act for Sale of an annual Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds, payable to the See of Ely, out of certain Estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

17. An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex and Sussex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, to make an Indemnity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against the perpetual Annual Sums or Payments to which such Parts are liable.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winstone, in the County of Gloucester.

19. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Kingston Deverill, in the County of Wilts.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common called Thormanby Carr, within the Parish of Thormanby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bolam, in the Parish of Gainford in the County of Durham.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with the West Side of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands within the Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of Merevale.

24. An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Wookey, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Creaton, in the County of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Creaton, in the Parish of Spratton, in the said County.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the Parish of Piddington, in the County of Northampton.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Tything of Eastington otherwise Northleach Foreign, in the Manor of Eastington, in the Parish of Northleach, in the County of Gloucester.

29. An Act for inclosing and leasing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Parish and Borough.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby.

31. An Act for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of Batcombe, in the County of Somerset, to the Rector of the said Parish; and for vesting the same, together with an additional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Common, in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said Common of Norwood; and for confirming all the several other Parts of the said Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common and Tithes belonging to the said Rectory.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates late in Jointure to Dame Sarah Fowler Widow, in Trustees, to be sold, conveyed and settled, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Exchequer.

33. An Act for naturalizing Henry Eggers.
