Private Acts passed in 1782-3, 23 George 3 c.1 - c.44.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields within the Township of Bernard Castle, in the County of Durham.

3. An Act for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the Manor of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township of North Deighton, in the County of York.

5. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7. An Act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fasnacht.

8. An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinbold Seebl.

9. An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud.

10. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing and leasing a Piece of Waste Land called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford; and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish and Borough.

11. An Act for naturalizing David Piffard.

12. An Act for vesting the Manor, or reputed Manor of Vininers otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

13. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there, called Richmond Park or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

14. An Act for enabling William Pultney Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and City of London.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford, in the County of Berks.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Town Fields, Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Henshaw and Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Roos in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

19. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving a certain Common or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staunton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Williams, of the City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable Richard Newman Harding Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Newman, pursuant to the Will of Richard Newman Esquire, deceased.

22. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey Esquire, with Elizabeth Thompson his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alexander Aubert.

24. An Act for naturalizing John James Tourneisen.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Land within the Parish of Church Lench, in the County of Worcester.

26. An Act to enable John Browne Esquire, and his Issue Male to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to the Will of William Selby Esquire, deceased.

27. An Act for naturalizing Christian Hinrich Ruther.

28. An Act for impowering Nigel Bowyer Gresley Esquire, to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staffordshire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, Iron Masters; and also to grant Leases of Lands and Mines within the same Estates.

29. An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant Building or Repairing Leases of certain Tenements, Houses and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex.

30. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Dean and Chapter of Saint Paul's, London, and the College of Doctors of Law exercent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, for vesting certain Tenements in the City of London, called Doctor's Commons, held by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter by Leases for Years in the said College in Fee Simple, and reserving thereout a certain yearly Rent to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors for ever.

31. An Act to enable Sir William Abdy Baronet, to grant Leases of his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of Surrey.

32. An Act for vesting such Parts of the Real Estates of James Templer Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties of Hants, Wilts and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Luther Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said John Luther in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

34. An Act to vest in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates of John Hanbury Williams Esquire, situate in the County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied upon the Trusts and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Manor and Parish of King Somborn, in the County of Southampton.

36. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs, Waste Lands and Commonable Places within the several Parishes of Odstock, Homington, West Harnham and Netherhampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the East End of the said Parish of Homington, in the County of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boilstone, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, using, cultivating and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same.

39. An Act to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for enfranchising certain Customary Estates within the Manor of Johnby, in the County of Cumberland.

40. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Andrew Bayntun Esquire, with Lady Maria Coventry his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Miol.

42. An Act for naturalizing Margaretta Phillippina Wale and Mary Pemberton.

43. An Act for confirming, establishing and making effectual the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford.

44. An Act to effectuate a Partition or Division of certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power Esquire, deceased.
