Private Acts passed in 1783-4, 24 George 3, Sess. 1 c.1 - c.14.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Splitgerber and Sebastian Fridag.

2. An Act for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Morley, in the County of Derby.

4. An Act to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Savile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savile Baronet, deceased.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Walter Nisbet Esquire, with Anne Blomberg, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Everard Brande.

7. An Act for naturalizing Detlev Bonaventura Eicke and John Henry Hecker.

8. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish of Petersham, formerly Part of the Park there called Richmond Park or New Park, in the County of Surrey, to Caroline, Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a full and valuable Consideration.

9. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Bolton, deceased, devised and settled by his Will, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said Will, for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution a Decree and certain Orders of the High Court of Chancery for Sale of the same Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Jacob Preston Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act to enable William Hunt Grubbe Esquire, and Walter Hunt Grubbe Gentleman, and, after their several Deaths, the Guardians of their respective Issue, to make Leases of their settled Estates in the County of limits, and in the City of Bristol.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Leyburn, and Parish of Wensley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Woods, Waste Lands, and Other Commonable Places in the Parish of Andevor, in the County of Southampton.

14. An Act to enable David Edward Lexers Esquire, to take, ule, and bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd, late of Wern Newith, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, deceased.

