Private Acts passed in 1784, 24 George 3 sess. 2. c.1 - c.29.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of the Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right Honourable Edward the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

2. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

3. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Okill, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns; and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Undivided inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hextrope with Bally, and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish.

11. An Act to explain and amend a Power veiled in John Dalton Esquire, so grant Leases, so far as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate or Dalziell, lying in the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within mentioned; and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Roschall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same.

14. An Act for replacing the Sum of five thousand five hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of six thousand two hundred and six Pounds four Shillings, Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of seventeen thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, in the County of Southampton; and for vesting such Estates in Edward Mordant Esquire.

15. An Act to enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York

21. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart.

22. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Rowley, to apply Part of the Trust Monies in rebuilding the Mansion House called Tendring Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act for inverting the Estates late of Thomas Barlow Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dewes Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An Act to impower Margaret Bowes Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates in the same County, of greater Value.

