Private Acts passed in 1785, 25 George 3 c.1 - c.61.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act to enable William Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of Rose.

2. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wiple.

3. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hendrick Van Hagen.

4. An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, a certain Common, and certain Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures, Wolds, Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Commons, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for naturalizing Simon Tamm.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Andrew De Luc.

9. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert.

10. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Evelyn Viscount Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of their Issue Male, to make Leases of the Estates in Cornwall devised by the Will of Hugh late Viscount Falmouth deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases of the Mines therein.

11. An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Somerset, and in the City of London, devised by of Thomas late Earl of Leicester deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, situate in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Colerne Down, within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Wash Grounds, Within the Townships of Wykeham and Ruston, in the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of York,

16. An Act to enable William Pemberton Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Issue, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Cludde, pursuant to the Will ot Edward Cludde Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and his Heirs, the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of a Messuage, or Dwelling House, in Dover-street, in the County of Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas Lord King deceased, and for settling a Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

18. An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Hereford and the Right Honourable Charles Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Hertford.

19. An Act for confirming a Mortgage made by John Newnham Esquire, of Part of his settled Estates in Sussex, pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and for enabling him to make a further Mortgage of his settled Estates, according to such Decree, and for discharging both Incumbrances with the Produce of his Estates vested in Trustees to be sold.

20. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert Pope Blachford Esquire, for Exchange of certain Grounds in the Parish of Whippingham, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid.

21. An Act for vesting two thirty-sixth Shares of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the County of Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edward Holt Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

22. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Anthony Wharton Esquire, deceased, situate and being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste, or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington, otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Portsea, and County of Southampton.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Kinnerley and Mclveruy, in the County of Salop.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Townships of Pickering and Newton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derby.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clatford, in the County of Southampton.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, in the County of Leicester.

30. An Act to enable John Simpson (lately called John Bridgman) Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson.

31. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Heneage Earl of Aylesford, in the County of Kent, for another Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as and for a School-home, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Blandford Forum, of greater Value.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the Estates of the Right Honourable Sir John Shelley Baronet, deceased, which, upon his Death, descended to his Son Sir John Shelley Baronet, an Infant, as his Heir at Law, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned.

34. An Act for better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe, of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland, Clerk, deceased.

35. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Henry Hippisley Coxe Esquire, in Somersetshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant as well Leases of the Coal Mines as other Leases.

36. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Cotes Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Warren Clerk, and Sir Thomas Charles Banbury Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for discharging Part of the Estates so vested from a perpetual yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part of the said John Topp's devised Estates to the Payment thereof.

39. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Barnbarroch and Shenchan, lying in the County of Wigtown, and Stewartry of Kircudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting either of those Estates, and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the same Heirs, and under the same Limitations, as are mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven.

40. An Act for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, lying in the County of Wigtown, in Sir William Maxwell, of Munreith, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Tail, the Estate of Little Killantrae, and others, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

41. An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Freehold and of Estates of William Clarke Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned.

42. An Act to enable the Honourable Wilbraham Tollemache, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of Lands and Hereditaments in the County Palatine of Chester (devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Lionel late Earl of Dyfart), upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

43. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Walwyn Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in the said James Walwyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James Walwyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

44. An Act for Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Parnell, a Lunatick, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Moss, within the Hamlet or Township of Forton, in the County of Lancaster.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, and for draining and improving certain Common Moors, within the Parish of Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset.

48. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving certain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, in Woodmansey, Thearne, Weal, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of Sussex.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for naturalizing William Henry Collignon.

52. An Act for naturalizing Barnard Levi.

53. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Llandegai, in the County of Carnarvon, belonging to the Trustees of the Free School of Beaumaris, in the Right Honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett Esquire, and Martha his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting other Parts of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof.

55. An Act to enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hereford, and which are now subject to the Trusts of the Will of the late John Smith Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the said John Smith.

56. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of

Foffont, Swallow-clift, Ebesborne, Wake, Broadchalk, Bowerchalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds, and Common, within the Township of Kilnwick, in the Parish of Kilnwick, in the East Riding of the County of York

58. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis Esquire, with Ann Stewart his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act to enable John Schrieber Esquire, and the Heir of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lateward,

60. An Act for naturalizing Charles Imhoff.

61. An Act for naturalizing Hermann Graumann.

