Private Acts passed in 1786, 26 George 3 c.1 - c.60.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. AN Act for naturalizing Louis Weltje and Alexander von Mayersbach.

2. An act for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

3. An act for naturalizing John Henry Christopherson.

4. An act for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

6. An act to enable Cornelius Salvidge (now called Cornelius Tutton), and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton Esquire, deceased.

7. An act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

8. An act for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George Christian Matthiessen.

9. An act for naturalizing Guflaf Hederstedt.

10. An act to enable the Right Honourable Francis Lord Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right Honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

11. An act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels of Waste Grounds within the Manors of Narberth, Templeton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the Parishes of Narberth and Robcstone Wathan, in the County of Pembroke.

15. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset.

16. An act to enable George Tasburgh Esquire (lately called George Crathorne), and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh Esquire, deceased.

17. An act for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate belonging to the said Vicarage.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Crich and Southwingfeld, in the County of Derby.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wallop, Hursbourn Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of Southampton.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York.

25. An act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary Week, otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of Wilshamstead otherwise Wilstead, in the County of Bedford.

26. An act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, intailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Henry William Arundell Viscount Gallway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Benjamin Borlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York.

29. An act for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick.

30. An act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields and other Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Sinnington with Marton and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Aston otherwise Aston Abbot in the County of Salop.

33. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates vested in Trustees for Sale.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

36. An act for enabling the Right Honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stourton, his Wife, the Right Honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right Honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sura of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford.

37. An act to enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Darner, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Damer, Widow), to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of forty thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said Articles mentioned.

38. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Lord and Lady Camelford, and for making a further Provision for the younger Children of the said Marriage.

39. An act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses, and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Wasey Esquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his Wife.

40. An act for vesting the Estate late of John Shipton Esquire, deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned.

41. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttleworth Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates so to be sold, in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant building and repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election made between the said Parties respecting the said Estates.

42. An act for effecting an Exchange between Rebecca Assheton Widow, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, of certain small Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts.

43. An act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatick) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating, an Open Common called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the same, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands; and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively.

48. An act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts.

49. An act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Whichcot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An act to impower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge Esquire, and of his Sisters, to make or grant building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

51. An act for vesting the Estate comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled, in like Manner, in lieu thereof.

52. An act for applying Part of the Trust Fund which was given by the Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

54. An act for enabling the Right Honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Boyle of Marston, in England, to pull down the present Parish Church of Marston Biggott otherwise Marston Bygood) in the County of Somerset) and for building a Hew Parish Church there.

55. An act to enable William Bamford Esquire, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

56. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, to the same Uses.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called Belper Ward and Chevin Ward, in the County of Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of Duffield, Belper, Hazlewood, and Makeney, within the Parish of Duffield, in the said County of Derby.

58. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or one of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

59. An act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Samuel Skey Esquire, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for another Estate of equal Value, and for effecting a Sale of other Part of the said devised Estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for investing the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

60. An act for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefusis.
