Private Acts passed in 1787, 27 George 3 c.1 - c.41.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing George Wakerbath.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An act for naturalizing Solomon Dedel.

4. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covebite, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow-Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with or adjoining to the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford.

6. An act for naturalizing Daniel Graff.

7. An act for naturalizing Peter Everhard Camper.

8. An act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler.

9. An act for naturalizing Peter John Hosch.

10. An act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Williamston, the Lands of Drumdewan, Lednock, Mansion House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in favour of, Thomas Graham Esquire, of Balgowan, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, of Blair Lands, of Pitmurthly Maws, and others, lying Within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of Forfar.

11. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Fawkener Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Spofforth, in the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York.

14. An act for naturalizing John Jacob Hertel.

15. An act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolt Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the twenty-second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset.

17. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof.

18. An act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge, devised by the Will of Theophilus Dillingham Esquire, deceased, in Dillingham Brampton Gunlon Dillingham Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses as the devised Estates now stand limited.

19. An act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of the Estate of Oldfield Bowles Esquire, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Oldfield Bowles with Mary his now Wife, and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

20. An act for vesting the Tythes and Estate at Orton, in the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the same County, in John Peach Hungerford Esquire, for his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Kent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach Hungerford, at Orton aforesaid, in lieu thereof.

21. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley with the Right Honourable Lady Ann Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Bitteswell, in the County of Leicester.

23. An act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymalzeard, in the County of York.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of Shipton under Wichwood, in the County of Oxford.

28. An act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

29. An act for vesting the Estates in the County of York, and also the Heir Looms, devised and bequeathed by the Will of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert late Lord Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Robert Salusbury Esquire, with Katherine his Wife.

31. An act for vesting Part of the Estates late of William Simpson Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Township of Lastingham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or reputed Manor and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Stafford.

34. An act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships of Stecton and Eastburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and the Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of Derby.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby.

38. An act for inclosing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds lying within the Township or Constablewick of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, called The High Wood and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes, or publick Expences, within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter.

39. An act for naturalizing William Homeyer.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butler, and a certain Intercommon Field and Meadow called The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham.
