Private Acts passed in 1787-8, 28 George 3 c.1 - c.55.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Riddlesden other wise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Somerset.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Widow, deceased.

6. An Act for vesting the Real Estate of Thomas Reads Esquire, and Elizabeth Reads his Daughter, situate in Shirburn, Brittwell, Sallome, Lewknor, Stokenchurch, and Kingston Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs, and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, in Manner therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of Derby.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of Drainton, Lea, and Amerton, all within the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Humberstone, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within {be Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise Wavendon, in the County of Bucks.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mowsley, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lord ship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfrey Hintze.

18. An Act for divesting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Tracts of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the same in another Trustee, upon the same Trusts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Hugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Basset Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Elisha Biscoe Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his late Father Elishaa Biscoe Esquire, deceased.

21. An Act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley Esquire, and the future Tenants for Life of the Estates devised by the Will of Bowyer Adderley Esquire, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

22. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend Philip Puleston, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of Ruabon, in the County of Denbigh, and Sir Watkin Williams Winn Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

23. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William Chafin Clerk, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes.

24. An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in Hesslewood, in the Parish of Hessle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinson Pease Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amyand Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to thw like Uses.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William Gossip Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Templer Esquire, in the County of Devon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Errington Esquire, with Harriet Coren his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground, called Castlemartin Corse, within the Manor and Parish of Castlemartin, in the County of Pembroke.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the County of Northampton.

32. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, (except Mangotsfield Common, Emerson's Green, and Vinney Green), and for vesting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Rent Charge issuing out of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kirkbymoorside, Fadmoor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of Kirkbymoorside, in the North Riding of the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Netherhaven, other wise Netheravon, in the County of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of Bagby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex.

42. An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of Yafforth, Thruntoft, Little Langton, and Danby upon Whiskk, some or one of them, in the North Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brightside, in the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Botton, and Losgill Bank, in the Township of Graffington, in the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, other wise Tynemouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and Wilpshire, other wise Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn and Honour of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn and County Palatine of Lancaster.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streetmarshal, Tyrymynech, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery.

50. An Act for naturalizing John Phillip Weber

51. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes.

52. An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis Guerry.

53. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines, and to invest the Monies, arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Twiss Esquire, with Frances Dorrill his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

