Private Acts passed in 1789, 29 George 3 c.1 - c.68.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and two Moors or Commons called Upper Bradley Common and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act to enable Ralph Willis Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Vogel, and Henry Siffken.

5. An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet, and James Lewis Siordet.

6. An Act for the Naturalization of Lewis Pourtales.

7. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Fortick Sheridan Esquire with Lydia Fergussone, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons and Commonable Lands,in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open. Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Thrussington, otherwise Thurstanton, otherwise Trussington, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secretan, otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

12. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Hallet Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

13. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be vested in Trustees to be sold.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Wiswell Moor, in the Township of Wiswell, and Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Pulton, alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of Chickerill, alias West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Mechen Iscoed and Plas y Dinas, in the County of Montgomery.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingstoke, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Whatton, in the County of Nottingham.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures within the Township of Langcliffe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act to enable Charles Watkin John Buckworth Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Shakerley, pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackson.

24. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Demezy.

25. An Act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Louth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the Right Honourable George Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the said Vicar.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Honywood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fitzherbert Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unsold.

28. An Act to enable Richard Moland Esquire, natural Guardian of his Infant Daughters Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Moland, Latitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of one undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and Aston near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to lay out convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages, to the Buildings to be erected thereon.

29. An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Reverend Jonas Slaney and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym Hales Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Earl Tylney in London, Middlesex, and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

32. An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Foster, deceased.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Northey Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

34. An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, an Infant, at Boreham, in the County of Essex.

35. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickenson Esquire, deceased, and for applying two-thirds of the Money, agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, to be settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and for such other Purposes as in the said Act mentioned.

36. An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, one made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases; and for other Purposes.

37. An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contract with Jacob Bosanquet Esquire, for Sale of Part of his settled Estates, and vesting the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale.

38. An Act to enable Sir John Ingleby Baronet, to charge his settled Estates in the County of York in the Manner therein mentioned.

39. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commons Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham, Northwarnborough, Hillside, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts.

43. An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and several other Commons within the said Township.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanby next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and Watchfield, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks.

48. An Act to enable Arthur Annesley Roberts Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes.

50. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gemsa.

51. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Estate of Elizabeth Parson, deceased, Wife of John Parsons Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William John Arabin Esquire, with Henrietta Molyneux his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds and County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forests, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, alf the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands,in the Lordship or Liberties of Osmaston next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Sinsin Moor.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester.

62. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron de Robeck.

63. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lecornu.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

67. An Act for vesting the Manor of Ashted, otherwise Great Ashted, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for investing Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

68. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Bons, Francis Blanchenay, and James Chauvet.

