Local Acts passed in 1790, 30 George 3 c.1 - c.49.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 37.
---

1. An act for dividing and enclosing the common cow pasture and common fen in the parish of Pointon, in the county of Lincoln.

2. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields and a stinted pasture called Linton Pasture, within the township of Linton, in the west riding of the county of York.

3. An act for naturalising Gottlob Gotthelff Schusler.

4. An act for vesting part of the freehold estates devised by the will of James Money esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as the estates to be sold now stand limited to.

5. An act to dissolve the marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, fens, and waste lands, within the parish of Old Buckenham, in the county of Norfolk.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields in the township of Burton Leonard, in the county of York.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the several moors, commons, or waste grounds, called Dunkeswick Common, Huby Common, Wescoehill Common, and Weeton Green, within the manor and parish of Harewood, in the county of York.

9. An act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or commonable lands and grounds, and common pastures or waste lands, within the manor and parish of Dibden, in the county of Southampton.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and regulating the open fields, meadows, pastures, moors, commons, and grounds in the parish of North Collingham, in the county of Nottingham.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common moor or tract of waste ground called Killingworth Moor, in the parish of Long Benton, in the county of Northumberland.

12. An act to enable Thomas Samwell Watson Samwell esquire, (lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) and his heirs male, to take the surname, and use the arms of Samwell, pursuant to the will of sir Thomas Samwell baronet, deceased.

13. An act for naturalising George Paetsch, John Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur.

14. An act for naturalising Julius George Bierbaum.

15. An act for naturalising Noah Turmine.

16. An act for naturalising Matthias Koops.

17. An act for embanking the common salt marsh within the parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Terrington Saint John's, in the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and enclosing the same, and other commons within the said parishes.

18. An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable lands within the manor of Deverill Longbridge, Huffey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the county of Wilts.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Dormstone, in the county of Worcester.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Harby, in the county of Leicester.

21. An act for naturalising William Blaauw.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, common meadows and pastures, common and waste lands, in the liberty or lord ship of Mickleover, in the county of Derby.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing part of a certain common or waste land, called Road Common, within the manor of Road and Longhorn, in the parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the counties of Somerset and Wilts.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, within the manor of Bleatarn, in the parish of Warcop, in the county of Westmoreland.

25. An act to confirm and establish the division, allotments, and enclosure, of the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, lying in the parish of Cotgrave, in the county of Nottingham, and also several exchanges of lands within the said parish.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Polebrook, in the county of Northampton.

27. An act for impowering the trustees of the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle to lay out part of his settled money in the purchase of a leasehold manor, messuages, farms, lands, tithes, tenements, and hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled estates in the counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like trusts, and with the like powers, as his said estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to.

28. An act for sale of part of the settled estates of Richard Wilson esquire, deceased, in the county of York, and for settling other estates, in the county of the city of York, in lieu thereof.

29. An act for vesting the settled estates of the reverend Stephen White, doctor of laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the trustees in the mean time to grant building and repairing leases

30. An act to enable sir John Riddell baronet, to use the surname and arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the will of Archibald Buchanan esquire, deceased, and for vesting certain estates in the counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said will to the uses therein mentioned, in trustees to sell the same, for discharging encumbrances thereon, and to lay out the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands to be settled to the same uses, and for other purposes.

31. An act for exchanging the settled estate of the reverend John Tempter, in the county of Kent, for another estate of greater value in the county of Devon, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An act for settling and securing the lands of Quintinespie, Kirklands, and others, and the teinds, parsonage, and vicarage of the lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of mistress Margaret Lawrie of Redcastle, widow of the deceased Andrew Lawrie esquire of Redcastle, and the same series of heirs in fee tail, and under the same conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in two deeds of entail, made in the years one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven and one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie of Redcastle, and for vesting in the aforesaid mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her heirs and assigns in fee simple, the lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the county of Wigton.

33. An act for vesting certain parts of the settled estates of Thomas Estcourt esquire, in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts, in trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out part of the money arising by sale in other estates, to be settled to the same uses, and for applying the residue in discharge of encumbrances.

34. An act to effectuate and establish an exchange between William Colhoun esquire, with the provost and college of Eton, of the advowson and right of patronage of and to the consolidated or united rectories of Creeting All Saints and Creeting Saint Olaves, in the county of Suffolk, for the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of East Wretham, in the county of Norfolk.

35. An act to effectuate and establish an exchange between William Colhoun esquire, and the provost and scholars of the king's college of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of Hepworth, in the county of Suffolk, and certain pieces of land and hereditaments in Hepworth aforesaid, for the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of West Wretham, in the county of Norfolk.

36. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of the most noble Charles duke of Norfolk, in the county of Sussex, in him the said duke, in fee, and for settling other estates of the said duke, in the same county, of equal or greater value, in lieu thereof.

37. An act for vesting the manor of Fisherton Delamere otherwise Fisherton Delamore, and other hereditaments in the county of Wilts, devised by the will of the most noble Charles formerly duke of Bolton, with the appurtenances, in trustees, discharged of the uses and trusts of the said will, for the purpose of more effectually carrying into execution certain decrees or decretal orders of the court of chancery for the sale of the said estates.

38. An act to confirm a lease lately made by Henry Nevill, earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed mines, and other hereditaments, in the county of Monmouth, and to enable granting future leases of the said entailed mines, and other hereditaments, and also of all other estates of which the said earl is seized, as tenant in tail male, under an act of parliament passed in the second and third years of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the limitations in the last will of George lord Abergavenny, in the said act of Philip and Mary mentioned.

39. An act for vesting the settled estates of Richard Hatchett esquire, and Katharine his wife, in the county of Chester, and part of their settled estates in the county of Salop, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

40. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, heath, and waste grounds, within the parish of Bowbrickhill and hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the county of Buckingham.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, and commonable places in the parish of Lutterworth, in the county of Leicester.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and regulating, certain open fields, meadows, pastures, carrs, commons, and waste grounds, within the township and liberty of Clayworth, in the parish of Clayworth, in the county of Nottingham.

43. An act for draining, dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons and waste lands, and also a certain open common meadow within the manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the county of Wilts.

44. An act for dividing and enclosing Tickton carr, or common, in the county of York.

45. An act for dividing and allotting several open and common lands and grounds, within the parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute in the county of Wilts.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Hutton Bushell, in the north riding of the county of York.

47. An act for naturalising Françoise Antoinette De Luc.

48. An act for naturalising August Leberecht Schonberg.

49. An act for the partition of diverse messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Skendleby, and other parishes, in the county of Lincoln, in which sir Peter Burrell baronet, in right of the right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his wife, and the reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided moieties, or half parts.

