Private Acts passed in 1791, 31 George 3 c.1 - c.72.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal otherwise Beaghall and Kellingly, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Doveridge alias Dovebridge, in the County of Derby.

3. An Act for naturalizing Christian Noordingh.

4. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Estates so to be sold are subject.

5. An Act ta enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Brand Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Parslow Esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York.

9. An Act for naturalizing Luke Foreman Esquire.

10. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine.

11. An Act for naturalizing Peter Godeffroy, Johanna Catherine Godeffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton.

12. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krohn.

13. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made between Wiliam Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his Wife, and the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of Warwick, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick, and in the Borough of Warwick, in the said County.

14. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Clutton to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

15. An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Day Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

16. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Hereditaments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of twenty-five Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount Bures, in the County of Essex, and a yearly Rent of thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon, in the County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last-mentioned Hereditaments accordingly.

17. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Walford the younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton otherwise Kington, in the County of Warwick, called Great Kineton Field.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain Common or Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Woolston, in the County of Bucks.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barston otherwise Barkestone and Plungar, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazenove and John Francis Batard.

25. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Koithan.

26. An Act for naturalizing Henry Heyman the younger.

27. An Act for naturalizing jean Baptiste Armand de Choiseul, called Marquis de Choiseul.

28. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of York, and William Markham Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckey Grange, in the Parish of Abberford, in the County of York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crakehall, in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or one of them, in the said County.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned.

30. An Act to impower Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Birdbam, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Birdham Common.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Westwittering, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Westwittering Common; and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, called Cackham Green, in the same Parish.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tarvin, in the County of Chester.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford.

39. An Act to enable Dame Jane Trafford, Widow and Relict of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell Esquire, deceased.

40. An Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Estates of Susanna Ann Treffry Dormer and Jane Treffry Dormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies arising from the Leases to be granted on Fines, in the Purchase of real Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Estates so to be leased.

41. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between Tloomas Hustler Esquire, and Richard William Peirse Esquire, of the Manor and Mansion House of Acklam, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Acklam and Middlesbrough, and in the Townships of Linthorpe and Airsome, in the said North Riding of the said County of York; and for settling and limiting the Intirety of the said Manor and Mansion House, and of the specifick Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Dicconson Esquire, and Meliora his Wife, and Edward Dicconson Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at Wigan, Penwortham, Coppul, Charnock, Richard, Croston, Worthington, Burscough, and Dalton, in Furness, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, upon Trust, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Money so to be raised, in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in the said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of the settled Estates.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes the younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same; and for enabling the said Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate hereby settled.

44. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Power of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Jacob Wolff Baronet, and Dame Anne, his Wife, so far as such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses therein limited.

45. An Act to impower Charles Pierrepont Esquire, and his Issue Male, and also the several Tenants for Life under the Will of the Duke of Kingston, and their respective Issue Male, to grant Building Leases.

46. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles Sheffield Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in strict Settlement, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses.

47. An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Trustees of Wilde's Charity and Robert Sparrow Esquire, and Mary Bence Spinster, of certain Estates in the County of Suffolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds,within the Lordships or Liberties of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the Parish of Spondon, and County of Derby.

52. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippenham, in the County of Cambridge.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Leven, in the Parish of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludford, in the County of Lincoln.

62. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

63. An Act to enable Henry Hopkins Fane Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only, and to bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of Howsham, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley Esquire, deceased.

64. An Act to enable Edward Acton Barrar Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Acton only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Acton Esquire, deceased.

65. An Act to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hare only.

66. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace Esquire.

67. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravee.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil Esquire, with Emma Vernon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Alconbury with Weston, in the County of Huntingdon.

71. An Act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Hollingbourne, in the County of Kent Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Holingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased.

72. An Act to enable Baldwin Hancorn Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.
