Private Acts passed in 1792, 32 George 3 c.1 - c.72.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Davallon.

2. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Avebury, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Dinder Hill, within the Parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in the County of Somerset.

4. An Act to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker.

6. An Act for naturalizing Alphonso Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and James Soret.

8. An Act for naturalizing John William Hentig and Jacob Anderson.

9. An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder.

10. An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton in the Woulds, in the County of Leicester.

12. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Master and Scholars of Balliol College, in the University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for vesting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said Master and Scholars, and their Successors, certain yearly Rents in lieu thereof.

13. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Wiliam Raybould with Joannah Pearsall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking Esquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wilmot Esquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of North Grimston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gloucester.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Gloucester.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedsdale, and Parish of Corsenside, in the County of Northumberland.

24. An Act for vesting a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable the Earl Fitzwilliam and Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire, and the Right Honourable the Lord Hawke and the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached Part of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe.

28. An Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates of Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and younger Children’s Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the first Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjected thereto, and for impowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the Remainder of the said Leaseholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases.

29. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Melgund and Kynnyndmond, and other Lands and Estates comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, upon the thirteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

30. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol to grant a Lease of Part of the Lands of the said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of building thereon.

31. An Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, mortgaged or conveyed in Trust to John Trehawke Esquire, deceased, after the Date of his Will.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

33. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Clifton, in the Parish of Westbury upon Trym, in the County of Gloucester, and Harry Elderton, of the City of Bristol, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lease of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Curacy.

34. An Act to impower Philip Goldsworthy Esquire, Tenant for Life under the Will of Martha Gasbry deceased, to grant Building or Repairing Leases.

35. An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Henry Tonge Esquire, and Ann Eliza his Wife, to sell and dispose of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South-Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement.

36. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Griffith Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish of Kiddington, alias Cuddington, in the County of Chester, and in the Parishes of Llanvilling and Penant, in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, as Mortgagee in Fee Simple, and for vesting the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said Thomas Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of the said Thomas Griffith, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint, in lieu thereof.

37. An Act to enable Edward Curtis, during his Life, and, after his Death, the Guardians of his Children, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton, in the County of Gloucester.

38. An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and Tenements of Edward Daniel Gentleman, and Catherine his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trusts of the said settled Estates.

39. An Act to enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the surviving Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Chalfont Saint Peter's and Iver, in the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his hue Majesty King George the Second, to sell and convey the same Lands and Hereditaments, for a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased; and also to enable the said Trustees to invert the said Purchase Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that may be purchased under the same Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising therefrom either in the Publick Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

40. An Act for vesting those Parts of the Lands and Estate of Blythwood, and others, which lie in the County of Lanerk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the said Estate of Blythwood, which lies in the County of Renfrew, and for settling and securing the Lands and Estates, so to be purchased, to, and in favour of, the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of Blythwood, deceased.

41. An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the settled Estates of James Templer Esquire, in the County of Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks (being the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Catherine Edwin Spinster, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to John Martindale Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be more conveniently situate as therein mentioned, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand settled by the said Will.

43. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

44. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Daniel Leo Esquire, and Letitia his Wife, and Mary Puleston Widow, of several Estates in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the Estates of John Davies of Llanerth Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Welton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Uffington, in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanley, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Syerston, in the County of Nottingham.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tealby, otherwise Tevilby, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rates in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manors of East Horrington and Chilcot, in the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Stathern, in the County of Leicester.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold, in the County of Flint.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Cheslyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredon, and Great Wyrley, in the County of Stafford.

56. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of Yorks to the Township of West Ayton, in the Parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Monk Fryston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Tockwith, in the Parish of Bilton, in the County of the City of York.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester; and also for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields only, in the Parish of Monk Sherborne, in the County of Southampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hemswell, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lambley, in the County of Nottingham.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, within the Parish of Gedling, comprising the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act to enable Nutcombe Quick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their Issue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett deceased, and for ratifying Conveyances made by the said Nutcombe Quick, and his only Son, by the Surname of Nutcombe.

69. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura.

70. An Act for naturalizing Anne Maria Mainwaring and James Mainwaring.

71. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sollers, and Shipton Olliffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the famo County.

