Private Acts passed in 1793, 33 George 3 c.1 - c.104.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An Act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempde Esquire, (lately called Richard Bempde Johnstone) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Vanden Bempde only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Peterson Hansen and Otto Hinrick Hansen.

3. An Act for naturalizing John William Fisher.

4. An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited.

5. An Act for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Risely, in the County of Bedford.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Township of Newholm cum Dunsley, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumly, in the Parish of Sherburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding, in Severalty, for ever, certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen, and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Milton, in the Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham.

16. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act to enable John Butcher Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of Rodbard, pursuant to the Will of Henry Rodbard Esquire.

18. An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Joli Dumergue.

19. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin.

20. An Act for naturalizing Francois Morey, Philip Colomb, Louys Gruaz, and John Amick.

21. An Act for naturalizing Henry Engell.

22. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Duke of Marlborough and Lincoln College, Oxford.

23. An Act for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the Property of George Perrott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this Act are now settled.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and WiU bright on, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and Fewcott, in the Parish of Stoke Lyne, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dunstew, in the County of Oxford.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Marham, in the County of Norfolk.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the County of Buckingham.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street Gentleman, with Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Wiss, and John Isaac Charretie.

36. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp.

37. An Act for naturalizing Peter Benezech.

38. An Act for naturalizing William Herschel.

39. An Act for naturalizing Carsten Anderson.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Lightwood, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln.

43. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Durnford, in the County of Wills.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, five Open Common Fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the Wyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Houghton Field, Houghton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable, Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of Burcester-King's-End, otherwise Bicester-King's-End, in the Parish of Burcester, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Linsey, in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Glanville Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

49. An Act to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Trunch, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich.

50. An Act to impower William Churchill Dickenson Esquire, to grant Building Leases, Renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John Dickenson Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

51. An Act to enable John Gurtside Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for building upon reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster.

52. An Act to enable Mary Greene Widow, and James Greene Esquire her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droysden, Failsworth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster.

53. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in John Trayton Fuller Esquire.

55. An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings Esquire, in Fee Simple.

56. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or clear Annual Payment or Sum of twenty Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right Honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knowle, or one of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly.

57. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlhatt.

58. An Act to enable John Trafford Esquire, and other Persons after his Death, to grant Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chejhr. for building, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates.

59. An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shotteswell, in the County of Warwick.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Thorngrafton Common, and also certain Common fields or Dales and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester, (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham,) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, or Lordship of Weaverham, in the County of Chester.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the County of Oxford.

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin Esquire, with Elizabeth Vesey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz.

77. An Act for naturalizing David Berguer.

78. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

79. An Act for impowering the Committees, or Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the Most Noble Anna Eliza Duchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between William Thomas Darby Esquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson Esquire, deceased,) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specifick Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

81. An Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman Baronet, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leases of his settled Estates at or near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years.

82. An Act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee, and also to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of Leicester.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priejl-cliff, in the Parish of Blakrwell, and County of Derby.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown Esquire, with Susannah Sulley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Calverley John Bewicke Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

88. An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Vyse, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk with Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire,

89. An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Llanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester.

94. An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle.

95. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison Esquire.

96. An Act to enable Sarah Heaton Widow, Mother and Guardian of John Heaton a Minor, to grant Building Leases, during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Specton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Southburn, in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirsk West Moor, and Calton and Sandbutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of Leicester.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called Thornborough Moor, within the Parish of West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships.

104. An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augustus Treijer.

