Private Acts passed in 1794, 34 George 3 c.1 - c.114.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Martin Walther Persent.

2. An Act for naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker.

3. An Act for inclosing and otherwise improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Lordship and Township of Warter in the East Riding of the County of York.

4. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Hullman and William Rudolf.

5. An Act for naturalizing Elias Heintz.

6. An Act for naturalizing George Benjoin.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Shelton in the County of Bedford.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Dunham in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands lying and being within the Parishes of Chapple Allerton, Biddisham, and Wear in the County of Somerset.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands in the Manor and Parish of Shilton in the County of Berks.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Clayton-le-Moors, within the parish of Whally, in the Hundred of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands lying and being in the Parishes of Pilton and North Wotton in the County of Somerset.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands within the Manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz in the County of Dorset; and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Manors.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Compton in the County of Gloucester.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other Open, Common, or Waste Lands in the Manor of East Mark, within the Parish of Mark in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for naturalizing John Bergne.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien.

18. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick.

19. An Act for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobell, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobell.

20. An Act for naturalizing James Maze.

21. An Act for vesting the Estate at Little Woodhouse in the County of York, devised by the Will of Jeremiah Harrison Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to Vest the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in Winwick in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

23. An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

24. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Canons of Windsor and Therms Stoner Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting the Settled Estate of Thomas Walsingham Western Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in the County of Essex in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

26. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of James Peachey Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for Lying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

27. An Act for amending an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Katherine Leveson.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Longborough in the County of Gloucester.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Foil Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham in the County of Suffolk.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham in the County of Rutland.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts.

33. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands lying and being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent in the County of Somerset.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Quarley in the County of Southampton.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arabic Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull in the County of Somerset.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Town Fields within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton in the County Palatine of Durham.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth in the County of Leicester.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Hern in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land within the Parish and Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Durham.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of East Camell, otherwise Queen Camell, in the County of Somerset.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Wendover in the County of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripen in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Evelyn.

46. An Act to enable Mary Webster Widow, and others, to grant building and repairing Leases of the Estates devised to them by Edward Webster Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton in the North Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks in and over the same.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thornham in the County of Norfolk.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes within the Township of Tilthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop< Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden in the County of Wilts.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures or Commons within the Township of Walkington in the East Riding of the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Broughton in the County of Huntingdon.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Brereton Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and her first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only one, and the issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Westfailing, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfailing Esquire, deceased.

56. An Act to confirm and establish an Award made between the Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in Paston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough in the County of Northampton, (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the of Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See,) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and of from the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said William Ash deceased.

57. An Act to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into between Christopher, late Lord Bishop of Bristol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds in the County of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal.

58. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of William Willson Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton Esquire, on Payment of the Sum of three thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of Bernard Brocas Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

60. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity.

61. An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, a Part of the Settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell or exchange other Parts of the said Settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged.

62. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and Scholars of the King’s Hall and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden of Buscot Park in the County of Berks, Esquire.

63. An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premises, situate in the Parish of Saint Ann Westminster, devised by the Will of Lumley Arnold Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premises.

64. An Act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate in the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

65. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

66. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved yearly Rents.

67. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir John Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the Settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Walby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open or Common Fields and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manor and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks.

72. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk in the North Riding of the County of York.

74. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Tolpudle in the County of Dorset.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt in the County of Buckingham.

77. An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands in the Parish of Skillington in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Arnesby in the County of Leister.

79. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Belton in the County of Rutland.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within Tower Pillarton, otherwise Nether Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places within the Manor and Parish of Crawley in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Bishops Sutton in the said County.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground within the Parish of Wolvey in the County of Warwick.

83. An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold in the County of Flint.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Shouldham and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field called Portfield, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel in the County of Buckingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields in the Parish of Wellington in the County of Hereford; and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish.

88. An Act for dividing allotting, draining, and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas in the County of Chester.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of New Sleaford in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington in the said County.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Southnewington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands And Waste Grounds in the Township of Bottesford and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford in the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Althorpe in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth; and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of North Cerney in the County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Droves and Waste Lands in the Parish of Fleet in County of Lincoln; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill,) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields in the Parish of Upton Gray in the County of Southampton.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodbinds, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township, Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the parish of Market Bosworth in the County of Leicester.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield in the County of Nottingham.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Faldingworth in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rufforth in the County of the City or York.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands used or enjoyed therewith.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of South Witham in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ilkeston in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish or Thornton in the County of Leicester.

104. An Act for naturalizing John Thuiller.

105. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling of Glorat, baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony.

106. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between James Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry and Sir Richard Hill Baronet.

107. An Act for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and of Estate of Dame Harriot the Wife of Sir John Saunders Sebright Baronet, late Harriot Croftes Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright.

108. An Act to enable Joseph Robinson Pease Esquire, and Anne his Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool in the County of York.

109. An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under one Lease.

110. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

111. An Act to enable Thomas Lane Esquire to grant Building, Repairing, and Improving Leases of Estates, devised to him by Henry Bosville Esquire deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Coarse in the County of Gloucester.

114. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker.

