Private Acts passed in 1795, 35 George 3 c.1 - c.112.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. AN Act for naturalizing Peter Dubbeldemuts Van Dyck.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bishampton, in the County of Worcester.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petherton, in the County of Somerset.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stanford Baron, in the County of Northampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Prees, Darkstone, Fauls, Mickley, Willaston, Morton Say, Longford, and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the County of Salop.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Casterton, in the County of Rutland.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Cankrien.

10. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert Winzer and Simon Maurice Bethmann.

11. An Act for naturalizing John Van Yzendoorn, an Infant, of the Age of twelve Years.

12. An Act for naturalizing Peter Schmidtmeyer.

13. An Act for naturalizing Matthew Wiss.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Cold-Aston, otherwise Aston-Blank, in the County or Gloucester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County of Flint.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterborne Earls, and Allington, in the County of Wilts.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Brecks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the County of Norfolk.

18. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the City of Hereford, given by William Brydges Esquire, for certain Charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale to the like Purposes.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the County of Oxford.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerset.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford.

22. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Lexham and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great Catworth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of Wornditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon.

26. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Palmer Esquire, in Sonning, in the County of Berks, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father Robert Palmer Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning aforesaid, and Hurst, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

27. An Act for effect dating an Exchange between the Rector of the Parish of Saint Leonard, in the County of Devon, and John Baring Esquire, and also between the Vicar of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and the said John Baring.

28. An Act for vesting the Mansion House called Soddylt Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of Roger Jennings the younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, in Fee Simple in Possession, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale.

29. An Act for discharging the Barton of Penwerris, and Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the several Uses, Estates, and Trusts to which the same now stand limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

30. An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now holden under three Leases in Several smaller Parcels by separate Leases.

31. An Act to enable William Bamford Esquire, and other Persons, after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents.

32. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir Thomas Kyffin Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts, and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or one of them, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of Stafford, or one of them.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley otherwise Tirley, in the County of Gloucester.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cheddar, in the County of Somerset.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Wroughton, in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of Elstub and Everley.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Caunton, Beesthorpe, Earlshaw, and Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tithes.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford.

44. An Act to enable Sir Henry Vane Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Tempest, pursuant to the Will of John Tempest Esquire, deceased.

45. An Act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse de Hompesch and James Charles Philip Bouwens.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birstal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Land in the Parish of Wintringham, in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Western Greens, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Humber; and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The Composition Closes and Hall Closes, and for other Purposes.

49. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald Munro.

50. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gally Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of York, to be settled in lieu of the said Estate in the County of Huntingdon.

51. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Rushbrooke Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the Most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

52. An Act for vesting the settled Estates, late of John Dolphin Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Portions of the younger Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpsall, and Tetlow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents.

54. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Smith, formerly of London, Merchant, for charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John Pardoe Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Charity established by the said Will.

55. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Henry Thomas Gott Knight, situate in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

56. An Act for dividing and leasing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton, in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Townships of Marcle, Wolton, and Kinaston, in the Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of Hereford.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigsock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also for setting out and allotting Lands in lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chase, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

59. An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper.

60. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

61. An Act for investing certain Estates of William Tovey the Elder, and William Tovey the younger, situate in the County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Maddock, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such Estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the said John Finch having become Bankrupt and absconded from this Kingdom before Sale thereof.

62. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners to Brazen Nose College, in Oxford, founded by the said Testator, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to enable the Trustees to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trust Estates; and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates of John Maddison Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Wootton and Boreshill, in the Parish of Cumner, in the County of Berks.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Osbournby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Plot of Half Years Meadow Land, called Mickling Meadow, in the Parishes of Newton and Scot Willoughby, or one of them, in the said County.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Scartho, in the County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Brecks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of Lincoln.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of Swarby, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the County of Bedford.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Pagets Bromley, in the County of Stafford.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the said Parish.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bisbrooke, in the County of Rutland; and for dividing a certain Common, called Liddington Common, adjoining or lying near to the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belongs; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of North Leverton and Hablcesthorpe otherwise Apesthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Leverton, in the County of Nottingham.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Crawley otherwise Husborne Crawley, in the County of Bedford.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockham, in the County of Norfolk.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of Gainford, and County of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little Moor, Glenton Green, and The Baiting Steads.

82. An Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin Esquire, and the Master of the Hospital of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Well, in the County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain Trusts, Rights, or Interests, in favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well in lieu of other Lands and Tithes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and Masham, in the said County.

83. An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon.

84. An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and the remaining Part of the said settled Estates, and for vesting the Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates now stand limited.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hasfield, in the County of Gloucester.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

88. An Act to enable Patrick Murray Threipland, and the Heirs of Entail in the Lands and Estate of Barnhill, to exchange the said Lands and Estate of Barnhill, lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Fingask, lying within the said County of Perth, belonging to Stuart Threipland, of Fingask, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Threipland in Fee.

89. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the Parish of Bentworth, in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given by the Will of Richard Aldworth Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale for the like Purposes.

90. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the Right Honourable Thomas Conolly, Henry Vernon Esquire, Leveson Vernon Esquire, and Richard William Howard Vyse an Infant, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable William Earl of Strafford, deceased,) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Township, and Parish of Swillington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste. Grounds, within the Parish of Woodborough, in the County of Nottingham.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chattisley otherwise Chaceley, in the County of Worcester.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropsley, and in the Liberties or Townships of Great Humby and Little Humby in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Hertford.

96. An Act for naturalising John Lewis Moilliet.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Greystoke, in the County of Cumberland.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne inclosures, within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County of Derby.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and Elston, in the County of Nottingham, and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Harlaxton, in the County of Lincoln.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Owmby, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margaret, in the County of Wilts.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground called Edgworth Moor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ravensthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

111. An Act for naturalizing Peter Boileau.

112. An Act for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District, called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;' and, by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said two Acts more effectual.

