Private Acts passed in 1796, 37 George 3 c.1 - c.151.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Gaetano Testolini.

2. An Act for naturalizing George Astor.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn.

4. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Opie Esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Aller, in the County of Somerset.

6. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Normanton, in the County of Derby.

7. An Act for naturalizing Charles Gruneisen.

8. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli.

9. An Act for naturalizing Abram Henry Borel, Henry Borel, Louis Borel, and Stephen Azemar.

10. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock.

11. An Act for naturalizing George Choumert.

12. An Act for naturalizing Wynand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink.

13. An Act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open or Commonable Lands and Fields, within the Parish of Highham, in the County of Somerset; and also a certain Open or Commonable Field, called Ham Down, lying partly within the said Parish of High-ham and partly within the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the same County.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Commonable Pastures, within the Parish of Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the Parish of Street, in the County of Somerset; and also for dividing and allotting a certain Parcel or Tract of Waste Land, called Turf Moor, in the Parish of Street aforesaid.

17. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey a Messuage, Cottages, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fulstow Marsh, Chappel, and Tetney, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

20. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral, and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Exton, in the County of Somerset, and also within the several Manors of Cutcombe Mohun and Cutcombe Rawleigh, in the Parish of Cutcombe, in the same County.

22. An Act to relieve William Marquis of Lansdown from certain liabilities in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bedford.

24. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Bagelmann, John Siffken, and George Lewis Christian Tatter.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and all other unenclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said Parish of Swayfields and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campton cum Shefford, in the County of Bedford.

27. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open Fields, and Meadow and Pasture Ground, and several Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York.

28. An Act for naturalizing Henry Wienholt.

29. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Puriton, in the County of Somerset.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands and fields, within the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable La nds, within the Parish of Othery, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act to enable Denny Martin, Doctor in Divinity, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Fairfax, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax, deceased.

34. An Act for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquist.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertford.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barningham, in the County of Suffolk.

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Acle, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hitcham, in the County of Bucks, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there for other Lands, in the same Parish, belonging to the Right Honourable William Wyndham Lord Grenville.

39. An Act to enable the Trustees, to be therein named, to make Exchange of certain Estates comprized in the Act of the third of Charles the First, for entailing the Castle and Manor of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and certain other Estates in the said Act mentioned.

40. An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes, also entailed by the said Act.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sawley and Winksley, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wing, in the County of Buckingham.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Halton, in the Parish of Halton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

44. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Tradlsor Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, within and Parcel of the Honor and Manor of Hornby, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

45. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Etwall, in the County of Derby.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Commons and Waste Lands within, or adjoining to, the Township or Parish of Chewton Mendip, in the County of Somerset.

47. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Over Kellet Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Over Kellet, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Township of Dalton, in the several Parishes of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Thornborough, in the County of Buckingham.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Allcannings and Allington, in the County of Wilts.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saham Tone, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wingrave with Rowsham, in the County of Buckingham

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

54. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Uggeshall, Frostenden, and South Cove, in the County of Suffolk.

55. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Softerly, Henstead with Hulverstreet, and Wrentham, in the County of Suffolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, Lord Cadogan, with Mary Churchill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for effectuating a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Charlotte Laura, the Wife of John Wodehouse Esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Charlotte Laura Wodehouse.

60. An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Samuel Browne Merchant, to settle the Residue of his Personal Estate, and the Produce of his Real Estate, pursuant to the Agreements made previous to the Marriages of his Daughters, Pleasance the Wife of Edward Roger Pratt the Elder, Esquire, and Hester the Wife of Jacob Henry Astley Esquire.

61. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Settled Estates of George Hassell Esquire, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

62. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Francis Chaplin Esquire, and Thophilus Buckworth Esquire, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons, Moors, Wastes, and Waste Grounds, called Lea Moor, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and also a certain Common Meadow, and all other Commonable Places and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sapperton, in the Parish of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby.

64. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Chalgrave, in the County of Bedford.

65. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain Estates at Mappowder and Plush, in the County of Dorset, and Inkpen and Kintbury, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of John late Earl Spencer, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, on the said Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, settling in lieu thereof, to the Lies and upon the Trusts of the said Will, his Estate at Chapel Brampton, in the County or Northampton.

66. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right Honourable Earl of Ashburnham and the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, of the Advowson of the Rectory of Ninfield for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Ashburnham, both in the County of Sussex.

67. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common or Waste Land, in Mollington, in the Counties of Oxford and Warwick, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the said County of Oxford.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, except the Commonable Lands lying within the Borough of Whitchurch, and except the Common Arable Field called The Burgage Field.

69. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury, in the County of Northampton, (except such Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Liberties as lie within the present Ringmound of the Forest of Whittlewood or Whittlebury); and for extinguishing a Right of Common in and over two certain Pieces of Ground within the said Parish, called Porter's Wood and Long Hedge.

70. An Act for enabling the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, at Walsall in the County of Stafford, to sell certain Mines under Part of their Lands, and to sell or exchange certain Parts of their Lands lying dispersed, for improving and extending the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, and for enabling them to build a Chapel, and for other Purposes.

71. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and customary Tenants within the Honor, Manor, and Lord ship of Hornly, and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have omitted, now to come in and purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements, and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the customary Right of the other Tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold Fee Farm and customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services of Right, due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and for extending the like Powers and Benefits to such of the said Tenants, not being Parties to the said Articles, who shall, within a limited Time, conform to the Trusts. thereof, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Bill mentioned.

72. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will of James Davis Esquire, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

73. An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of Elliot Salter Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Coln Saint Dennis, in the County of Gloucester.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Diddington, otherwise Dodington, in the County of Huntingdon.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset.

77. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of John Perrott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and exchange; and for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds, arising from such Sale or Exchange, in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said devised Estates; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and to enable the said Trustees, and the several other Persons therein named, to grant Building and other Leases of the said devised Estates.

78. An Act for enabling Thomas Stinton, Doctor in Divinity, and his Successors, to grant, in Manner therein mentioned, a Lease of a certain Part of the Prebendal Lands, situate in the several Parishes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles William Taylor Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

80. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir William Lowther Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the said Sir William Lowther in Fee, upon his the said Sir William Lowther’s conveying other Estates to the Uses of the settled Estates.

81. An Act for vesting the Manor of East Mark, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, Part of the settled Estates of Henrietta Maria, the Wife of Michael Hicks Beach Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

82. An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided Moiety was devised by the Will of Anna Maria Sacheverell Widow, and the other undivided Moiety by the Will of Jane Gough Window, deceased, and for settling and alluring the specific Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which upon such Partition have been allotted to be held in Severalty, for or in lieu of each of the said undivided Moieties, to such Uses as by the said Wills are limited, of and concerning the said undivided Moieties respectively.

83. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Allhallows Steyning, in the City of London, in the Corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual yearly Rent Charges payable to the Rector, Clerk, Sexton, and Churchwardens, of the same Parish.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons, Commonable Woods, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Chaddesley Corbett, in the County of Worcester.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Pastures, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet or Tything of Easterton, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common or Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Bunny, in the County of Nottingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wyke Regis, in the County of Dorset.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Wilbraham, in the County of Cambridge.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Wilbraham, in the County of Cambridge.

90. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Corse in the County of Gloucester.

91. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Toddington, and Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Toddington, in the County of Bedford.

92. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the County of Suffolk.

93. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Elstow, in the County of Bedford.

94. An Act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Ditton, in the Parish of Prescot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of Shipham and Winscombe in the County of Somerset.

96. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Henry Cooke Surgeon, with Elizabeth Smithy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James McGauley with Elizabeth Rowlands, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

98. An Act for naturalizing Lewis John Marie Houssoullier.

99. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and Codicil of Sir Francis Henry Drake Baronet, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

100. An Act for vesting several Estates in the County of Chester, of the Right Honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, as Devisee for Life under the Will of the Honourable General James Cholmondeley, deceased, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the same County, in lieu thereof.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the late Sir James Dashwood in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising thereby in discharging certain Incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the Residue, if any, of the Money arising from such Sale or Sales in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said Sir James Dashwood.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Ings, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and other Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Southoe, in the County of Huntingdon.

103. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Open, Common, and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Holwell and Woodbridge, and in the Parish of Holwell, in the County of Somerset.

104. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerton, and Compton Dundon, and certain Open or Commonable Lands, called Southmead and Kingsmoor, situate within the several Parishes of Somerton, Long Sutton, Kingsdon, Northover, and Ilchester, and the Hamlets or Tithings of Widcombe, Ash, and Milton, in the Parish of Martock, some or one of them; and also, so much of a certain Allotment or Tract of unenclosed Land, within the said Parish of Long Sutton, as appertained to sundry Tenements within the Manor of Knoll, in the Parish of Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the County of Somerset.

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and West Hatch, in the County of Somerset.

106. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Pieces of Common or Waste Land, within the Township of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the County of York.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Lindridge, in the County of Worcester.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Waste Grounds, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Ashelworth, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Moreton Corbet, Shawbury, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and Hodnet, in the County of Salop.

110. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford.

111. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Knipton, in the County of Leicester.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Hinton Martel and Gussage All Saints, in the County of Dorset.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds and Places, in the Parish of Harrold, in the County of Bedford.

114. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke Mandeville, in the County of Buckingham.

115. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Waste Lands, within the Manor of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery.

116. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and John Hunter, of Gubbins, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, of a Farm and certain Lands, in the Parishes of North and South Mims, in the said Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, for a Farm and certain Lands in the Parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid.

117. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell the Superiorities of the Lands holden Blench or in Feu of the Estate of Lovat, together with the Feu and other Duties payable by the Vassals of Proprietors of such Lands to the Heir of Entail of the said Estate, and also such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lovat, and others, in the County of Inverness, belonging to the Honourable Lieutenant General Simon Fraser of Lovat, now deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by him, and affecting the said Lands and Estate, and for vesting the Remainder in the Heirs of Entail named by the said Lieutenant General Simon Fraser, subject to the Limitations and Provisions of his Deeds of Entail.

118. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Buckley Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in order to pay off an Incumbrance affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

119. An Act for the better enabling the Trustees to sell and dispose of the remaining Estates of the late Robert Pigot Esquire, situate in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Fields, Precincts, and Territories, of Peplow, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the County of Salop.

120. An Act for discharging certain Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Richard Langley Esquire, from the Uses thereby limited, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof.

121. An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Abbey Church, otherwise Holy Cross, with Saint Giles annexed, in the County of Salop, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowsons of the Churches of Risby and Fornham Saint Genovesse, otherwise Saint Genoveve, in the County of Suffolk, belonging to the Right Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Wark Common, lying wholly or partly within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Carham, in the County of Northumberland.

123. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Common Fields, Half Year’s Meadow Land, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Blankney and Scopwick, in the County of Lincoln.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Settrington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

125. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Ground, within the Parish of Oxhill, in the County of Warwick.

126. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Moorlince, in the County of Somerset.

127. An Act for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel.

128. An Act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soilleux.

129. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Heisch and John Jacob Maue.

130. An Act for vesting the Manors and other Hereditaments situate in the County of Cambridge, devised by the Will of Bridget Southcote Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote.

131. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

132. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Godfrey Vassall (lately called Sir Godfrey Webster) Baronet, with Elizabeth Vassall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

133. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the late Earl of Bradford's Estates in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of General Harry Pulteney, for the Purpose of effecting an Exchange thereof with the Right Honourable Thomas Noel Lord Berwick, and for settling the Estates, to be taken in Exchange, to the like Uses and Manner as the said Earl of Bradford's Estates, in the said County of Salop, are now settled.

134. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold, or Chattelhold Estates, respectively, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Pinney Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and situate in the County of Somerset, in the said John Pinney, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, discharged from the Uses and Trusts by such Settlement limited and declared of the same, and for settling divers other Freehold and Leasehold or Chattelhold Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, of greater Value, situate in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof.

135. An Act for appointing Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Trusts and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Hoghton Baronet, in the Room of Samuel Fenton Merchant, and Thomas Fenton Esquire, the Trustees therein named, who departed this Life, in the Life-time of the said Sir Henry Hoghton, and for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Part of the Lands thereby devised for Lands of which Sir Henry Philip Hoghton, or Daniel Hoghton, or either of them, are or is seised in Fee Simple, and for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the said Will, to make Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building.

136. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horton, in the County of Gloucester.

137. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Hertford.

138. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hillam, in the Parish of Monk Frystone, in the Wrest Riding of the County of York.

139. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and within the Manor and Parish of Adstock, in the County of Buckingham.

140. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dra\ton Parjlow, in the County of Buckingham.

141. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Raunds, in the County of Northampton.

142. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of King's Walden, in the County of Hertford.

143. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, or stinting, certain Open Common Fields, Ing Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bolton Percy, in the County of the City of York.

144. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the pen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, Heaths, Wastes, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

145. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln.

146. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Open and Intermixed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York, and making Compensation for the Great Tythes of the said Lands, and other Lands in the Townships of Pontefract, Tanshelf, and Carleton, within the Parish of Pontefract, and also for the Vicarial Tythes of the said Parish.

147. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the County of Wilts.

148. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Eynesbury, in the County of Huntingdon.

149. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sidenham Teask Merchant, with Eleanor Buckle, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

150. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois De Chemant.

151. An Act for vesting in a new Trustee the Sum of forty thousand Pounds, given by a Codicil annexed to the Will of John Tempest Esquire, to Farrer Wren and Robert Shafto, Esquires, upon certain Trusts in the said Codicil mentioned.
