Private Acts passed in 1796, 36 George 3 c.1 - c.119.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 40.
---

1. AN act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common downs, common meadows, Waste lands, and other commonable places, within the several tythings or hamlets of Michelmersh, Braishfield, and Awbridge, in the manor and parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the manor and parish of Timsbury, in the county of Southampton.

2. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Wakeman esquire, with Theodosia Freeman his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bone and John Henry Charles Albrecht.

4. An act for naturalizing John Henry Freese.

5. An act for naturalizing Petrus Wilhelmus Aloysius Pottgeisser.

6. An act for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw.

7. An act to exonerate the estate of sir Charles Rich baronet, and dame Mary Frances his wife, situate in the county of Surrey, from certain annuities, or annual sums, payable during the life and for the benefit of sir George Rich baronet, upon the terms therein mentioned.

8. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, and all other commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Alvescot, in the county of Oxford.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste, and other commonable lands, within the tything of Awre, in the parish of Awre, in the county of Gloucester.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain commons and waste lands, and open fields, within the several parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, Cranworth, and Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the county of Norfolk.

11. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and other commonable grounds and places, of and within the parish, lordship, and liberties of Dunton Basset, in the county of Leicester.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Great Woolstone, in the county of Buckingham.

13. An act to obviate a doubt touching the validity of certain parts of an award, made in pursuance of an act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain open tract of land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the west riding of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, whole year lands, half year lands, commons, fen grounds, and waste lands, within the parish of Northwold, in the county of Norfolk.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common downs, waste lands, and other commonable places, in the parish of Nether Wallop, in the county of Southampton.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, waste lands, moors, and other commonable places, within the several parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the county of Southampton.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the commonable lands and waste grounds within the manors of Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the county of Montgomery.

18. An act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbren.

19. An act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, spinster.

20. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack.

21. An act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Corthym.

22. An act for naturalizing John Justus Runkel.

23. An act for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer.

24. An act to enable the right honourable Richard Grenville Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and the right honourable Anna Eliza Brydges, spinster, commonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make settlements on the marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective minorities.

25. An act for enabling the trustees for sale of certain estates of sir John Honywood baronet, which stood settled on him as tenant for life, unimpeachable for waste, to sell the same estates with the timber and underwood standing, and for allowing him to receive the amount of such timber and underwood at a fair valuation, and for debarring him from falling timber, or committing waste, on the lands hereafter to be purchased.

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain open and common fields, common meadow's, common pastures, common downs, and other commonable and waste lands, lying and being in that part of the manor of Elcombe which is situate within the parish of Wroughton, and within the tything of Uffcot, in the parish of Broad Hinton, in the county of Wilts.

27. An act for dividing a certain heath, called Somersham Heath, in the county of Huntingdon and for dividing and inclosing such parts of the said heath as shall be allotted to the parishes of Woodhurst, Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and also the open fields and commonable lands within the said parishes.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, undivided inclosures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of Kimberworth, in the parish of Rotheram, in the west riding of the county of York.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain parcel or tract of commonable ground, formerly part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the parish of Butleigh, in the county of Somerset.

30. An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Woollavington, in the county of Somerset.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and common or waste land, within the parish of Tysoe, in the county of Warwick.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Cheswardine, in the county of Salop.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the parish of Worksop, in the county of Nottingham.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Beighton, in the county of Derby.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the federal open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the county of Bedford.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Grandborough, in the county of Buckingham.

37. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds within the manor and borough of Macclesfield, in the county of Chester.

38. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open and common fields, commbn meadows, common pastures, lammas grounds, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Little Brickhill, in the county of Bucks.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the manors and parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, within, and parcel of, the barony of Gilsland, in the county of Cumberland.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds in the several townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerburn, and Kingthorp, within the parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the north riding of the county of York, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed lands in the same townships.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several commons and waste lands, within the manor and hamlet of Balsall, in the parish of Hampton in Arden, in the county of Warwick.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Snenton in the county of Nottingham.

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year or every year lands, half year, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Little Barton, other wise Barton Mills, in the county of Suffolk.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Norton, in the county of Hertford.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Pertenhall, in the county of Bedford.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, leys, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordship of Hibalstowe, in the county of Lincoln.

47. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Townsend Mullins esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act for naturalizing David Mitchel.

49. An act for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrels.

50. An act for carrying into execution an agreement entered into by William Egerton esquire, for the sale of the sum of twenty thousand pounds, and interest, advanced upon an alignment of the Chester canal navigation, with its appurtenances, together with the said security for the same, and to enable the trustees appointed by the will of Samuel Egerton esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said sums and security, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof upon the trusts of the said will.

51. An act for effectuating an exchange of certain lands in the several parishes of Ickham, in the county of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the city of Canterbury, between the guardians of the poor of the city of Canterbury and Thomas Barret, of Lee in the county of Client, esquire.

52. An act for effectuating a partition of certain estates in the county of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden esquire, and Catherine his wife, and Charles Leslie the younger, esquire, and Ann his wife, in their own rights, and to Samuel Pipe Walferstan esquire, and John Moore clerk, as trustees under the wills of Alicia Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel spinsters, both deceased, and for other purposes.

53. An act to enable and empower trustees to sell certain copyhold estates belonging to Catherine Dallman Elliott, an infant, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the use of the said infant.

54. An act for vesting the real estates, devised by the will of John Wilkinson, late of Whitby in the county of York, esquire, deceased, in trustees, in trust, to be sold, and for applying the money arising therefrom, or a sufficient part thereof, in discharge of his debts affecting the same estates, in aid of his personal estate, and for placing out at interest the residue thereof, under the direction of the court of chancery, upon the trusts declared by the said will of such real estate.

55. An act for vesting certain manors, messuages, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate within Weardley, Eccup, and Harewood, in the west riding of the county of York, (part of the settled estates of sir John Sheffield baronet), in Edward Lascelles the elder, esquire, for his life, with certain remainders over, discharged of and from the several uses, entail, and trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the manor or reputed manor of Eccup, and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, Cookeridge, East Breary, and West Breary, in the said county of York, and also divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the elder and Edward Lascelles the younger, of much greater value in lieu thereof, and by way of exchange to the like uses, entail and trusts.

56. An act for effectuating a partition of the estates of Thomas Leacroft esquire, and John Leacroft gentleman, in the lordship or liberty of Litchurch, in the county of Derby.

57. An act to enable Evelyn Philip Medows esquire, and others after his death, to grant building leases of certain estates in the parish of Whitechapel, in the county of Middlesex.

58. An act for vesting the estates in the county of Cambridge, devised by John Swale esquire, in trustees, to be sold at the same time with certain estates of John Swale esquire, the son, and for applying part of the monies to arise from the sale of the first mentioned estates in discharging legacies, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of estates to be settled to the same uses.

59. An act for vesting the rectory of Lyth in trustees, for the purpose of completing the sale thereof.

60. An act for setting out lands in lieu of, and compensation for, the rights of common in or upon the woodlands, and other lands and grounds, in the bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and for extinguishing such common rights.

61. An act for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barrington, in the county of Cambridge.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Ridgemont, in the county of Bedford.

63. An act for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, common meadows, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Houghton Regis, in the county of Bedford.

64. An act for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the commons, waste grounds, and mosses, in the parish of Cartmel, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Maulden, in the county of Bedford.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Sherington, in the county of Buckingham.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and commonable places of Walcott, in the parish of Misterton, in the county of Leicester.

68. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the open fields, common and waste grounds, within the several townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby in the county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that part of Willerby, which lies in the county of York.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the county of Suffolk.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Mirfield, in the county of York.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Marston Moretaine, in the county of Bedford.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and meadows, commonable and intermixed lands and waste grounds, within the several parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael and within the south hamlet and vill of Wotton, all in the county of Gloucester.

73. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common arable fields, and extinguishing the right of pasturage upon a piece of land called Hayne's Close, within the parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the county of Dorset.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, halfyear's land, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Scredington, in the county of Lincoln.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, wastes, and common ground, in the parish, liberties, and precincts of Whitfield, in the county of Northampton.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open common fields, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the township of Hambleton, in the parish of Brayton, in the west riding of the county of York.

77. An act to dissolve the marriage of Lancelot Shadwell esquire, barrister at law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

78. An act for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest baron de Feilitzsch.

79. An act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven.

80. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the settled estates of Walter Fawkes esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase or manors, or other hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with the mansion house at Farnley Hall, and the bulk of the settled estates, to the like uses as such detached parts stand limited.

81. An act to enable the vicar of the parish of Blackburn, in the county of Lancaster, to grant a lease or leases, with powers of renewal, of part of the glebe lands belonging to the said vicarage.

82. An act to enable trustees to convey part of the settled estates of John Newnham esquire, deceased, in the county of Sussex, unto sir John Shelley baronet, his heirs and assigns, in exchange for certain messuages and lands in the same county.

83. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William Parker Hamond esquire, in the county of Middlesex, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging incumbrances, and for laying out the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the said trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant leases of part of the said estates for the purpose of building.

84. An act for making a partition and division of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the will of William Powell esquire, deceased, and now held in undivided moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire messuages, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon such partition, are respectively allotted to be held in severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided moieties, to the several uses, and subject to the several charges and incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided moieties respectively.

85. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the real estate late of sir Edward Vaughan Mansell baronet, deceased, situate in the county of Carmarthen, in trustees, in trust, to be sold, and to apply the money, to arise from such sale, in the reduction of the several mortgages, or other incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such real estate, and also for enabling such trustees to demise the mines, eins, or seams of coal, lying under the residue of such real estate, in such manner, and with such consent, as therein is mentioned.

86. An act to impower the guardians of the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, an infant, to charge his settled estates with certain sums of money for the purposes therein mentioned, and to grant building and other leases, and make exchanges or sales of certain parts of the said estates, and for other purposes.

87. An act for confirming several purchases, conveyances, and settlements, made of the estates of the most honourable Francis marquis of Hertford and Isabella Ann marchioness of Hertford, his wife, lord William Gordon and Frances his wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his wife, Henry Hervey Aston and Harriot his wife, and sir John Ramsden and dame Louisa Susanna his wife.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, pastures, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Weston, in the county of Nottingham.

89. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands within the several parishes of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the county of Norfolk.

90. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadow, pasture, and other commonable and waste lands, in the lordship or liberties of Twyford, in the county of Leicester.

91. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other commonable lands, within the parish of Hampton Poyle, in the county of Oxford.

92. An act for altering, varying, and amending an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the open fields, ings, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Old Malton, in the north riding of the county of York.

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain commons and waste lands within the manors or lordships of Farnworth and Kersey, in the parish of Dean, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, marsh, meadow, and moor grounds, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Tattershall and townships of Tattershall Thorpe and Kirkby super Bane, in the county of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said marsh and meadow grounds, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the said parish of Tattershall, and township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the river Witham and river Bane, in the said county of Lincoln.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the county of York.

96. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, and such other commonable lands and waste grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the lord ship of Caistor, in the county of Lincoln.

97. An acct for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all the open common fields, meadows, pasture lands, commons, and waste grounds, in the townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the parish of Luddington, in the county of Lincoln.

98. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the county of Nottingham.

99. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Sharrington, in the county of Norfolk.

100. An act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the open fields, meadows, commons, wastes, and heath grounds, and other open and uninclosed lands, in the parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the county of Northampton.

101. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rockford, in the county of Lincoln.

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, and pastures, in the parish of Barrington, in the county of Hereford.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, common pastures, commons, waste, and other uninclosed lands grounds, and within the manor or lordship, and parish of East Bridgford, in the county of Nottingham.

104. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Farrer esquire, with Mary Goldsmith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

105. An act to dissolve the marriage of the reverend William Brook Jones clerk, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

106. An act for dissolving the marriage of Richard Moorsom gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

107. An act to dissolve the marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

108. An act to dissolve the marriage of James Christie esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

109. An act for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard.

110. An act for naturalizing Christian Henry Bollmann.

111. An act for naturalizing Otto Bichner.

112. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds, within the hamlet or township of Longcot, in the parish of Shrivenham, in the county of Berks.

113. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Little Castorton, in the county of Rutland.

114. An act for dividing and inclosing the forest, commons, and waste lands, within the liberties or townships of Lenton and Radford, in the county of Nottingham.

115. An act for dividing and inclosing a common call Guiseley Common, and other waste grounds, within the manor and township of Guiseley, in the west riding of the county of York.

116. An act for naturalizing John Christopher Falck.

117. An act for enabling the honourable Andrew Foley, the surviving trustee of two terms, of ninety-nine years, and one hundred and one years, created by the will of Thomas lord Foley, his late father, deceased, to grant leases of some parts of the estates comprized in those terms, and also to renew leases and copyhold grants made to, or in trust for the said Thomas lord Foley, deceased, or one of those under whom he derived a title; also to make exchanges of some parts of the premises comprized in the said term of ninety-nine years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached parts of the hereditaments and premises comprized in the said term of one hundred and one years, and to lay out the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

118. An act for vesting certain plantations and estates in the island of Grenada, late of sir James Johnstone baronet, in trustees, to raise money by mortgage for repairing the damage done thereto in the late insurrections.

119. An act for naturalizing Marian Hastings.

