Private Acts passed in 1797, 38 George 3 c.1 - c.88.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. AN Act for dividing and allotting the Commonable Pastures within the Parishes of Chedzoy, in the County of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hethersett, in the County of Norfolk.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called Elsted Marsh, within the several Parishes of Elsted and Trotton, or one of them, in the County of Sussex.

4. An Act for naturalizing Henry Jolivet.

5. An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding.

6. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Frederick Pieschel.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener.

8. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neville, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Issue Male, respectively, when they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits, of certain Estates devised by the Will of the late Right Honourable John Griffin, Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony of Braybrooke in Possession, to use and take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant to the said Will.

9. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Sack.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Middlezoy in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, other wise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham.

12. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier.

14. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Iselin and Daniel Eckenstein.

15. An Act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelerin.

16. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Chittingly otherwise Chiddingly, in the County of Sussex, Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry Chatfield Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Balcombe and Westhoathly, in the said County, the Estate and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

17. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Manor of Askerton in the Barony of Gilsland, which lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland.

18. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open Town Field called Sowerby Field, a certain Stinted Pasture called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

20. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

21. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, lying within the several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of East Knoyle otherwise Bishops Knoyle, in the County of Wilts.

23. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Keyworth, in the County of Nottingham.

24. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open, Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting Power, in the County of Gloucester.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Broughton, Pentrobin, and Bannell, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint.

26. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmscot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for dividing, enclosing, allotting, and improving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Messingham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East Butterwick, in the Parish of Messingham, in the County of Lincoln

29. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Enclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Treeton and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

30. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Wanostrocht.

31. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Raymond Poland.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act to enable George Pescod Esquire, a Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, of such of the Estates devised by the Will of William Pescod Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, sold under the Decree of the High Court of Chancery.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields in the Parishes of Medstead and Bentworth, in the County of Southampton.

36. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk.

37. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford Peverell, in the County of Dorset.

38. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Rockborne, in the County of Southampton, and Wichbury, in the County of Wilts.

39. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gisleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk.

40. An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Sussex, Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

41. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Torry Elston, late of Holbeach Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, Grazier, but now of Wisbeach Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife, situate at Gonnerby, Manthorbe, and Allington, in the said County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right Honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlow, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

42. An Act for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Jacob Houblon Esquire, for Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John Houblon Esquire.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Seymour Baity Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies thence arising, in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof.

44. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, 'An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral,' and to make further provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabric Fund thereof.

45. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of fifty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, on Trust, in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamara against Jones, being the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to Restrictions.

46. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging, allotting, and fencing, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for stinting and regulating the stocking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcott, within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

47. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

48. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wilbarston, in the County of Northampton.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood Common, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County of Hereford.

50. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Sicklinghall with Woodhall, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Shrewton, in the County of Wilts.

52. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weston Turville, in the County of Buckingham.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and County of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain ancient Infield Lands, within the said Chapelry.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Pessills Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelford Moor, within Harston and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge.

56. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddington Esquire, with Grace Ashburner his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend Thomas James Twisleton with Charlotte Anne Frances his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances Wattell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James Woodmason Esquire, with Mary Magdelain his now Wife, late Mary Magdelain GavilLe, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick Rheinwald.

61. An Act for naturalizing Emily de Visme, an Infant.

62. An Act for naturalizing John Brock.

63. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Guitton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

64. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Lawley Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Sir Robert Lawley, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

65. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the County of Bedford; and for enabling William Beckford Esquire, the Owner of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to enclose the same; and for vesting a perpetual clear yearly Rent Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for such Right of Common.

66. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commons or Moors called Chilton Common, otherwise Wild Marsh, Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or Grounds called Chilton Moor, and Pury Moor, all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity, Wembdon, Durleigh, and Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset.

67. An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to enclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of Hertford.

68. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

69. An Act to confirm the Renunciation and Release of James Gordon Esquire, as one of the Devisees, in Trust, of Samuel Whitbread Esquire, deceased, and to give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel Whitbread, and Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain Parts thereof.

70. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled Estates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie Esquire, and applying the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, to be made of Part of such settled Estates, for the Purpose of building.

71. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir John Mordaunt deceased, in the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said Will.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcaston, in the County of Leicester.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Swithland, in the County of Leicester.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge.

78. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Fields and The Sand Pits.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedict in Glastonbury, all in the County of Somerset.

80. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge.

82. An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, enclosing, and draining, Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes.

83. An Act for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giester.

84. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas Thornton Esquire, of Part of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there, the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors.

85. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands at Chorlton Row and Grindlow, in the County of Lancaster, in the Guardians of John Hyde Esquire, an Infant the only Son and Residuary Legatee named in the last Will and Testament of Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trust, to contract with Holland Ackers Esquire, for the Sale of, and to convey the same to him upon the Terms mentioned and specified in a certain Contract made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such Contract, then to contract with any other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the same or better Terms.

86. An Act for naturalizing James Ecbert Hoolboom.

87. An Act for naturalizing William Brodum, Doctor of Physic.

88. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Holwhede.
