Private acts, passed in 1798, 39 George 3, c.1 - c.120.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, vol 18.
---

Anno Regni 39 Georgii III.

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Shropham, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act to enable Thomas Jull of Ash, next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Issue, to assume and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hennings.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Roger Teschemacher.

5. An Act for naturalizing Hermenegild Augustus Maria Castellain.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Everard Heyman.

8. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Schick.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries.

10. An Act for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

11. An Act for naturalizing Johann George Wicke.

12. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts Esquire, with the Honourable Cassandra Twisleton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre Francois Papillon.

14. An Act for naturalizing George Christopher Moller.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open, and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Molesworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leintwardine, Burrington, Downton, Aston, and Elton, in the County of Hereford.

18. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tithing of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks.

20. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

21. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Williams with Mary Charlotte his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman.

23. An Act for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

24. An Act for naturalizing Christian John Adam Withe.

25. An Act for naturalizing George Bong.

26. An Act for naturalizing John Philip Marindin.

27. An Act for naturalizing John De Luc.

28. An Act for naturalizing Justin Eliza Caesar Audra.

29. An Act for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon.

30. An Act for naturalizing Lorents Braun.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hevingham and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

36. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Rigaud.

37. An Act for naturalizing Francis Henry Christin.

38. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Craigiehall, lying in the County of Linlithgow, and comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sophia Marchioness of Annandale, with Consent of William Marquis of Annandale, her Husband, upon the thirty-first July one thousand seven hundred and eight; and also for vesting certain Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and comprised in a Disposition and Deed of Entail thereof, dated the third November one thousand seven hundred and forty six, granted by Sir Robert Myrton. of Gogar, Baronet, with Consent therein mentioned in Trustees, in Trust, to sell or exchange the same, and invest the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deeds of Entail; and for vesting in William Hope Weir Esquire, of Craigiehall and Blackwood, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, and others.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of Herrington, Broad Campden, and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Piece of Commonable Land called Leigh Common, situate in the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish of Yetminster, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County of Somerset.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Keninghall, in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Bressingham and Fersfield, in the County of Norfolk, for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and ail Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Easton, in the County of Southampton.

45. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of Buckingham.

48. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Most Honourable John James Marquis of Abercomy with the Most Honourable Cecil Hamilton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for naturalizing Catherine Nassau.

51. An Act for naturalizing Henry von dem Busch.

52. An Act for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielfeld.

53. An Act for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manors of Forfield, Bromhill, Bellbroughton, and Brians Bell, in the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of Worcester.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford.

56. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bucks, entailed by the Will of John late Duke of Bedford in Francis Duke of Bedford, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the said County of greater Value in lieu thereof.

37. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Robert Clutterbuck Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

58. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie Haussoullier Esquire, and Tryphena Trist Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors, Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Machermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Durcott, in the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Marshall, in the County of Dorset.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirst Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, several Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park and Forest of Weardale, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste, Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrough, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the County of Somerset.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Castle and Milford, in the County of Wilts.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Shuldham Peard Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Blight and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Thoroton Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for naturalizing Maria Groschner, otherwise Huntley.

80. An Act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collet D’Escury.

81. An Act for naturalizing William Conrad Korff.

82. An Act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Cuvelje.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Grasthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long Preston in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston Ings.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common called Knayton Moor, and other Waste Lands, within the Township of Knayton, and Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Undivided Enclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, and Crigglestone, in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brand; and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County; and making a Compensation for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively.

90. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Aithorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish.

92. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of Richard Long Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for applying the Money arising therefrom for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Henry Every Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, affecting the same, and to invert the Surplus of such Money, (if any such shall be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

94. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Watton under Edge, in the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Smythe Owen Esquire.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattingham and Patshull, in the County of Stafford.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Yarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dormington, with the Chapelry of Bartestree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith with the Chapelry of Westhide, in the said Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Axbridge, in the County of Somerset.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp willowby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

100. An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise, Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker Knight, with Ann Bottler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Fraser, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Esquire, with Eliza Catherine Wiggens, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

105. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud.

106. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends.

107. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count Byland.

108. An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contract of Sale already entered into, an Estate at Charleywood, in the Parish of Rickmersworth, in the County of Herts, late belonging to Sir David Lindsay Baronet, deceased, devised, in strict Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will; and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with Power of leasing the Estates to be settled.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth, with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of Silkstone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crossland, in the Parish of Aimondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

115. An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parnhes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraisbury, in the County of Buckingham.

119. An Act for naturalizing George Erck.

120. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge.

