Private acts, passed in 1799-1800, 39 & 40 George 3, c.1 - c.90.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, vol 18.
---

1. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Tilbrooke, in the County of Bedford.

2. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Islip, in the County of Northampton.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Salhouse, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Langley, in the County of Norfolk.

5. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cawston, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thorpe, next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich.

9. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, two certain Tracts of Land now held and used as Stinted Common of Pasture, within the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wendlebury, in the County of Oxford.

11. An act for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds of the Manor of East Horseley, in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East Horseley and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Martin with Grafton in the County of York.

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Burliscombe, in the County of Devon.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

17. An act for vesting in Heneage Leggs and William Sheldon Esquires, divers Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah West Widow, and conveyed by her to Joseph Martin Esquire, and Beriah Hills Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the twentieth and twenty-first Days of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, upon several Trusts, and for enabling the said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon, to execute such of the same Trusts as are now subsisting.
---
18. An act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the same Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

19. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge.

20. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Ashby Woulds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Stoke-upon-Tern, and Hinstock, in the County of Salop.

22. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County of York.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Land and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford.

24. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of Welfordas is within the County of Gloucester.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common called Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, in the County of Durham.

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndish, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or one of them.

27. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with Belmesthorpe, otherwise Belminsthorpe, in the County of Rutland.

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Norfolk.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack with Pitsgate, in the County of Northampton.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York.

31. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Shalbourn, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks.

33. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of East Poringland, West Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and Caister Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk; and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes of East Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixley.

34. An act for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton Bromshold, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called or known by the Names of The Buscotts and No Man's Leys.

37. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Barholm, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of Brickendon, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford.

40. An act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Moreton in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir William Wolseley Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes.

41. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wood Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Plumstead in the County of Norfolk.

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Ground within the Township of Holmpton, in the Parishes of Holmpton and Hollym cum Withernsea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

45. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Carlton in the Parish of Snaith, and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sprowston in the County of Norfolk.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York.

49. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Thurstonland, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

50. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Winterborne Stickland, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the same Parish.

51. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex.

52. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kearby, other wise Kirkby, other wise Kirby-cum-Netherby, in the Parish of Kirkby-Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braceborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tithes within the same Parish.

55. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham.

56. An act to enable Justinian Kerry Esquire, and his Issue, to take the Surname and Arms of Ekins only, pursuant to the Will of Justinian Ekins Esquire, deceased.

57. An act to enable the Trustees therein named, to repair the new Bridge over the River Avon, from the City of Bath, to the Manor of Bathwick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner certain Sums which may be payable to the said Trust Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation.

58. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the entailed Estate of Blairhall and others, in the Counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to Mistress Ann Ranaldson Dickson, Wife of James Ranaldson Dickson, of Blairhall, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions to younger Children affecting the same.

59. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton and Cottesmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes.

60. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cassington, in the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of Worton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish’ of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hykeham aforesaid, in Lieu of the Tithes of all the Titheable Lands within the same Parish.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, in the County of Cambridge.

63. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Tract of Heath Land, within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford.

64. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint Faith's and Hamlet of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Elsworth in the County of Cambridge.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ingburchworth, in the Parish of Penistone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

68. An act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Seifton Forest, otherwise The Long Forest, within the Townships of Seifton, Bache, and Norton, in the Parish of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham.

70. An act for. dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the County of Stafford.

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Wade Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An act for naturalizing Alexander John Gaspard Marcet.

73. An act for the Sale of the George inn, in the Town of Northampton, vested in Trustees for Charitable Purposes under the Will of John Driden Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes.

74. An act to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of William Barbor Esquire, as are situate in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchafe of Estates, to be situate in the County of Devon, and to give a Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the Estates so to be sold.

75. An act for dividing, plotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rocester, and in the Township of Denston, within the Parishes of Rocester aforesaid, and Alveton, in the County of Stafford.

76. An act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of Huntspill aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Cannington, Stockland Bristol, and Stogursey, in the said County of Somerset.

77. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge.

78. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford.

79. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tithing of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the County of Wilts.

81. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Hunmanby and Fordon, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in Lieu of Tythe arising in, over, or upon, the same, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships.

82. An act for naturalizing Frederick William Wistinghausen.

83. An act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay.

84. An act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down; Ground, within the Parish or Township of Sparsholt, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Westcote, in the same Parish and County.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating, from Common Right, the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands, within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall and Netherhall, in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex.

86. An act for naturalizing Francis Julius Micheli.

87. An act for naturalizing John Tulliken.

88. An act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubée de Brouquens, an Infant.

89. An act for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht Sultzbergen.

90. An act for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont Vallete, Widow.

