Private Acts passed in 1801, 41 George 3 c.1 - c.131.
From Raithby, The Statutes of the United Kingdom, vol. 1, 1822.
---

1. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of King's Brompton, Upton and Skilgate, in the County of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great Checkhill and Little Checkhill, within the Manor and Parish of Kniver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for naturalizing Mark Anthony de Cullogny.

5. An Act for naturalizing William Bulnois.

6. An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clementi.

7. An Act for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on the Estates in the County of Northumberland, devised by the Will of Henry Revely Esquire, in Trustees, for certain purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places and Wastes, within the Manor and Township of Little Useburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley, in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert aforesaid.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

15. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram.

16. An Act for naturalizing Amelia Weltje.

17. An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engstrom.

18. An Act for naturalizing Henry Walther.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex.

20. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hooffstetter.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Cressingham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain Open and Inclosed Fields and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Cressingham, in the said County.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happisburgh and Lessingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happisburgh.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford.

25. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Duckworth with Mary Grundy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor Gentleman, with Catherine Birch all Taylor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt Weippert.

28. An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, (being an Estate devised by the Will of William Langley deceased, in strict Settlement,) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samuel Baker Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now stand limited under and by virtue of the said Will.

29. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the Room of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe an Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abbotts, in the County of Huntingdon.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrestlingworth, in the County of Bedford; and for allotting a Part of Hatley Field in lieu of such Parts of the same Field as are situate in the said Parish of Wrestlingworth.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, improving and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln.

37. An Act for dividing and plotting several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land called Kentismoore, within the Manor and Parish of Kentisbeere, in the County of Devon.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood, otherwise Turnworth, in the County of Dorset.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balsham, in the County of Cambridge.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in the County of Stafford.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Abbott, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wortwell, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and otherwise improving the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground with in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely.

49. An Act for naturalizing Saint George Knudson.

50. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley.

51. An Act for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Volckers.

52. An Act for enabling Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny, to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofield and Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Beighton, Lingwood and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dunkeswell in the County of Devon.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Bergh Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington and Holveston, in the County of Norfolk.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Mattishall in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradset, in the County of Norfolk.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Dooles and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton Colvile, Oulton and Kirtley otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishop's Froome, Much Cowarne and Evesbach, in the said County of Hereford.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Risby and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and Witton, in the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bassingbourne, in the County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme Hale and West Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and Carbrooke, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several stinted Pastures, Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wilby, in the County of Northampton.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwall, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Castlecarrock, within and Parcel of the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes and other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Langtoft and Baston, in the County of Lincoln.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of West Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Helperthorp, East Lutton and West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp, in the East Riding in the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Parish of Owston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester, and for allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and all other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Rutland.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadstock, in the County of Essex.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Coulton, in the County of Norfolk.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks.

90. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Ruston Parva, otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Wick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks.

95. An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Paas.

96. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum.

97. An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Winska.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk and Shackage, in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Common or Car, within the Township of Molscroft, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the County of Gloucester, and Latton and Eisey, in the County of Wilts.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addison her now Husband, on account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sister of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for naturalizing David Court.

104. An Act for naturalizing John William Pfeil.

105. An Act for naturalizing William Harre.

106. An Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier.

107. An Act for naturalizing John Haring.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tithing or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Hornsea, in the Parish of Hornsea, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Kinnersley, in the County of Hereford.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the united Parishes of Histon Saint Andrew and Histon Saint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge.

113. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors or Tithings of Wilsford, otherwise Willsford Dauntsey, otherwise Willesford Dauntsey, in the County of Wilts.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

115. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons and Waste Grounds, in Little Weeton and Riplingham, within the Township of Little Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Riplingham and Hunsley, in the same Township, Parish and Riding.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and East Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Basset, in the same County.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with Jessy Campbell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony Wittekind and Christopher Henry Werner.

121. An Act for enabling Henry Michael Goold Esquire to charge certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Chelston, otherwise Chelveston cum Caldecott, in the County of Northampton.

123. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln.

125. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey.

127. An Act for allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bottisham, in the County of Cambridge.

128. An Act for allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge.

129. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Heath and Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tolleshunt Major, otherwise Tolleshunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex.

130. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

131. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele.
