Private Acts passed in 1805, 45 George 3 c.1 - c.105.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1805.
https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=ABY2AQAAMAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false 
---

1. An act for naturalizing Henry Julius Winter.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Trimley Saint Mary, Trimley Saint Martin, Kirton, and Nacton, in the County of Suffolk.

3. An act to enable Joseph Thempson Whateley Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and their respective Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Halsey, pursuant to the Will of Frederick Halsey Esquire, deceased.

4. An act for naturalizing John Antony.

5. An act to relieve the Right Honourable John Thynne, commonly called Lord John Thynne, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, from certain Penalties and Disabilities which he has incurred by sitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

6. An act for naturalizing John Gerard Geller.

7. An act for naturalizing John Fredrick Muller.

8. An act for naturalizing John Michael Malonek.

9. An act for naturalizing Ludewig August Leukfeld.

10. An act for naturalizing Christian William Masius.

11. An act for naturalizing Friederick Gottlieb Wolf.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of Essex.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Newton, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An act to enable Daniel Henry Woodward, Esquire, and his Sons and their Issue and Descendants, to use the Surnames of Lee Warner, and to use the Arms of the Family of Henry Lee Warner Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Henry Lee Warner.

15. An act for naturalizing Jacob William Luning.

16. An act for naturalizing Francis Albert Leonard Strick van Linschoten.

17. An act for naturalizing Jacob Hulle.

18. An act for naturalizing Herman Mertens.

19. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palling, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brunstead, in the County of Norfolk.

21. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Cleaverton, in the County of Wilts.

22. An act for naturalizing James Samuel Pons.

23. An act for naturalizing Hermanus Vos.

24. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford.

25. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swaton, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick.

27. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sudborne, in the County of Suffolk.

28. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fareham, in the County of Southampton.

29. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham Saint Mary, Gillingham All Saints, Winston, and Windell, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rushock, in the County of Worcester.

31. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

32. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.

33. An act for inclosing the Commons called The Perthy and New Marton Common, in the Parish of Ellesmere, in the County of Salop.

34. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cranford Saint John, in the County of Northampton.

35. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milverton, in the County of Warwick.

36. An act for naturalizing Henry John Rucker.

37. An act for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewes Frederic Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin Chartery.

38. An act for naturalizing Henry Huguenin.

39. An act for naturalizing Schweickbert Schweickbert.

40. An act for naturalizing Matews Thomas Francis Hommey.

41. An act for naturalizing John Henoch Christian Dege.

42. An act for vesting a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of Petworth in the County of Sussex, and in the Parish of Ealing in the County of Southampton, (Parcel of the Estates entailed with the Castle and Manor of Arundel, by the Act of Parliament made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First) in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of a more convenient Estate.

43. An act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Gortby and others lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham Esquire, of Balgowan, and a certain Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and in lieu thereof for vesting the Lands of Meckven and others lying in the County of Perth aforesaid, in the said Thomas Graham, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

44. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thingdon, other wise Finedon, in the County of Northampton.

45. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shirburn, in the County of Oxford.

46. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Colsterworth, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tythes arising within the Parish.

47. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, in the County of Nottingham.

48. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Methwold, in the County of Norfolk.

49. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pyrford, in the Parishes of Pyrford and Chertsey, or One of them, in the County of Surrey.

50. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Darfeld, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, in the County of Somerset.

52. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareham on the Hill in the County of Lincoln.

53. An act for naturalizing George James Dopcke.

54. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Warin.

55. An act for naturalizing Christopher Lorck.

56. An act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates late of Mary Greene, Widow deceased, situate in the County of Norfolk, and by her Will devised or limited to strict Uses, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

57. An act for vesting certain Trust Estates in the Trustees of the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Henry Coxwell Esquire, and Margaret his Wife.

58. An act for vesting in Thomas Roper of Bishopsgate Street, in the City of London, Builder, a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of London, the Estate of Mary Smith, an Infant, and for applying the Purchase Money for the same in the Manner therein directed.

59. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadmaine, in the County of Dorset.

60. An act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Whichford, Ascott, and Stowerton, in the Parish of Whichford, in the County of Warwick.

61. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of New Alresford, in the County of Southampton.

62. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the City and County Palatine of Chester.

63. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Fransham, Little Fransham, and North Pickenham, in the County of Norfolk.

64. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoulton, in the County of Norfolk.

65. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Byersgreen and Old Park, in the County of Durham.

66. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Threshfield and Skirethorns, and Burnsal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

67. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tredington, in the County of Gloucester.

68. An act for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of Towyn, in the County of Merioneth.

69. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Hamlets of Ryhill and Camerton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets.

70. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex.

71. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Briningham, Stody, and Brinton in the County of Norfolk.

72. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Snalewell, in the County of Cambridge.

74. An act for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Bavant, in the County of Wilts.

75. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bainbridge and Parish of Aisgarth in the County of York.

76. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Weston Esquire with Frances Mary Lenn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An act for naturalizing John Henry Brune.

78. An act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell.

79. An act for naturalizing Gustavus Flindt.

80. An act for naturalizing Caroline Ernestine Frederica Sophia Baroness De Stein, of Nordheim, in the Empire of Germany, Wife of John Charles Mellish Esquire.

81. An act for naturalizing Georg Conradt Strobel.

82. An act for naturalizing Christian August Eschke.

83. An act for naturalizing Cbrislian Appold.

84. An act for naturalizing Joshua Gottreux.

85. An act for naturalizing John Bernhard la Marche.

86. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chearsley, in the County of Buckingham.

87. An act to enable the Trustees therein named to erect and build a new Bridge over the River Avon, on the North West Side of the Manor of Bath Wick, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the Parish of Walcot, and the road from the City of Bath to London; and also to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney.

88. An act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands of Redcloak and Findlayston, lying in the Parish of Fetteresso and County of Kincardine, upon and to and in favour of Robert Barclay Allardice, of Urie, Esquire, and the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail made by Robert Barclay of Urie, deceased; and for vesting in the said Robert Barclay Allardice, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, certain Parts of the Barony of Urie, lying in the said County of Kincardine.

89. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anderby, in the County of Lincoln.

go. An act for inclosing Lands in Frolesworth in the County of Leicester.

91. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Somerford Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

92. An act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Aldbourn, otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of Wilts.

93. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Malling and Teston, in the County of Kent.

94. An act for inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Claughton in Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for converting the same into a Stinted Pasture.

95. An act for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of Manton, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lincoln.

96. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex.

97. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Swaffham Prior, in the County of Cambridge.

98. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Alan Hyde Gardner with Maria Elizabeth Adderley, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Moore with Barbara Brabason his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Lingham the younger, with Eliza Lingham his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An act for naturalizing Thomas Luppino.

102. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Dulwich, in the County of Surrey.

103. An act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chelmorton and Flagg, in the Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby.

104. An act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Enford, Fifield, Coombe, Long Street, and East Chisenbury, in the Parish of Enford in the County of Wilts.

105. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cherry Orton otherwise Overton Watervile, and Alwalton, in the County of Huntingdon.


