Private Acts passed in 1812, 53 George 3 c.1 - c.77.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1812.
---

1. An Act for naturalizing Christian Dietrichsen.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon Parva otherwise Little Brand, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Holdfast, in the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in Honingham, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Island and Parish of West Thorney, in the County of Sussex.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in Lindley, in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Toft, in the County of Cambridge.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wormington, in the County of Gloucester.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Charlton Horethorne, in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gussage Saint Michael, in the County of Dorset.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shipston upon Stower, in the County of Worcester.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bodymoor Heath, or Heath Houses, in the County of Warwick.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Osmondeston otherwise Scole and Frenze, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palgrave, in the County of Suffolk.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Earsham, Ditchingham and Hedenham, in the County of Norfolk.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horsham, in the County of Sussex.

19. An Act for naturalizing David Bromer.

20. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Boyeson.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Greet and Sudely Tenements, in the Parish of Winchcomb, in the County of Gloucester.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Haresfeld, in the County of Gloucester.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longney, in the County of Gloucester.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in Little Paxton, in the County of Huntingdon.

25. An Act for allotting and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Brocklesby and Great Limber, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Wratting otherwise Talworth Wratting, in the County of Suffolk.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Witton, Bacton, Edingthorpe and Paston, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlesex.

29. An Act for naturalizing John Diderich Rucker.

30. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Charles Meyer.

31. An Act for naturalizing Charles Green.

32. An Act for naturalizing Elisee Hubert Desvignes.

33. An Act to relieve the Honourable John Bruce Richard O'Neill, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Antrim, from certain Penalties which he has incurred by sitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

34. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex, Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Bristol, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of more convenient Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Ousden otherwise Owsden, in the County of Suffolk.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newton upon Ouze, and in the Township of Shipton, in the Parish of Overton, in the County of York.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Grafton, in the County of Warwick.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in North Lopham and South Lopham, in the County of Norfolk

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lidgate, in the County of Suffolk.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wymering and Widley, and Hamlets of Cosham and Hilsea, on the South Side of Portsdown Hill, in the County of Hants.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Southampton.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pinxton, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Stainburn, in the County of Cumberland.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Eaglesfield and Blindbothel, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, in the County of Cumberland.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Badsey, in the County of Worcester.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bampton, in the County of Oxford.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Edgefield, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Ackton, in the Parish of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Panin of Cold Higham with Grimscote, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof, and of Potcote, in the said Parish.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Brinsworth, in the County of York.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishea of Barton Hartsborne and Chetwode, in the County of Buckingham.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Clayhidon, in the Parish of Clayhidon, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pebworth, in the County of Gloucester

54. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Rothwell otherwise Rowell, in the County of Northampton.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in Kirkby Thure, in the County of Westmorland.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Aston uport Carrant and Pamington Homedowns, in the Parish of Ashchurch, in the County of Gloucester.

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanelly, Llangenech and Llanedy, within the Commot of Carnawllon, in the Lordship of Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stapleford, in the County of Cambridge.

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Wickham, in the County of Cambridge.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Brockham and East Betchworth, within the Parish of Betchworth, in the County of Surrey.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrbystid, and the several other Parishes therein mentioned in the County of Cardigan.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanfynydd, Llanegwad, Llangathen and Llanfihangel Kilvargan, in the County of Carmarthen.

63. An Act for naturalising Jean de Courtenay.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Creech Saint Michael, in the County of Somerset.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Barton under Needwood and Tatenhill, in the Parish of Tatenhill, and in the Townships of Yoxall and Hoarcross, in the Parish of Yoxall, and in the Townships of Nethertown and Hampstall Ridware, in the Parish of Hampstall Ridware, in the County of Stafford.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex.

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrwst, in the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Buckland, in the County of Somerset.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Poling, in the County of Sussex.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in Chalton, Catherington, Clanfield, Blendworth and Idsworth, in the County of Southampton.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Much Birch and Little Birch, in the County of Hereford.

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Moore Esquire with Sidney Arabella Moore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Blachford Esquire, with Maris Camilla Blachford his now Wife, and to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nevin, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Carnarvon.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Penmorfa, Dolbenmaen and Llanfihangel y Pennant, in the County of Carnarvon.

77. An Act to enable Robert De Lisle to make a valid Settlement on the Marriage intended between him and Anne Salvin Spinster, notwithstanding his minority.

