Private Acts passed in 1813, 53 George 3 c.1 - c.79.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1813.
---

1. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cotterstock cum Glapthorn, in the County of Northampton.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Greystoke, in the County of Cumberland.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marston Trussell, in the County of Northampton.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eastnor, in the County of Hereford.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Greenford, in the County of Middlesex.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Middlesex.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hornsey, in the County of Middlesex.

8. An Act for naturalizing Johan Diederich Windeler.

9. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Swinbrooke, in the County of Oxford.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hereford

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Piddle, in the County of Worcester.

13. An Act to explain and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Lordship and Township of Warter, in the East Riding of the County of York

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Sockbridge, Yanwath and Eamont Bridge, in the Parish of Barton, in the County of Westmorland.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Salwarp, in the County of Worcester.

17.An Act for inclosing Lands called Upton Common, in the Township or Manor of Upton, in the Parish of Idsall otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

18. An Act for vesting the Messuages and Hereditaments settled on the Marriage of Henry Burnet Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust, to convey the same to Henry James Brooke Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the former Uses.

19. An Act for vesting the undivided Fourth Part of Edward Webb and Elizabeth Frances Webb, an Infant, in Estates in the Counties of Buckingham, Middlesex and Oxford, in Trust, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Townhill otherwise Shamblehurst, in the Parish of South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Seething, Kirkstead, Mundham and Sisland, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wramplingham, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Croxton, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of High and Low Kilburn, in the Parish of Kilburn, in the County of York.

25. An Act for inclosing certain Land called Laleham Burway, in the Parish of Laleham, in the County of Middlesex, or in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surry, or one of them.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors of Warminghurst, Askington and Chankton, in the County of Sussex.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Eartham, in the County of Sussex.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Farlington, in the County of York.

29. An Act for dividing Lands in the Township of Icklingham, in the County of Suffolk.

30. An Act for dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Whepstead, in the County of Suffolk.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chudleigh, in the County of Devon.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bluntisham with Earith and Colne, in the County of Huntingdon.

33. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the Deeds of Entail made by Thomas Viscount of Teviot and others, and now, by virtue thereof, in the Possession of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, in Trustoes, in Trust, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the said Deeds of Entail.

34. An Act for settling and securing the Lands and Estate of Kinninmouth, or Kinmount; and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queensberry, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Barony and Estate of Craigs, and certain Parts of the Lands of Tinwall, Burnskairth and Dargavel or Lochermoss, in the said County, in the said Charles Marquis of Queensberry, and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple.

35. An Act for vesting certain Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Essex, the settled Estates of Harvey Kimpton Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Flyford Flavell, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Horkesley, and in the Manor of Rivers Hall in Bextead, in the County of Essex.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Knowle, in the several Parishes of Solihull and Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Rissington, in the County of Gloucester.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cwmyoy, and Chapelry of Llanthony, in the County of Monmouth.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Ebrington and the Hamlet of Hitcoat otherwise Hitcott, in the County of Gloucester.

43. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Amberly, in the County of Sussex.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Much Cowarn, in the County of Hereford.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Fairburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Morley otherwise the Parishes of Morley Saint Buttolph and Morley Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woodton, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Priors Ditton, in the County of Salop.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chevington and Chedburgh, in the County of Suffolk.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Horningsheath otherwise Horningsherth and Westley, in the County of Suffolk.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Brigham, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, in the County of Cumberland.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Township of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Setmurthy and Embleton, in the Manor of Derwentfells, in the County of Cumberland.

54. An Act for inclosing certain Waste Lands within the Parish of Saint John, in the County of Cumberland.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Chamberlain Esquire with Eliza otherwise Elizabeth Chamberlain, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in a Deed of Entail made by Archibald Campbell, late of Shirvan, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the said Deed of Entail.

57. An Act for carrying into Effect a certain Agreement made between the Reverend Doctor David Johnston, Minister of the Parish of North Leith, and the Reverend Doctor Walter Foggo Ireland, ordained and appointed Assistant and Successor to the said Doctor David Johnston, in the said Parish of North Leith, and the Kirk Session thereof, with the Consent of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and John Campbell, Writer to His Majesty's Signet.

58. An Act for enabling the Administrators of George Turner, deceased, to complete a Contract made by him for the Sale of Part of his Fee Simple Estates.

59. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Rougham, in the County of Suffolk.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stretton Grandsome and Township of Egleton, in the Parish of Bishops Froome, in the County of Hereford.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in Upper Elkstone, in the County of Stafford.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Boxtead Hall, in the County of Essex.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kennet, in the County of Cambridge.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wood Ditton in the County of Cambridge.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eastrington, in the County of York

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tasburgh, in the County of Norfolk.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, in Newmarket, in the County of Suffolk.

68. An Act to enable the Reverend Benjamin Sandford to take the Name and bear the Arms of Winston, pursuant to the Will of Charles Winston, deceased.

69. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Gleneagles, Haldane and Aberuthven, situated in the Counties of Perth, Stirling and Dunbarton, which belonged to, and were entailed by Robert Haldane, of Gleneagles, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Robert Haldane still owing, and which acted or may be made to affect the said entailed Estates.

70. An Act for settling and securing the Lands and Estate of West Boreland, and others, in the County of Stirling, to and in favour of William Morehead Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take, by a certain Deed of Entail made by William Morehead Esquire, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations in the said Deed, and for vesting, in lieu thereof, certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Herbertshire, in the said County, in certain Trustees nominated by the said William Morehead, deceased, for the Purposes of the Trust, and for empowering the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts and Portions of the said Entailed Estate of Herbertshire for Payment of the Debts contracted by the said William Morehead, deceased.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanfihangel Generglyn and Llanganfelin, in the County of Cardigan.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Westmill, in the County of Hertford.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longstanton Saint Michael, in the County of Cambridge.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Gransden, in the County of Cambridge.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds within and Parcel of the Manor of East Teignmouth, in the County of Devon.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Meldreth, and for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Melbourn and Whaddon, in the County of Cambridge.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Frampton upon Severn, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the said County.

78. An Act to enable John Fleming Barton Willis Esquire, and his Issue, to take the Name of Fleming, and bear the Arms of the Fleming Family, pursuant to the Will of John Fleming Esquire, deceased.

79. An Act for vesting a Leasehold Messuage in Curzon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Effects, settled by the Will of Dame Harriott Reade, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and to lay out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in like manner.
