Private Acts passed in 1815, 55 George 3 c.1 - c.112.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1815.
---

1. An act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Agmondesham otherwise Amersham in the Counties of Buckingham and Hertford.

2. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Headon cum Upton, in the County of Nottingham.

3. An act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Heydon, in the County of Essex.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smallburgh, in the County of Norfolk.

5. An act for inclosing Lands within the Tithing of Hawley, in the Parish of lately, in the County of Southampton.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Warcop, in the County of Westmorland.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke next Nayland, Nayland, Wiston otherwise Wissington, Assington and Polstead in the County of Suffolk.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dundry in the County of Somerset.

9. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Manby in the County of Lincoln.

10. An act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Caton, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

11. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Redgrave and Hamlet of Botesdale, in the County of Suffolk.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rickinghall Superior, Rickinghall Inferior and Hindercley, in the County of Suffolk.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weston Market, in the County of Suffolk.

14. An act for vesting Part of the Residuary Estate of Hannah Silcock Widow, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell and dispose of the same; and to lay out the Money arising therefrom, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

15. An act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages and other Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand otherwise Strand otherwise Savoy, formerly the Estate of James Joye Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon the Trusts in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and thirty five, declared concerning the same Hereditaments.

16. An act for inclosing divers Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Burton in Kendal, in the several Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster; and for converting the same into Stinted Pasture.

17. An act for dividing and allotting certain Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings of Bourton, Easton, Horton, Nursteed and Week, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts.

18. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Shipley, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

19. An act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Grasby, in the County of Lincoln.

20. An act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Brodsworth, in the County of York.

21. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dewlish in the County of Dorset.

22. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Melsonby, in the County of York.

23. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Brampton, Wath upon Dearne and Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

24. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Necton otherwise Neighton, in the County of Norfolk.

25. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corscombe, in the County of Dorset.

26. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of South Runcton and Holme, otherwise Runcton Holme, in the County of Norfolk.

27. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Appletreewick, in the Parish of Burnsal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

28. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hilperton and Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts.

29. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Miserden otherwise Miserdine, in the County of Gloucester.

30. An act for inclosing the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marsh, in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

31. An act for inclosing Harwich Moor, in the Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

32. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Stansfield, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York.

33. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Lordship of Witherslack, in the County of Westmorland.

34. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rumworth, and Parish of Dean, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

35. An act for inclosing Wisewood Common, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York.

36. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thornhill, in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York.

37. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangeinwen and Llanbed'r New borough, in the County of Anglesea.

38. An act to carry into Effect the Contracts made for the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates of the most Noble Henry Pelham, Duke of Newcastle, situate in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and to supply the Defects occasioned by the Loss of the Conveyances thereof to the Purchasers.

39. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, in the County of Somerset, of Sir Henry Strachey Baronet, in Trustees upon Trust, to be sold, and for in vesting the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the former Uses, and for enabling the Trustees to concur in making a Partition of such of the same Estates as are now held by Sir Henry Strachey and other Persons in undivided Shares.

40. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Sutton, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Hutton Roof, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland.

42. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Breadsall, in the County of Derby.

43. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hartlebury, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of Worcester.

44. An act for inclosing Lands in Brampton, in the County of Derby.

45. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hindringham, in the County of Norfolk.

46. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Aston Rogers and Coundy in the County of Salop.

47. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Marcham, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks.

48. An act for explaining and amending an act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, in the Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson and Cricklade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.

49. An act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Wsute Grounds, within the Parish of Willesden, in the County of Middlesex.

50. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton Lovell, in the County of Wilts.

51. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stoke otherwise Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, and Hamlet of Winnold, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An act for amending an act of His present Majesty for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordship of North Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln.

53. An act for empowering the Trustees under the Will of James Milnes Esquire, deceased, to effect a Partition of the Estates whereof undivided Shares were devised by such Will. 1268.

54. An act to enable the Devisees in Trust and Executors named in the Will of William Nunn Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases of his Residuary Leasehold Estates.

55. An act for dividing and allotting the Common or Commonty of the Lomonds of Falkland, in the Parishes of Falkland and Strathmiglo, in the County of Fife.

56. An act for enabling the Sale of all or any Part of the Stocks already transferred in Redemption of Part of the Annuity of Six thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds, payable out of the Consolidated Fund in lieu of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines granted by King Charles the Second to Henry First Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Stocks which shall be transferred in Redemption of the Remainder of the same Annuity, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands and Hereditaments and for other Purposes.

57. An act for vesting the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Burslem, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the net Monies thence arising in providing a Parsonage House for the said Rectory, and in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled and annexed thereto.

58. An act for vesting certain Hereditaments devised by the Will of Thomas Skip Dyot Bucknall Esquire deceased, called The Dyot Estate, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

59. An act for uniting the Vicarage and Rectory of Bishopstone, in the County of Wilts, and within the Diocese of Salisbury, into one Rectory, with Cure of Souls.

60. An act for exonerating certain Tithes in the Manor of Shireoaks, in the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Four several Annuities, and from the Repairs of the Chapel of Shireoaks, and for charging Freehold Lands and the Tithes thereof, within the same Manor, with the future Payment of the said Annuities, and with the said Repairs.

61. An act to enable the Lord Bishop of Winchester to grant Leases of Lands allotted to him under an act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for disafforesting the Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

62. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Francis Boynton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

63. An act for effecting the Sale of certain settled Estates of Ann Powell, Widow, and Elizabeth Parry, and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses.

64. An act for enabling Nathanael Bishop Esquire to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement for a Building Lease of a Part of his Settled Estate, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, entered into by him with Robert Clarke Gentleman and Henry Richardson Gentleman.

65. An act for exchanging certain Fee Simple Estates of the Reverend John Dampier Clerk, in the County of Somerset, for certain Settled Estates of the said John Dampier and Mary Charlotte his Wife, in the same County.

66. An act for effectuating an Agreement for Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rector of the Parish Church of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, for the Use of the Royal Military Asylum.

67. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chitterne Saint Mary and Chitterne All Saints, in the County of Wilts, and for repealing an act passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Chitterne Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.

68. An act for enlarging and repairing the Parish Churches of East and West Teignmouth, in the County of Devon, and for authorizing the Sale of divers Hereditaments in East and West Teignmouth, Islington and Highweek, in the said County; and for discharging the Expences to be occasioned thereby.

69. An act for better carrying into Execution the Trusts of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent.

70. An act for vesting in a new Trustee upon the subsisting Trusts, certain Estates of John Mason Esquire, deceased, now vested in Infant Trustees.

71. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks.

72. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Woolavington and Graffham, in the County of Sussex.

73. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cottingham cum Middleton, in the County of Northampton.

74. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ilminster, in the County of Somerset.

75. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Packwood, in the County of Warwick.

76. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Bergholt, in the County of Suffolk.

77. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships, Hamlets or Manors of Youlgreave and Middleton by Youlgreave, both in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby.

78. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Knock, in the Parish of Long Marton, in the County of Westmorland.

79. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Papworth Everard, in the County of Cambridge.

80. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Barston and Berkswell, in the County of Warwick.

81. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gwnnws, and several other Parishes therein mentioned, and in the Township of Llanrhystid Mevenidd, in the County of Cardigan.

82. An act for continuing and confirming on Sir Henry Halford Baronet, and the Heirs Male of his Body, the Surname and Arms of Halford only.

83. An act for carrying into effect an Agreement between the Right Honourable Stephen Earl of Mount Cashel, and John Power of Affane, in the County of Waterford, Esquire, for the Surrender to the said Earl of a Lease for Lives, renewable for ever, of certain Lands of Kilcorroon, called Doon, in the County of Tipperary, comprised in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of the said John Power with Ann his Wife, deceased.

84. An act for effecting a Partition between Thomas Coulthard and James Batlin Coulthard Esquires, of Estates in the County of Southampton.

85. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isle Abbots, Fivehead, Swell, Curry Mallett, Curry Rivell, Beercrocombe, Ashill Ilton, White Lackington, and Isle Brewers, in the County of Somerset.

86. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Hamlet of Lottie Rowsley, in the Parish of Darley, in the County of Derby.

87. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Freckenlam, in the County of Suffolk.

88. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chard, in the County of Somerset.

89. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Noneley, in the Parish of Loppington, and County of Salop.

90. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Chipping Barnet and East Barnet, in the Parish of Barnet, in the County of Hertford.

91. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Rowington and Bushwood, in the Parishes of Rowington, Old Stratford and Lapworth, in the County of Warwick.

92. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maenclochog, Llangolman and Llandilo, in the County of Pembroke.

93. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Uffculme, Halberton and Willand, in the County of Devon.

94. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Langham, in the County of Norfolk.

95. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Piddletrenthide otherwise Colliers Piddle, in the County of Dorset.

96. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thompson, in the County of Norfolk.

97. An act to exonerate certain Estates and Trust Money from the Payment of a Jointure Annuity settled upon the Right Honourable Margaret Lady Sommers, and from Portions settled on the younger Children of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, by the said Margaret Lady Sommers, his Wife, and for charging the same upon other Manors and Estates in the County of Worcester, and for confirming a Decree of the Court of Chancery, and other Purposes relative thereto.

98. An act for vesting a settled Estate of George Marriott in him in Fee Simple, and for settling another Estate in lieu thereof.

99. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Collingbourn Kingston, and Burbage, and in the Tithing of Poulton, in the Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Wilts.

100. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or District of Caereinion Uchoed, in the County of Montgomery.

101. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hepworth, in the County of Suffolk.

102. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Liberty of Yeftley, otherwise Iffley, within the Manor and Parish of Yeftley otherwise Iffley, in the County of Oxford.

103. An act to enable Abraham Gray Harford Esquire, and his Heirs, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Battersby, pursuant to the Will of William Battersby Esquire.

104. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Archibald John Earl of Rosebery with Harriet Countess of Rosebery his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

105. An act to enable Henry Thomas Esquire, and his Issue, to use and bear the Surname and Arms of Greene, pursuant to the Will of his maternal Grandfather Henry Greene, Clerk, deceased.

106. An act for confirming the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Parish of Bourne, in the County of Southampton, so far as relates to certain Allotments made to Elizabeth Carter Widow and John Carter deceased.

107. An act for enabling the surviving Trustee of Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Samuel Egerton Bridges Baronet, vested in Trustees by an act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Trust, to be sold or exchanged, to convey the same to the subsisting Uses, discharged of the Trusts of the said Act.

108. An act for enlarging and rendering more effectual certain Powers granted to the Trustees of the Chapelry of Smethwick, in the County of Stafford.

109. An act for enabling Charles Newdigate Parker, calling himself Charles Newdigate Newdegate Esquire, to take the Name and Arms of Newdegate; and also for extinguishing a certain Rent Charge (subject to a Life Estate in Part thereof) pursuant to certain Conditions contained in the Will and Codicil of Sir Roger Newdigate Baronet, deceased.

110. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Moulsey and West Moulsey, in the County of Surry.

111. An act for dissolving the Marriage of Charles Christie Esquire with Thomasine his now Wife, and for enabling him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Diston Powles, with Louisa his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

