Private Acts passed in 1816, 56 George 3 c.1 - c.76.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1816.
---

1. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Alwinton, in the County of Northumberland.

2. An Act for inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Halton Moss or Moore Moss, within the Manor and Township of Moore, in the County Palatine of Chester.

3. An Act for ratifying and confirming certain Exchanges made under an Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thorp Arch and Walton, in the County of the City of York.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newburn, in the County of Northumberland.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Heaton, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York.

8. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in the Town or Borough of Grantham, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled upon the Trulls on which such Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments are held.

9. An Act for confirming and effectuating a Partition of a Messuage, Farm and Lands, called Westbourn, otherwise Westbury Farm, in the Parishes of Paddington, Kensington and Chelsea, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, in which the Very Reverend William Beaumont Busby Doctor in Divinity, and William Hervey Esquire, have undivided Moieties.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ecchinswell, and especially within the Tything of East Woodhay, otherwise Wydhey, in the County of Southampton.

11. An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Michael upon Wyre, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate devised by the Will of the Reverend Henry Zouch for an Estate belonging to John Lowther Esquire, in Fee Simple.

13. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Christopher late Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

14. An Act for vesting Parts of the settled Estates of Samuel Aldersey Esquire, in the County of Chester, in a Trustee, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Borwick and Parish of Warton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Alton, in the Parish of Rock, in the County of Worcester.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Somerset.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Askrigg, in the Parish of Aisgarth and County of York.

19. An Act for inclosing Land in the Hamlet of Homesfield, in the Parish of Dronfield, in the County of Derby.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Briestwistle, in the Parish of Thornhill, in the West Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Church Stretton, Wistanstow and Edgton, in the County of Salop.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Londesborough, in the East Riding of the County of York. ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whiston, in the County of York.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Stainland, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Saggart, in the County of Dublin.

26. An Act for inclosing West Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Feckenham, in the County of Worcester.

28. An Act for selling certain Lands and Heritages in the Shire of Berwick, entailed by Neil late Earl of Roseberry, deceased, for Payment of the Balance of the Price of certain other Lands purchased and entailed by him; and for purchasing and entailing other Lands more convenient to the Family Estates.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Nathan Hyde Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

30. An Act for making the Trustees of Prisca Coborn's Charity a Body Corporate, and for enabling them to sell Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned, and to grant Building Leases of other Part of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to appoint new Trustees of such of the Copyhold Estates belonging to the said Charity as are not to be sold.

31. An Act for uniting the Rectory of Great Birch, in the County of Essex, with the adjoining Rectory of Little Birch, in the same County, after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

32. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and John Knight Esquire, of certain Lands in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Newcastle under Lyme, Trentham, Woolstanton and Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Dalham, in the County of Suffolk.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townships or Divisions of Strickland Kettle and Nether Stavely, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sonning, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Arustley, in the County of Montgomery.

38. An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Reverend Henry Chatfield, in the Rector for the time being of the Parish of Balcombe in the County of Sussex, in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Balcombe, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Parish; and for enabling the said Henry Chatfield to build a new Parsonage House upon the first mentioned Lands.

39. An Act for establishing and effectuating an Exchange made between the Reverend Egerton Robert Neve, Rector of Middleton Stoney, in the County of Oxford, and the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford, and George Bainbridge Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Middleton Stoney aforesaid.

40. An Act for rendering valid the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Argyll, and a Salmon Fishing in the County of Inverness, of George Marquis of Tweeddale, made under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

41. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Reverend Sir Charles John Anderson Baronet, in the County of York, in Trustees to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts.

43. An Act for vesting the undivided Parts or Shares of Robert Boyd the Younger, John Boyd and Uriah Boyd, Infants, of and in certain settled Estates in the Parishes of Charlton and Woolwich, in the County of Kent, in Trustees for Sale, and for inverting the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Boynton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates.

45. An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, for certain other Estates belonging to him in Fee Simple, situate in the Counties of York, Westmorland and Durham.

46. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Trust Estates devised by the Will of Philip Burton Esquire, deceased.

47. An Act for vesting a certain Settled Estate of Ann Sylvester and others, in Westcott, over Westcott and Nether Westcott, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

48. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable George Granville Leveson Gower, commonly called Earl Gower, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, which he has incurred by sitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Houghton with Castleford, in the Parish of Castleford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

50. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Merton, called Merton Common, in the County of Surrey.

51. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cheddar, Priddy and Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Larling, in the County of Norfolk.

53. An Act for making an Allotment or Allotments of Land, in lieu of Tithes and Common Rights, within the Parish of Goddington, in the County of Oxford.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cleator, in the County of Cumberland.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir George Hilare Barlow Baronet, Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Bath, with Dame Eliza, otherwise Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Downton and Britford, in the County of Wilts.

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Morley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Gilligate, in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the County of Durham.

59. An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Tract of Waste Land, called Minith Wood, in the Parish of Linridge, in the County of Worcester.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Newton, in the Parish of Clodock, in the County of Hereford.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the County of Hereford.

62. An Act for naturalising David Engelhart.

63. An Act for settling and securing the Lands and Estates of Wester Kinnaird, Drumnacarff, Craignuisk, Portinsock, Balnaguard, Balnavert and Wester and Easter Logierait and Killiechangie, and other Hereditaments in the County of Perth, to and in favour of John Duke of Atholl, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by John late Duke of Atholl, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed, and in lieu thereof for vesting certain Parts of the Estates entailed by the said John late Duke of Atholl, lying in the said County, in the said John Duke of Atholl, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township and Manor of Hawkswick, in the Parish of Arncliff, in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Allesley, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Buckden and Starbotton, in the Parishes of Arncliffe and Kettlewell, in the County of York.

67. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Dunduff and Kirkbride, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Ayr, to and in favour of Thomas Kennedy, of Dunure, in the said County, Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a Deed of Entail and Nomination of Heirs made by Thomas Kennedy, some time of Dunure, Esquire, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed, and in lieu thereof, vesting certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Dunure, in the said County, in the said Thomas Kennedy, now of Dunure, and his Heirs and Assignees, in Fee Simple.

68. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty, Lands in the Parish of Everley, in the County of Wilts.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crudwell, in the County of Wilts.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes, Townships or Liberties of Roade and Ashton, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof.

71. An Act for inclosing Black Lyne Common, in the Parish of Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland.

72. An Act for amending and rendering effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex.

73. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Klein.

74. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Church of the Parish of Bagendon, in the County of Gloucester, belonging to Joseph Pitt Esquire, for a Right which the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College, within the City and University of Oxford, of the Foundation of Queen Elizabeth, have in the Nomination of a Curate to the Curacy of the Impropriate Rectory of Cheltenham, in the said County, also belonging to the said Joseph Pitt.

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Abdy Baronet, with Dame Anne Abdy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor, otherwise Eleanor, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

