Private Acts passed in 1817, 57 George 3 c.1 - c.64.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1817.
---

1. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Somerset.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eriswell, in the County of Suffolk.

3. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the County of York.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cofton, otherwise Coston Hackett, in the County of Worcester.

5. An act for repealing certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Aspatria, and in the several Parishes of Aspatria, Brumfield and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the said Act.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Burton Salmon in the Parish of Monkfrystone, in the County of York.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Willey, in the Parish of Presteign, in the County of Hereford.

9. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Edward Gilbert Esquire, otherwise Edward Scott Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An act for allotting Lands in the Township or Liberty of Littlemore, in the Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Yeftley, otherwise Iffley, in the County of Oxford.

12. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Easton on the Hill, in the County of Northampton.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Trawden, in the Chapelry of Colne, and Parish of Whalley, in the County of Lancaster.

14. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townships or Divisions of Underbarrow and Bradleyfield, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.

15. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of John Seacome, and now held in undivided Shares, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them according to their respective Rights and Interests in lieu of such Shares.

16. An act to enable the Trustees for the time being of the Charity Estates of William Hickey, deceased, situate in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

17. An act for confirming and establishing the Sales made by Ann Fish Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the Estates devised to them for Sale by the Will of John Fish Esquire.

18. An act for inclosing Ramsdown and Liddaton Down Commons, in the Parish of Milton Abbott, in the County of Devon.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Township of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York.

20. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parishes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fornham Saint Genoveve, otherwise Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

21. An act for vesting in Trustees in Fee Simple, in Trust for Samuel Robert Gaussen Esquire, discharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interests, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable John Lord Ossulston deceased.

22. An act for vesting the Settled Estates of William Lister Fenton Scott Esquire in Trustees, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Seaforth and others, situated in the County of Ross, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions which affect or may be made to affect the said Entailed Estates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leases and Feus of Parts of the said Entailed Estates.

24. An act to authorize the Trustees of the deceased James Schaw to grant Building Leases and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Preston, to sell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

25. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hollington, in the several Parishes of Longford and Brailsford, in the County of Derby.

26. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fulbrook, in the County of Oxford.

27. An act to enable James Rocheid Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Inverleith, to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.

28. An act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Kent, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, for an Estate in the same County, devised by the Will of Thomas Holmes.

29. An act for making a Partition of the Estates of Lostock, Anderton, Heaton, Horwich, Rumworth and Adlington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the late Henry Blundell Esquire.

30. An act for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Gell Esquire, of certain of the Settled Estates of Philip Gell Esquire deceased, in the County of York, for other Estates in the County of Derby.

31. An act for effectuating an Exchange between Richard Peter Whish Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Meesden, otherwise Missenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gaussen Esquire, of the Rectory House and Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Rectory, for a House and Lands in the said Parish of Meesden, otherwise Missenden, belonging to the said Armytage Gaussen.

32. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorset and York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money thence arising (after Payment of certain specific Incumbrances) in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

33. An act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease of certain Messuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Giles without Cripplegate, in the said City, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned; and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for repairing and otherwise improving the same.

34. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the Townships of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parishes of Stavely and Dronfield, in the County of Derby.

35. An act for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common Wood, in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt, otherwise Lyons, in the County of Denbigh.

36. An act for vesting a certain Estate, late of Peter Walkden of Chorley in the County of Chester, Yeoman, deceased, situate in Chorley aforesaid, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

37. An act to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parish of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to sell and convey in Fee Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.

38. An act for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reversion Expectant of certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Chester, late of Sir Lister Holte Baronet, deceased, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Esquire; and for vesting such Estates and Property in Trustees, to convey and assure the same according to the said Agreement.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Harbridge, in the County of Southampton.

40. An act for naturalizing Ulric Theodore Hemmingson.

41. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fulstow, in the County of Lincoln.

42. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

43. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Studley, in the County of Warwick.

44. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Worsbrough in the County of York.

45. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Emneth, in the County of Norfolk.

46. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing the Commonable Lands in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester.

47. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hempnall, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An act for vesting certain Parts of the Barony of Pitsligo, in the County of Aberdeen, comprized in a Deed of Entail executed by Francis Garden of Troup Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in the Acquisition of other Estates, to be settled upon the same Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail.

49. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Entailed Estate of Tranent, and others, in the Constablulary of Haddington and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, belonging to William Cadell Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

50. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Salt and Enson, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Stafford.

51. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Township of Beadlam, in the Parish of Helmsley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

52. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Morris Bailey Esquire, Major in His Majesty's Thirtieth Regiment of Foot, and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, and Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, with Henrietta Bailey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Edward William Campbell Rich Owen with Dame Elizabeth Owen his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An act to exonerate from Portions certain Hereditaments in Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, belonging to Richard Emery Esquire.

55. An act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, to accept a Surrender of the existing Lease, and to grant more extensive Leases of Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

56. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

57. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Oliver Smith Esquire with Harriet his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for naturalizing Matthew Seyzinger.

59. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session to sell the Entailed Estate of Pitlochie, lying in the County of Fife, belonging to William Murray Esquire, of Touchadam and Pitlochie, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of the Lands and Estate of Cockspow, in the County of Stirling, belonging to the said William Murray, in Fee Simple, and lying contiguous to certain other Entailed Estates belonging to the said William Murray, to be entailed in lieu of the said Estate of Pitlochie.

60. An act to amend an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Strensham, in the County of Worcester.

61. An act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Kinninmonth or Kinmount and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queensberry, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed; and for vesting in lieu thereof certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Tinwall, Mousewald, and others, in the said County, in the said Charles Marquis of Queensberry, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

62. An act to enable Edward Beevor the Elder, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Lombe, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lombe Baronet, deceased.

63. An act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llandilofawr and Talley, in the County of Carmarthen.

64. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to disolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor otherwise Eleanor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.
