Private Acts passed in 1818, 58 George 3 c.1 - c.66.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1818.
---

1. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Middlesex.

2. An act for enabling the Trustees acting under Letters Patent granted by King Charles the Second, to dispose of certain old Almshouses and other Premises, held in Trust for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for vesting Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, at or near Camden Town, in the said Trustees, as a Site for erecting new, Almshouses thereon; and for other Purposes.

3. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Laverstock, including the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Damerham South, in the County of Wilts.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warsop, in the County of Nottingham.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thelnetham, in County of Suffolk.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in Middop otherwise Midhope, in the Parish of Ecclesfeld, in the County of York.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in Oxspring, in the Parish of Penistone, and County of York.

9. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Ainstable, in the Parish of Ainstable, in the County of Cumberland.

10. An act to amend an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isleworth, Heston and Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex.

11. An act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Noke, in the County of Oxford.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Erpingham, Colby, Banningham and Ingworth, in the County of Norfolk.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Itteringham, Oulton, Wickmere and Wood Dalling, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Melton otherwise Melton Saint Mary, and All Saints, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence, and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parish of Standish, both in the County of Gloucester.

16. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norbury, in the County of Derby.

17. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Marden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapelries, Townships and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.

18. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Moreton, in the County of Berks.

19. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Walsham-le-Willows, in the County of Suffolk.

20. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Etton, in the Parish of Etton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

21. An act to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned, to grant a Building Lease of certain Premises situate in High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey.

22. An act to enable the Trustees of Saint Paul's School, in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purposes.

23. An act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford, in the County of York, to sell the old School House, and to sell certain Lands belonging to the said Foundation, and to apply the Money arising by such Sales in the Building of a new School House, and in the Purchase of other Estates, to be vested in the Governors on the Trusts of the said Charity; and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building upon reserved Rents, or to make Building Leases of certain Parts of the Estates of the said School; and also to enable the Governors to increase the Number of Masters, and allow proper Salaries; and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors.

24. An act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Robert Harvey Esquire to John Harvey Esquire, under certain Limitations, for an Estate belonging to the said John Harvey Esquire, in Fee Simple, to be subjected to the like Limitations.

25. An act for dividing and alloting Lands in the Parish of Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk.

26. An act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

27. An act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Township of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York.

28. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kilmainham, Saint James, Clondalkin, Crumlin, Newcastle and Rathcoole, in the County of Dublin.

29. An act for extinguishing a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parish of Hurstborne Tarrant, in the County of Southampton; and for allotting and setting out a Part of the same, to be subject to a more extensive Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguished.

30. An act for empowering Trustees to join, as to One undivided Fourth Part of certain Estates devised by the Will of Edward Barnard Gentleman, deceased, in the Sale of the Entirety of the same Estates, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and also for enabling the same Trustees to join, as to the same undivided Fourth Part, in makings Partition of the same Estates; and also for empowering certain Trustees to join in granting Leases of the Entirety of the same Premises, and for other Purposes.

31. An act for repealing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were devised by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; and for vesting that Part and other Parts of the said Settled Estates in other Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Residue of the same Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

32. An act to render effectual a Conveyance of the legal Fee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parishes of Llanidloes, Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Esquire.

33. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lytchet Matravers and Lytchet Minster, in the County of Dorset.

34. An act for effecting and establishing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenough, Rector of Carlton in Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Galley Knight Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforesaid.

35. An act for vesting in the surviving and new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland of the Most Honourable Walter Marquis and Earl of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of Three Acts of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

36. An act for settling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, upon William Danly Esquire and Caroline his Wife, and their issue.

37. An act for confirming an Exchange of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hethersett, Spinster, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle John Barker Esquire, for certain Estates in the said Counties to which the said Sarah Hethersett and her Sisters, Jane Maria Hemsworth (Wife of Henry D'Esterre Hemsworth Esquire), Ann Amelia Hethersett Spinster, and Isabel Huntington (Wife of John Barker Huntington Esquire), became entitled by Descent from their Father James Hethersett Esquire.

38. An act for effecting the Sale of the settled Freehold of Thomas Leech the Elder, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lincoln, Kent and Surrey, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

39. An act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Sussex College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in Manner therein mentioned.

40. An act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Uploders in the Parish of Loders, in the County of Dorset.

41. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Telworth otherwise Talworth, in the Parish of Long Ditton, in the County of Surrey.

43. An act for naturalizing John Adam Schweickhert.

43. An act for naturalizing Martin Haberer.

44. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hensall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York.

45. An act for confirming a Partition and Division of certain Estates situate in the County of Pembroke, and in the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, late the Property of Barret Bowen Jordan Esquire, and for settling the Shares which upon the said Partition and Division were allotted to each of the Parties therein described, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

46. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Comberton, in the County of Worcester.

47. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Berwick Saint Leonard, in the County of Wilts.

48. An act for allotting, exchanging and inclosing Lands at Long Load, within the Parish of Martock, in the County of Somerset.

49. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ulceby with Fotherington otherwise Fordington, otherwise Forthington, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An act for inclosing certain Waste Lands in the Borough of Helleston, and the several Parishes of Wendron, Mawgan in Meneage, and Sithney, in the County of Cornwall.

51. An act for inclosing Week Moor, in the County of Somerset, and other Lands in the several Parishes of Curry Rivell, Drayton, Swell and Fivehead, in the said County.

52. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Woodmancot, Nutbourne and Prinsted, in the Parish of Westbourne, in the County of Sussex.

53. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish or Township of Wilsthorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

54. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tresham, in the Parish of Hawtesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

55. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bucknell and Clungunford, in the County of Salop.

56. An act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Froxfield and Fyfield, in the Parishes of Froxfield and Milton, in the County of Wilts.

57. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Leigh the younger, Gentleman, with Catherine Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for naturalizing Andrew Kaye.

59. An act for naturalizing Alexander Lewis Prevost.

60. An act for naturalizing Martin Diederich Rucker.

61. An act for naturalizing William Frederick Linsingen Count Linsingen.

62. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bickenhill and Little Packington, and in the Hamlet of Diddington, all in the County of Warwick.

63. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hackness, in the North Riding of the County of York.

64. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln

65. An act for naturalizing Alexis James Doxat.

66. An act to enable The Right Honourable Susan Charteris, commonly called Dowager Lady Elcho, to take and use the Surname of Tracy, and to bear the Coat of Arms of the Name and Family of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy Esquire, deceased.
