Private Acts passed in 1819, 59 George 3 c.1 - c.80.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1819.
---

1. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Bitton in the County of Gloucester. 760

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and Arlecdon, in the Parishes of Lamplugh and Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Clone and Manheim, in the County of Kildare. Ibid.

4. An act for facilitating Partition of the Estates of Charlotte Myddelton Biddulph Widow, the Honourable Frederick West and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddelton Spinster, whereof Partition has been decreed to be made by His Majesty's High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Rodborne, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts. 761

6. An act to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Curacy. Ibid.

7. An act for vesting a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trustees, for Georgiana Amelia Countess de Durfort, in trust for Sale. Ibid.

8. An act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

9. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bambrough, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

10. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of East Drayton, in the County of Nottingham. Page 761

11. An act to amend an Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey; and to determine the Boundary of the Parish of Beddington, and the adjoining Parish, upon a certain Common called Mitebam Common, Part whereof is intended to be inclosed under the said Act. Ibid.

12. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Martock and Muchelney, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

13. An act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Durrington, and in the Tithing of Knighton, in the Parish of Figheldean, in the County of Wilts. 762

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Rudham, West Rainham, and Helhoughton, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An act for inclosing Farington Moss, and other Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Farington, in the Parish of Penwortham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

16. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Peniston, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for the Commutation of Tithes within the same Township. Ibid.

17. An act for inclosing and leasing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, called Oker Hill and Gross Green, within the Township of Wensley and Snitterton, in the Parish of Darley, in the County of Derby; and for applying the Rents and Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the said Township. Ibid.

18. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Yelling, in the County of Huntingdon, and for making a Compensation for the Tithes. Ibid.

19. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanton Lacy and Bromfield, in the County of Salop. 763

20. An act to authorise the Sale of Lands settled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

21. An act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates heretofore of the said John Lyon. Ibid.

22. An act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hertford to rebuild the Almshouses of Saint Catherine's Hospital, in the Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that County. Ibid.

23. An act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to discharge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford. Ibid.

24. An act for empowering Trustees to sell certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of John Broadhurst Esquire, and to lay out the Purchase Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

25. An act for effecting an Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Worcester, in part devised by the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, and in part purchesed under the Directions thereof, for certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Hertford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Esquire. Page 763

26. An act for enabling William Archer Discon, and other the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leases of One Moiety of certain Freehold Lands called Spice Island, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

27. An act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Gorthy, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of David Stewart Moncreiffe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Payment of the Land Tax due out of the said Estate, and certain other Entailed Estates descendible to the Heirs taking under the said Deed; for purchasing and entailing other Lands more conveniently situated; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said Entailed Estates. 764

28. An act to confirm the Title of the Most Noble William Spencer Duke of Devonshire, to the Manors of Brindle and Inskip, and Estates in Brindle, Inskip and Eccleston, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

29. An act for inclosing Lands in Winton cum Barmston, and Barmston, in the Parish of Barmston, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

30. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Parish of Thornton in Craven, in the County of York. Ibid.

31. An act for inclosing Aldington Freight, otherwise Aldington Frith, in the Parish of Aldington, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

32. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

33. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harlington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

34. An act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gloucester, Worcester and Durham, devised by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. 765

35. An act for confirming and establishing Leases and Contracts for Leases made by the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Thomas Holloway Esquire, deceased, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates and Property; and for enabling them to make Leases and Contracts for Leases of other Parts of the same Estates and Property, in manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

36. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Walton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

37. An act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities of Joseph Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in the said Trustees so incorporated, Real and Personal Estates of the said Joseph Evans, for the Support of the said Charities. Ibid.

38. An act for vesting the Settled Estates of Lancelot Rolleston, Esquire, in Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 765

39. An act to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Esquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leases of Estates vested in him as Tenant in Tail Male; and for confirming certain Leases already granted by them. Ibid.

40. An act to enable the Committees of the Estate of Thomas Smyth Esquire to sign Consents to Leases of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for vesting Part of the Glebe in Trustees for Sale, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

41. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton in Hales, in the County of Salop. 766

42. An act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Hannah Pownall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale; and for investing the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

43. An act for vesting in Fee-simple in the Right Honourable.George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, certain Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain other Lands in the County of Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.

44. An act for vesting the Manor of Oram, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, Part of the Settled Estates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for vesting the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

45. An act for assisting the rebuilding of London House, belonging to the See of London. Ibid.

46. An act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Joseph Fayrer, and now held in undivided Shares, in a Trustee, to be sold; and for investing the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests, in lieu of such Shares. 770

47. An act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late Peter Bernard, Surgeon, to grant Building Leases of Land devised by his said Will, situated in the Town and County of Southampton.

48. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, far better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

49. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chulham and Westbourne, in the County of Sussex, and in the Parish of Warblington, in the County of Southampton.

51. An act to authorise the Cutting and Sale of a limited Quantity of Timber off the Estates of The Right Honourable John, late Lord Selsey, situated in the County of Sussex, for Payment of his Debts, and for imposing certain Restrictions on the cutting of Timber off the same Estates in future Years.

52. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Rawridge, and Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon.

53. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Firsby in the County of Lincoln.

54. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Sydling Saint Nicholas otherwise Broad Sydling, and Upsydling, in the County of Dorset.

55. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvechurch, in the County of Worcester.

56. An act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Hayden, Hayden Wick, and Moreden, in the Parish of Rodborne Cheney, in the County of Wilts.

57. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leasingham, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Over Whitacre, in the County of Warwick.

59. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Selsey, in the County of Sussex.

60. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cumberworth, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An act for inclosing Lands, within the Manors of Great Broughton and Little Broughton, in the Parish of Bridekirk, in the County of Cumberland.

62. An act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Greysouthen, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, and in the Parish of Brigham, in the County of Cumberland.

63. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Trelawny with Caroline his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Halford the Younger, Banker, with Sarah Toumay Halford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

65. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Procher Thomas, Clerk, with Arabella Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Clitherow Esquire, Captain in His Majesty's Third Regiment of Guards, and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, with Sarah Clitherow, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An act for vesting the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the Deeds of Entail made by Sir Andrew Ramsay of Abbotshall, and George Muirhead Writer in Edinburgh, lying in the Parish of Whittingham, and Constabulary or Sheriffdom of Haddington, and now by virtue of the said Entails in the Possession of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre in Trustees, in trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations, as are contained in the said Deeds of Entail; and for Payment to the said Robert Walter Lord Blantyre of what he has advanced for Redemption of the Land Tax of his entailed Estates.

68. An act for vesting in Edward Parkins Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Messuage, Lands and Hereditaments in Rifden, otherwise Rishden, otherwise Rushden, in the County of Hertford, discharged from the Uses limited by the Will of Edward Sparbaule Esquire, deceased, and by the Marriage Settlement of the said Edward Parkins; and for substituting and settling another Messuage, Lands and Hereditaments, in Herfordshire, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

69. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Bolton, in the Parish of Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Hoveton Saint John, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Oakley in the County of Buckingham.

72. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderton otherwise Aldrington, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof.

73. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Paulerspury, with the Hamlet of Heathencote in the same Parish, in the County of Northampton.

74. An act for inclosing Lands in Martindale, in the Parish of Barton, in the County of Westmorland.

75. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Solihull in the County of Warwick.

76. An act for allotting Lands in the Parish or Liberty of Shotover, in the County of Oxford.

77. An act for regulating the Appropriation of the Revenues of certain Trust Estates, given by Walter Stanley for pious Purposes; for effectuating in a more extensive and beneficial Manner the general Objects of the Trust; and making a Provision for, and regulating the Appointment of, a Minister of a new Church intended to be built at West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

78. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John William Dunn Esquire, with Elina Papps Dunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An act for effectuating an Exchange between the Lord Bishop of Norwich, and William Assheton Lord Suffield, of the Moieties of certain Advowsons in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

80. An act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into execution the Trusts and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Englefield, Baronet.
