Private Acts passed in 1820, 1 George 4 c.1 - c.68.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1820.
---

1. An Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of John Maddocks Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Blo' Norton, in the County of Norfolk.

3. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langset otherwise Langside, in the Parish of Peniston, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as regards the Allotment to William Payne Esquire.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Millom, in the County of Cumberland.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Smisby, in the County of Derby.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Tibenham and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Darton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Golcar in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

9. An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Skelding Moor, situate in the Parishes of Urswick and Aldingham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Barford, in the County of Bedford.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Wenham in the Parish of Rogate, in the County of Sussex.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Woodshaw, Greenhill and Nore Marsh, in the Parish of Wootton Bassett, in the County of Wilts.

13. An Act to enable the Trustees for the time being of certain Charity Estates, situate in the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surry, to grant building, repairing and other Leases thereof.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Selley, in the Parish of Llanvair Waterdine in the County of Salop.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Leighs, and the Hamlet of Chatley in the said Parish, in the County of Essex.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Eye in the County of Northampton; and for exonerating the same from Tithes.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Parishes and Manors of Preston Candover and Nutley, in the County of Southampton.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Princes Risborough in the County of Buckingham.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Robert Holden Esquire, situate at Darley near Derby, in the County of Derby, in Trust, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

20. An Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Edward Herbert, commonly called Viscount Clive, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Drigg, in the County of Cumberland.

22. An Act for Enclosing Lands in the Parish of Pennington, in the County of Lancaster.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chilfrome, in the County of Dorset.

24. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Naseby, in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Parish of Oakham in the County of Rutland.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Duffield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Famham, in the County of Essex, and of Bishop Stortford in the County of Hertford.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Little Marlow, in the County of Buckingham.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Blakeney, Wiveton and Glandford, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk.

31. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Benefield, in the County of Northampton.

32. An Act for vesting one Moiety of the Walcott Charity Estates, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the said Charity, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for enabling the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford, to sell and convey to the Trustees of the Will of Doctor John Radcliffe, a Piece of Ground in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Suburbs of the City of Oxford, and the Observatory and other Buildings thereon; and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of Lands; and for other Purposes.

34. An Act to enable the Trustees and Devisees of the Will of James Gunter, deceased, to grant Leases of Lands in the Parishes of Saint Luke, Chelsea, Fulham and Kensington, otherwise Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, in pursuance of Two Contracts entered into by the said James Gunter in his Lifetime; and to grant other Leases under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

35. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of the Kings College of Blessed Mary and St. Nicholas of Cambridge, and Wyrley Birch Esquire, of Estates in the County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for confirming and establishing the Settlement made by the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish Scott Duke of Portland, in pursuance of a Proviso contained in an Indenture or Articles executed previously to his Marriage with Henrietta Scott, now Duchess of Portland.

37. An Act for vesting the Manor of Hendon, and other Estates devised by the Will of John Bond Esquire, deceased, in other Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising Copyhold Estates holden of the said Manor; and for applying the Produce upon the Trusts declared by the said Will.

38. An Act for enabling the Trustees appointed by the Will of John Vernon Esquire, deceased, to sell certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

39. An Act for making effectual the Sale of Part of the Estates comprised in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Osmond Beauvoir Doctor in Divinity, and Mary Sharpe, Spinster, both deceased.

40. An Act for preventing the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and other Persons claiming under the Act for entailing certain Estates with the Earldom of Shrewsbury, from disturbing a certain Partition heretofore made of a small Part of those Estates by George late Earl of Shrewsbury.

41. An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Dean of Saint Paul, London, to Sir John Osborn Baronet and John Burt Esquire, dated the Twenty ninth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for establishing certain Derivative Leases granted by the Lessees.

42. An Act for enabling Sir James Fergusson of Kilkerran, Baronet, or the Heir of Entail in Possession of the Lands and Estate of Kilkerran, in the County of Ayr, under and by virtue of a certain Deed of Entail made by Sir Adam Fergusson of Kilkerran, Baronet, deceased, to exchange certain Parts of the Lands of Mochrumhill, the Lands of Caldwallstone, and others contained in the said Deed of Entail, fdr certain Parts of the Lands of Aird, and for the Lands of Glenshalloch and others, to be vested in the said Sir James Fergusson and the Heirs called to succeed to the said Lands of Mochrumhill and others, by the said Deed of Entail, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed.

43. An Act for establishing an Exchange of Lands in the County of Hereford, agreed upon between the Most Noble Charles late Duke of Norfolk, and the late William Matthews Esquire, with the Concurrence of the Committees of the Person and Estate of the Duchess Dowager of Norfolk, a Lunatic.

44. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Ckerhill, and certain Common Meadows and Common Field Lands in that Parish, and in the Parishes of Caine, Calstone-Wellington and Compton Bassett, in the County of Wilts. Page 57S

45. An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to make Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements and Lands, in the County of Pembroke, comprised in the Will of John Dunn Esquire, deceased, for other Estates, situate at East Moor in the said County of Pembroke.

46. An Act for empowering the Trustees of certain Estates devised by the Will of Sarah West Widow, deceased, to sell the same for the Purpose of discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

47. An Act for vesting the Kilkenny Estate (being Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Cornwallis Viscount Hawarden) in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in satisfying the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the said Kilkenny Estate, and also the Tipperary Estate (being an Estate settled to the same Uses), and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates in or near the County of Tipperary, to be settled to the existing Uses of the Kilkenny and Tipperary Estates.

46. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases; and for other Purposes; and also for granting further Powers to the Archbishop for the time being, in reference to such Leases; and also for enabling the Archbishop for the time being to grant Leases for working certain Veins of Coal belonging to the See of Canterbury.

49. An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Howling in the County of Gloucester, belonging to John Locke Stratton an Infant, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale, after Payment of Incumbrances, in the Purchase of other Estates for the Benefit of the Infant.

50. An Act for establishing the Deed of Conveyance and Assignment executed by Sir James Lawrence Cotter Baronet, Richard Kellett, Sir Richard Kellett Baronet, and William Augustus Kellett, late Bankers in the City of Cork, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and for obviating and removing certain Doubts relative to the Validity thereof, and for facilitating the Performance of the Trusts thereby declared.

51. An Act to relieve George Earl of Winchilsen and Nottingham from certain Disabilities, in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Temple Newsom, in the Parish of Whitkirk, in the West Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Whinfell, in the Parish of Brigham, in the County of Cumberland.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Codsall, in the County of Stafford.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Holme next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for naturalizing Marie Jeanne Massingberd.

57. An Act for naturalizing James Hervet d'Egville.

58. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Garey Harms.

59. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rackwitz.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Chapelry or Hamlet of Chessington, in the County of Surrey.

61. An Act for allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Meadows in the Parishes of Bishopstoke and South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton, and certain Commonable and Waste Lands in the Manors or Tithings of Bishopstoke, Great Allington, Little Allington, and the Honour of Ewelme, in the same Parishes.

62. An Act for allotting Lands within the Township or Liberty of Great Haseley, in the Parish of Haseley, in the County of Oxford.

63. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Andreus Ritterspack.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Upper Gravenhurst, Lower Gravenhurst, and Upper Stondon, in the County of Bedford.

65. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Henry Reimers.

66. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Pownoll Bastard Pellew Esquire, commonly called the Honourable Pownoll Bastard Pellew, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable Edward Lord Viscount Exmouth, with Eliza Harriett Pellew, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for naturalizing Christian Kramer.

68. An Act to relieve Robert Earl of Harborough from certain Disabilities, in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified, by taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

