Private Acts passed in 1821, 1 & 2 George 4 c.1 - c.59.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1821.
---

1. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Ivinghoe in the County of Buckingham.

2. An Act to extend, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence, and in the Hamlet or Tything of Putloe in the Parish of Standish, both in the County of Gloucester.

3. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands within the Parish of Great Dumford, in the County of Wilts.

4. An Act for dividing Lands in the Hamlet of Higham, in the County of Suffolk.

5. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Winchester to sell Winchester House in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of another Residence for the Bishops of Winchester, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Taynton, in the County of Oxford.

7. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Londesborough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Walesby, Kirton and Egmanton, in the County of Nottingham, and for exonerating the same, and also the old inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, from the Payment of Tithes.

9. An Act for carrying into effect a Contract entered into for the Sale of certain Copyhold Hereditaments, in the Townships of Backworth, Earsdon, Monkseaton and Preston, within the Manor of Tynemouth, in the County of Northumberland, the Estate of Ralph William Grey Esquire, to The Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Divisions of Kirkby Ireleth and of Lindale and Marton, in the Parish of Dalton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

11. An Act for embanking, draining, inclosing and improving certain Salt Marshes and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Burnham Norton, Burnham Deepdale and Burnham Overy, in the County of Norfolk.

12. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Manor and Township of Alsager, in the Parish of Barthondey, in the County of Chester.

13. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Worstead, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to sell such Parts of the Estates of Munshes and others, situated in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and in the County of Dumfries, which were entailed by John Maxwell Esquire, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment and Satisfaction of the Debts, Provisions and other Deeds of the Entailer.

15. An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and his Successors, to demise the Mansion House of Tallaght, with the Offices, Houses, Gardens and Demesne, situate at Tallaght, in the County of Dublin, belonging to the Archbishop of Dublin.

16. An Act to enable Mary Patten Bold the younger, and others, Devisees under the Will of Peter Patten Bold Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases of Coal Mines in the Township of Sutton, in the County of Lancaster, and Leases of Waste Lands in the Parish of North Meols, in the said County; and to authorize Trustees to fell Timber on the devised Estates, and lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses to which the same devised Estates are limited.

17. An Act for vesting certain Impropriate Tithes in the County of Surrey, strictly entailed by and under the Directions in the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish and Manor of Kenn, in the County of Devon. 55S

19. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Stoke D'Abernon, otherwise Stoke Dawborne, in the Parishes of Stoke D'Abernon, otherwise Stoke Dawborne, and Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Melbourne otherwise Waterville Esher, in the several Parishes of Esher and Cobham, or one of them, in the County of Surrey.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tallaght, Killsillaghan alias Killsoughan, and Luske in the County of Dublin.

22. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Manors of Broad Town and Thornhill, in the Parishes of Broad Hinton and Cliffe Pypard, in the County of Wilts.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bosham and Funtington, in the County of Sussex.

24. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish or Parishes of Bourton on the Hill, and Moreton in Marsh, in the County of Gloucester.

25. An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Duffield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending and explaining the said Act.

26. An Act to enable James Weller Ladbrooke Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands in Kensington, Paddington, Nottingbarns and Westborne, in the County of Middlesex.

27. An Act for obviating Doubts as to the Power of the surviving Devisees in Trust under the Will of Sir Drummond Smith Baronet, to convey in the Lifetime of Dame Elizabeth Smith his Widow, certain Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, situate in the Counties of Hertford and Buckingham, pursuant to a Contract entered into by the said Trustees and William Kay Esquire.

28. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of Sir Thomas Windsor Hunloke Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, and for enabling them to sell the Whole, or Part thereof, for the Purpose of discharging Incumbrances and creating a Fund to answer the Charges under his Will, and for other Purposes.

29. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Hinton Walrishf in the County of Berks, for other Lands in the same Parish, belonging to John Loder Symonds Esquire.

30. An Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of William Ormsby Gore Esquire and Mary Jane his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust to self, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in.the Purchase of more convenient Estates.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Whitley, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Easthampstead, in the County of Berks.

33. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrwst, in the several Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Piece of Land called King's Heath, or Malmsbury Common, situate hear the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts.

35. An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Vicarial Tithes and Payments in lieu thereof, payable to the Vicar of the Parish of Edgbaston, in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Farnham Royal, in the County of Buckingham.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whittington, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Logan, late of Knock-shinnoch, in the County of Ayr, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Proceeds thereof and of his Personal Estate to be applied in Payment of his Debts and the Provisions made for his Children; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in favour of the same Persons, and on the Conditions of the Deed of Entail executed by the said John Logan.

39. An Act to empower the Warden and Poor Men of the Hospital of The Holy and Undivided Trinity in East Greenwich, of the Foundation of Henry Howard Earl of Northampton, to sell certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to His Grace the Duke of Northumberland, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be subject to the like Uses.

40. An Act to enable the surviving Trustee under the Will of John Satterthwaite Esquire, deceased, to sell the Real Estates thereby devised, during the Lifetime of the Testator's Widow, and to pay the Purchase Monies into the Bank, to be applied under the Directions of the Court of Chancery.

41. An Act to enable the Trustees of an Estate at Rowley Regis in the County of Stafford, belonging to Deritend Chapel, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to demise the Mines under the same, and lay out the Money to arise therefrom in Lands, and apply the Rents in Manner therein mentioned.

42. An Act for enabling George Earl of Aberdeen and William Lord Bishop of London, the Guardians of James Marquis of Abercorn, a Minor, to make freehold Leases of his Estates in Ireland, during his Minority.

43. An Act for confirming a Partition of certain Estates in the County of Worcester, and for barring and otherwise disposing of the Estates Tail, and other Interests created by the Will of John Embury Esquire, deceased, in the said Estates, and for other Purposes.

44. An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Brownswood, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in London, to grant a Lease of the Manor of Brownswood, in the said County, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for building thereon, and otherwise improving the same, and for other Purposes.

45. An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate at Longdon, in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Thomas Jeffries Avarne, for an Estate at Abbots Bromley, in the said County, belonging to the Most Honourable Henry William Marquess of Anglesey.

46. AN Act for allotting Lands within the Hamlet or Township of Hailey, in the Parish of Witney, in the County of Oxford.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Stapleford Abbot, in the County of Essex.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tempster otherwise Tiertref in the County of Montgomery.

50. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Great Bookham, in the County of Surrey.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Basingham, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Little Barningham and Calthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tangmere, in the County of Sussex.

54. An Act for inclosing, dividing and allotting certain Common Land within the Parish of Felsted, in the County of Essex.

55. An Act for naturalizing Joze Luis Fernandes.

56. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange, contained in the Will of Francis Lloyd late of Domgay, in the County of Montgomery, Esquire, and for facilitating the Exercise of such Power.

57. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Barnwell All Saints, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Barnwell Saint Andrew, both in the County of Northampton.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Pattiswick Green, and other Waste Lands, within the Manor of Fering cum Pattiswick, and Parish of Pattiswick, in the County of Essex.

59. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable William Richard Annesley, commonly called Lord Viscount Glerawly, with the Honourable Isabella, commonly called Viscountess Glerawly, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

