Private Acts passed in 1822, 3 George 4 c.1 - c.59.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1822.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Cokaynes and Kelars, otherwise Rebandyshide, in the Parishes of Elmstead and Alresford in the County of Essex, bring a Member or Part of the Manor of Wivenhoe in the said County.

2. An act for carrying into Execution a Contract entered into by Christopher Fenwide Esquire, for the Sale of certain settled Copyhold Hereditaments in the Township of Earsdon, within the Manor of Tynemouth, in the County or Northumberland, to the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Brabourne, Smeeth, Bircholt and Sellinge, in the County of Kent.

4. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Seaton in the Parish of Camerton in the County of Cumberland, and in the Parish, Township or Hamlet of Flimby, in the said County.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Bobbington, in the several Counties of Stafford and Salop.

6. An act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Clifton Reynet in the County of Buckingham.

7. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes or Chapelries of Ellingham and Ibsley in the County of Southampton.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sturton, otherwise Sturton in the Clay, otherwise Sturton in the Steeple, and in the Parish or Chapelry of Littleborough, otherwise Littlebrough, in the County or Nottingham, and for exonerating the same, and also the old inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes respectively, from the Payment of Tithes.

9. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wingfield in the County of Wilts.

10. An act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between George Drake Esquire and others, and Samuel Parker, and to authorize the granting of Leases of Mines in the County of Cornwall.

11. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Ker Esquire, and Jane his Wife, in the County of Northumberland (contracted to be sold to the Most Noble the Duke and Earl of Northumberland), upon Trust to complete the sale thereof, and to apply the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the same Estates.

12. An act for vesting the Lands and Barony of Dryden, and certain other, entailed Estates of Sir Charles Macdonald Lockhart Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to he entailed in a similar Manner.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Dalton, in the Parish of South Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

14. An act for indosing Lands in the Parish of Teweresy in the County of Buckingham.

15. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part of the Entailed Estate of Ord in the County of Ross in Scotland, now belonging to Thomas Mackenade Esquire, of Ord, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same.

16. An act to enable the Lord Bishop of Limerick and his Successors to demise the Office Houses, Gardens and Demesne, situate at Conigar in the County of Limerick, belonging to the Lord Bishop of Limerick.

17. An act to authorise the Sale and Conveyance Of Ground for the Enlargement of the Public Library and Lecture Rooms in ithe University of Cambridge, and for the Erection of an Astronomical Observatory in or near the said University, and of a Museum for the Preservation of the Pictures, Books and other Articles bequeathed to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University by Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam, deceased.

18. An act for enabling the Trustee under the Will of the late William Tuffnell Esquire, to reduce the Fines for the Copyholds held of the Manor of Barnersbury, devised by his Will, as an Encouragement to the Tenants to build thereon; to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the devised Estates; and for other Purposes.

19. An act to enable the Master or Guardian of the Charity called Plumpire Hospital in the Town of Nottingham, to sell Part of the Estate belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in Manner therein mentioned; and to raise Money by Mortgage of the Residue of the said Charity Estate; and to grant Building or Repairing Leases thereof.

20. An act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe, and the Master and Fellows of Catherine Hall, in the University of Cambrige.

21. An act for restraining the Bishop of Saint David's and his Successors from granting Leases of the Tithes of Llangammarch in the County of Brecknock, Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan, Llangadoch in the County of Carmarthen, and Gluscomb in the County of Radnor, beyond the Term therein mentioned; and for annexing the Tithes of the Consolidated living of Llanarth and Llanina to the Possessions of the said See, allowing One third of the annual Profits thereof to the Vicar.

22. An act for carrying into Effect a Partition of Real Estates devised by the Will of John Bacon Esquire, and other Purposes relating to such Estates.

23. An act for modifying and extending the Purposes specified in a Deed of Destination, executed by Andrew Fletcher and John Mackenzie Esquires; and for building and establishing an Hospital for Destitute Children in the City of Edinburgh.

24. An act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates in the County of York, devised by the Will of Beilby Thompson Esquire, deceased, and Part of the Freehold Estates in the same County, devised by the Will of Richard Thompson Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

25. An act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Barrett Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the clear Money arising therefrom (under the Direction of the Court of Chancery) in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

26. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of poor Children in the County Palatine of Durham.

27. An act to enable the Ministers of the Parish of Saint Cuthbert's, Edinburgh, in the County of Mid Lothian, to feu their Glebe Lands in the said Parish.

28. An act for inclosing a certain Common or Tract of Waste Land called Burlish Common, in the Manor and Chapelry of Lower Mitton, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the common, waste and uninclosed Lands within the Manor and Township of Dringhouses in the County of the City of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate within the Townships of Dringhouses, Middlethorpe and Clementhorpe, in the said County of the City, and within such Parts of the Suburbs of the City of York, as are comprised in the Division of the same City called Micklegate Ward.

30. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dinton in the County of Wilts.

31. An act for settling upon the President, Fellows and Scholars of Trinity College, in the University of Oxford, and upon the Rector of the Parish of Dumbleton in the County of Gloucester, certain perpetual Rent Charges issuing out of the Estate of the Right Honourable John Sommers Earl Sommers in Dumbleton, and for vesting certain Lands there in the said Rector, and for vesting certain Tithes and Lands belonging to the said College and Rector respectively in the Mortgagees of the said Earl, subject to Equity of Redemption.

32. An act for vesting certain settled Estates of Edward Berkeley Napier an Infant, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Produce in the Discharge of Incumbrances upon certain devised Estates of the said Edward Berkeley Napier, and others; and for vesting Part of the said devised Estates in Mary Napier Widow, during her Life, in lieu of her Life Estate in the said settled Premises.

33. An act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas William Viscount Anson, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, in Trust, to carry into execution Contracts already entered into for Sale of Parts of the same Estates, and to sell the other Parts thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the said Sales in the Manner therein mentioned.

34. An act to authorize the Sale of certain Copyhold Messuages and Hereditaments of Charles Firchild, his Wife and Children, in the Manor of Meer and Forton, in the County of Stafford, in Performance of a Contract for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Purchase Money on other Estates to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes.

35. An act for vesting certain settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Cotton St. John Baron Clinton and Saye, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses.

36. An act for assisting the Sale, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, of Part of the Estates of the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, deceased, devised by his Will.

37. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Duxford Saint John, and Duxford Saint Peter, in the County of Cambridge.

38. An act to enable the Rector and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster for the time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory.

39. An act to enable Kitty Jenkyn Packe Reading, Wife of Charles William Packe of Lowesby Hall in the County of Leicester Esquire, to use and bear the Arms of Reading, in compliance with the Provisions of the Will of Jenkyn Reading Esquire, deceased.

40. An act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wild.

41. An act for naturalizing Theresa Arneman.

42. An act for naturalizing Philip Novelli.

43. An act to dissolve the Marriage of sir John Milley Doyle, Knight Commander of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath, and Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, with Mary Doyle his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An act for naturalizing Catherine Caroline Scellier Satis.

45. An act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wuck.

46. An act for naturalizing William Gordon Coesvelt.

47. An act for naturalizing John Henry Koch.

