Private Acts passed in 1823, 4 George 4 c.1 - c.41.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1823.
---

1. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Croydon in the County of Surrey.

2. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Molyneux Seel Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of a more convenient and compact Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Quarter of Oulton, in the Parish of Wigton in the County of Cumberland.

4. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving a certain Moor or Open Pasture called Hawdon Field, otherwise Brown Moor, in the Parish of Warden in the County of Northumberland.

5. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for dividing, allotting, inclosing and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newland, in the Parish of Ulverston in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Burton, otherwise Cherry Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thame and Sydenham in the County of Oxford.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Whitwell and Selside, Skelsmergh and Crook, in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland.

10. An Act for settling and securing Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Invermay in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Alexander Hepburn Belshes Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by Barbara Hepburn and others, and Sir Patrick Hepburn Murray, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Barony and Estate of Blackcastle, in the Counties of Haddington and Berwick, in the said Alexander Hepburn Belshes, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

11. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Provost and Scholars of the Kings College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas of Cambridge, and the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of the College or Hall commonly called Clare Hall in the University of Cambridge.

12. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing and improving Beam Heath in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich in the County Palatine of Chester.

13. An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Buck Clerk and Margaret his Wife, and the Survivor of them, to grant Leases of a Moiety of the Coal Mines within the Estates devised by the Will of John Hull deceased, in the County of Lancaster.

14. An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Wilts, whereof John Biddulph Esquire and Augusta his Wife, and Philip Jones Esquire and Sarah his Wife, have joint Power of Disposition, for Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, settled by the Will of Sarah Richards, in trust for the same Parties and their Children.

15. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estate in the Parish of Stone in the County of Stafford (to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail), for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett.

16. An Act for confirming certain Exchanges made by Sir George Thomas Baronet, deceased, and George White Thomas Esquire, deceased, of Estates at Yapton, Walberton, Madehurst, Bitsham and Climping, in the County of Sussex.

17. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, of Estates in the County of Sussex.

18. An Act for enabling the President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer and Members of the Philanthropic Society to purchase from the Corporation and other Persons entitled thereto the Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, upon which they have erected a Chapel, Buildings and other Works, and such other Land adjoining thereto as may be required for the Purposes of their Charity.

19. An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the entailed Estate of Wemyss in the Counties of Fife and Perth; and to sell the said Estate, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens.

20. An Act for vesting in Trustees an Estate in the Parish of Chieveley in the County of Berks, devised in strict Settlement by the will of William Capell Esquire, deceased, and afterwards contracted to be sold by him, in order to effectuate the Sale thereof agreeably to such Contract.

21. An Act for exchanging certain Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Guise Baronet, in strict Settlement, for certain other Estates in the County of Gloucester; and for vesting other Parts of the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances, and for other Purposes.

22. An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter's Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Congerston, otherwise Congeston, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Viscount Wentworth in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same to the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Howe, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, or one of them, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

25. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land and other Hereditaments belonging to Sidney Sussex College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines; and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in Manner therein mentioned.

26. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Sir William East Baronet, deceased, and Tenants under the See of Canterbury, to join in Grants of Building and Repairing Leases with the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, of Lands in Lambeth Marsh held under the said See.

27. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts of the Dominium directum or Superiority of the entailed Estate of Park in the County of Banff, presently belonging to Thomas Gordon Esquire of Park, and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same in the Payment of the Debts affecting the said Estate.

28. An Act for changing the Site of the Hospital at Sheffield in the County of York, founded by the Right Honourable Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury; and for the better regulation of the Affairs of that Charity.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward Mynors Esquire, situate in the Counties of Stafford and Leicester, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

30. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Baslow and Hamlets of Bubnell, Curbar and Froggatt, all in the said Manor of Baslow, and in the Parish of Bakewell in the County of Derby.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Hoff and Hoff Row, and Drybeck, in the Manor of Drybeck, Hoff Row and Netherhoff, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland.

32. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Allardyce Esquire with Dorothy Allardyce his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for naturalizing Augustus Frederick William Hoffmann.

34. An Act for confirming an Agreement between Sir John Pakington Baronet, and the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Henry Coventry Esquire, deceased, for charitable Purposes.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abthorpe in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for naturalizing Philip Frederick Tinne.

37. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Christian Boode, and his Two infant Children Phebe Boode and John Christian Boode.

38. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Henry Cunliffe Esquire with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again.

39. An Act for naturalizing Henry Robert Ferguson.

40. An Act for naturalizing Francis AUegati.

41. An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Trustees, in the Settlements made of Estates belonging to Richard Benyon de Beauvoir Esquire, pursuant to the Will of Richard Benyon Esquire, his late Father, deceased.

