Private Acts passed in 1824, 5 George 4 c.1 - c.53.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1824.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Snelston in the County of Derby.

2. An act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of Henry Bache Thornhill Esquire, deceased, to sell the Manor of Pleasley in the County of Derby, with divers Estates within the Parish and Manor of Pleasley, and for applying the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Derby, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wenden Lofts and Elmdon in the County of Essex, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parishes.

4. An act to amend an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for confirming certain Sales and Purchases made by the Governors, of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and to enable them to grant building Leases of certain of their Estates, and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Estates of Inheritance, devised by the Will of Robert Stone Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for selling or leasing the same or any Part thereof, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long Crendon in the County of Buckingham.

7. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands and Commonable Woods, of and within the several Tithings of Pamber and Inhurst, in the respective Parishes of Pamber and Baughurst in the County of Southampton.

8. An act for abolishing certain Vicarial Tithes and Offerings, within the Parish of Leeds in the County of and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

9. An act for inclosing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Ulceby in the Wapentake of Yarborough in the County of Lincoln.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Alveton, otherwise Alton, and the Parish of Bradley in the Moors in the County of Stafford.

11. An act for building a Chapel in the Eastern Parts of the Town of Brighthemleston in the County of Sussex.

12. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Bincombe in the County of Dorset.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Ferriby, Swanland, Kirk Ella, West Ella and Willerby, in the Parishes of Ferriby and Kirk Ella in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

14. An act for inclosing Lands within the Royal Town, Manor and Lordship of Sutton Coldfield, and the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of High Abbotside, and in the Township of Lower Abbotside and Manor of Dalegrange, otherwise Lower Abbotside, in the Parish of Aisgarth, in the County of York.

16. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates situated in the County of Stirling, which were entailed by Sir Archibald Edmonstone of Duntreath Baronet, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same.

17. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell Parts of the entailed Estates of George Earl of Galloway, situated in the Shire of Wigton and Stewartry of Kircudbright, for Payment and Satisfaction of certain Debts incurred by the said Earl prior to the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

18. An act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Estates of Sir Thomas Smyth Baronet, situate in the County of Essex, in Trustees for Sale, and for investing the Proceeds thereof in the Purchase of Lands lying intermixed with other Estates in the said County, standing settled to the like Uses; and also for effectuating the Exchange of Part of such last mentioned Estates for certain Glebe Lands belonging to the United Rectories of Thoydon Mount and Stapelford Tawney in the said County; and for other Purposes.

19. An act for vesting the Estates of Colin Campbell, late of Kilmartine in the County of Argyle, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Proceeds thereof to be applied in Payment of his Debts remaining due; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in favour of the same Persons, and on the Conditions of the Deed of Entail executed by the said Colin Campbell.

20. An act to enable the Vicar for the Time being of the Parish and Parish Church of Eccles in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

21. An act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the entailed Estate of Holmains in the Sheriffdom of Dumfries, presently belonging to James Charles Macrae Esquire of Holmains, as may be necessary for discharging the Debts and Burdens affecting the said Estate.

22. An act for settling the Lands of Chilcarroch and others in the Sheriffdom of Wigton, to and in favour of Sir William Maxwell Baronet, and the Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail by Sir William Maxwell Baronet, deceased, under the Conditions and Limitations in the said Deed, and for vesting in lieu thereof certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Drummodie in the said Sheriffdom, in certain Trustees nominated by the said Sir William Maxwell deceased, for the Purposes of the Trust; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act for uniting the Rectory of Clifton Maybank otherwise Clifton in the County of Dorset, with the Vicarage of Bradford Abbas otherwise Bradford, in the same County; and for an Exchange of Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Vicarage for Lands of the Most Honourable Henry William Marquess of Anglesey, and the Right Honourable Henry Paget commonly called Earl of Uxbridge, his eldest Son, in the same Parish; and for apportioning the Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes of the said Parish of Milborne Port; and for an Exchange between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, and the said Marquess and Earl, of the Manor and Impropriate Rectory and Advowson of the Vicarage of Milborne Port in the County of Somerset, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Milborne Port, for the Manor of Sherborne Wyke, and divers Farms and Lands and Impropriate Tithes in the Parishes of Sherborne, Bradford Abbas, and Thomford, in the County of Dorset, and for the Advowsons of the said Rectory of Clifton Maybank and Vicarage of Bradford Abbas.

24. An act to enable the Right Honourable Eleanor Countess Grosvenor and the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Estates devised by the Wills of the Right Honourable Thomas late Earl of Wilton, and the Right Honourable Eleanor late Countess of Wilton, both deceased, to make Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years, of certain Parts of the said Estates, for building on or improving the same, under reserved Yearly Rents.

25. An act for effecting an Exchange of the undivided Moiety of certain Estates in the Parish of Audley in the County of Stafford, settled by the Will of Catharine Toilet Widow, and now in the Possession of Lawrence Armitstead Esquire, for a certain other Estate in the County of Chester, belonging to the said Lawrence Armitstead, in Fee Simple, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

26. An act to enable Sir Charles Morgan Baronet, with the Licence of Sir Charles Joshua Smith Baronet, or other the Person or Persons claiming under a Settlement made on his Marriage with Dame Belinda his Wife, late Belinda Colebrook, Spinster, to grant building Leases of certain Copyhold Lands held of the Manor of Stebbunheath otherwise Stepney in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to Contracts entered into by the said Sir Charles Morgan; and to enable the said Sir Charles Joshua Smith, and other Persons claiming under the said Settlement, to licence the granting of Leases of other Copyhold Lands within the said Manor, for a longer Term of Years than authorized by the Custom of the said Manor.

27. An act to give Powers of Sale over the Estates devised by the Will of Ambrose Proctor of Ware in the County of Hertford, Gentleman, deceased, for the Purpose of obtaining a more connected and convenient Estate, to be settled to the existing Uses of his Will; and of changing and appointing new Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

28. An act to commute for a Corn Rent certain Tithes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster.

29. An act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanvihangel Generglyn and Llanganfelin in the County of Cardigan.

30. An act for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate without Walmgate Bar, in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York.

31. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Lands and Waste Grounds, called the Town and Undivided Lands of Castle Island in the County of Kerry.

32. An act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty Lands in the Districts or Tithings of Potterne and Marston, within the Parish of Potterne in the County of Wilts; and for vesting Part of the said Lands situate in Potterne in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of that Part of the said Parish.

33. An act to enable the Devisees under the Will of Thomas James Warren Lord Viscount Bulkeley, deceased, to grant building and repairing Leases of Parts of the devised Estates, and to establish and render valid and effectual a Term of Five hundred Years, limited or intended to have been limited by the said Will for the Purposes thereby intended.

34. An act for enabling certain Estates in England of the Most Honourable Walter late Marquis of Ormonde, deceased, to be sold, and the Proceeds arising therefrom, after Payment of certain Charges and Incumbrances, to be applied in Reduction of the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the Family and other Estates in Ireland, late of the said Marquis of Ormonde; and for enabling the said last mentioned Estates to be settled, subject to the unliquidated Charges and Incumbrances thereon, to the subsisting Uses and Powers of the Estates in England sold under the Authority of this Act, and with additional Provisions to be inserted in such Settlement.

35. An act to carry into complete Effect certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between John Lord Bishop of London, since deceased, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Sir Frederick Treise Morshead Baronet, Sir John Morshead Baronet, since deceased, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Selina Thistlethayte, since deceased, and the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal.

36. An act for vesting the Manor of Keymer in the County of Sussex, and certain other Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of James Cooke Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for authorizing the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Estates holden of the said Manor; for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances; and for laying out Part of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu of the settled Moiety of the said Manor and other Hereditaments, and to the same Uses as that Moiety is settled.

37. An act for extending to other Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant building Leases and repairing Leases.

38. An act to empower the Governors and Corporation of Etwall Hospital and Repton Free School in the County of Derby, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity, and to make Sales, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Chester, devised by the Will of Nathaniel Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for authorizing the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

40. An act for dissolving a certain Partnership called The Kent Life Assurance and Annuity Institution or Company, and for satisfying the Engagements entered into on Behalf of the same Institution, and dividing the Surplus of the Capital belonging to the same Institution, amongst the Holders of Shares of the same Capital.

41. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain uninclosed Lands in the Hamlet or Village of Chindley in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby.

42. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Camerton in the County of Cumberland.

43. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tarrant Hinton in the County of Dorset.

44. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Parish of West Drayton in the County of Middlesex.

45. An act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Sturminster Newton Castle in the County of Dorset.

46. An act for reversing the Attainder of William late Viscount Stafford.

47. An act for the Restoration of John Francis Erskine of Mar, to the Dignity and Title of Earl of Mar.

48. An act for the Restoration of James Drummond Esquire, to the Dignity and Title of Viscount of Strathallan.

49. An act for the Restoration of John Gordon Esquire, of Kenmure, to the Dignity and Title of Viscount Kenmure.

50. An act for the Restoration of William Nairne Esquire, to the Dignity and Title of Lord Nairn.

51. An act for confirming the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Manor of Howle in the County of Salop, so far as relates to certain Allotments made to John Jellicorse Esquire, deceased, and other Lands purchased by him and William Jellicorse Esquire, his Son.

52. An act for naturalizing John Peter Christian Siller.

53. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Scott Wilson, a Captain in the East India Company's Military Service, with Clarissa Phillipina his now Wife, and to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

