Private Acts passed in 1825, 6 George 4 c.1 - c.80.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1825.
---

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Stock and Bradley, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Norfolk.

3. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Commonable Lands called Southcot and Kepnal Down, within the Manor of Southcot and Kepnal, in the Parish of Pewsey, in the County of Wilts.

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement of Estates, in the County of Lancaster, settled upon Robert Robottom of Abram, in the said County, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and their Issue, to grant Leases of Coal Mines of such Estates.

5. An Act for vesting in new Trustees, upon and subject to the subsisting Trust, certain Lifehold Estates in Brewood, in the County of Stafford, which were vested in the Reverend John Henry Powell Clerk, deceased.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parishes of Hockering and Morton, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dearham, in the County of Cumberland.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain stinted Pasture called Carsington Hill, in the Parish of Carsington, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Frampton Cotterell, in the County of Gloucester.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Garford, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks.

11. An Act for inclosing certain Commons or Moors and Waste Lands within the Manors of Becca and Abeford, in the Parish of Abeford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parishes of Glooston and Cranoe, in the County of Leicester.

13. An Act to amend, explain and confirm an Act made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estate, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, (to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail,) for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett.

14. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estate of Ruskie, and certain other entailed Lands of Sir Evan John Murray M'Gregor of M'Gregor, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed under the Conditions and Limitations contained in Deeds of Entail executed by the late Sir John McGregor Murray Baronet.

15. An Act for vesting the Fee of certain Settled Estates, late of Ann Elizabeth Meyrick, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, upon Trust to complete Sales made and to be made thereof, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery.

16. An Act to enable the Honourable George Cadogan and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes.

17. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Henry Cadogan, Earl Cadogan, a Lunatic, to pull down a Mansion House, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the said Settled Estates, and to sell the Materials thereof; and to enable the Committee or Committees for the Time being of the Estate of the said Earl Cadogan, and the other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of the Site of the said Mansion House, and its Offices and Appurtenances, and for other Purposes.

18. An Act for enabling the Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Chelsea, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Glebe Lands and Premises belonging to the said Rectory, and for other Purposes.

19. An Act for exchanging Part of the Entailed Lands and Estate of the Right Honourable John Earl of Hopetoun, situated in the County of Linlithgow, in Scotland, for Part of the Entailed Lands and Estate of James Dundas Esquire of Dundas, also situated in the said County of Linlithgow.

20. An Act for enabling the Trustees in the Will of Dorothy Clowes Widow, deceased, to grant Leases of Part of the Estates thereby devised, for building upon or improving the same.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wilton, Burcomb, Netherhampton and Fugglestone Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts.

22. An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Cockerham, in the County of Lancaster.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty Lands in the Parish of West Ilsley, in the County of Berks.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Winterbourne in the County of Gloucester.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing and reducing to a Stint, and improving certain uninclosed Commons and Waste Grounds and Fens, within the Manor and Parish of Orsett, in the County of Essex.

26. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Hamlet of East Santon, otherwise Upper Santon, in the Parish of Appleby, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act to enable Building Leases to be granted of Part of the Settled Estates of Jacob Earl of Radnor, in the Parish of Folkestone, and in the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, and in the Parish of Cheriton, in the County of Kent, and in the Precinct of White Friars, and in the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West, in the City of London.

28. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Dick Lauder Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Grange, to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.

29. An Act for establishing certain Leases, granted by Sir Lawrence Vaughan Palk Baronet, of certain Parts of the Manor of Tormohun, otherwise Tormoham, otherwise Tormoone, otherwise Tormoun, in the County of Devon, Parcel of his Settled Estates, and for enabling him to grant Leases of other Parts of the said Manor; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act to enable the Trustees under the Will of Alexander Caldcleugh Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases of Lands, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

31. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Hatton, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of William Davidson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to sell the same, and to apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Acquisition of other Estates to be settled upon the same Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail; for granting Power to feu certain other Lands comprised in the said Deed of Entail, and certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Muirhouse, which were entailed by the said William Davidson.

32. An Act for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the Right Honourable George Simon, late Earl Harcourt, to grant a Building and Repairing Lease of Harcourt House and Grounds, in Cavendish Square, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the Entailed Estates of Charles Marquis of Queensberry in the County of Dumfries, and to sell such Part of the said Entailed Estates as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens.

34. An Act to establish certain Leases granted by Henrietta Inge Widow and William Inge Esquire, both deceased, of Houses and Lands, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

35. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Knapp, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Mortgages and other Debts, and applying the Surplus for the Benefit of his Widow, and his Infant Heir at Law.

36. An Act for enabling Miss Mary Tate and others to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Lands and Premises, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in tile County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes.

37. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Estates, in the County of Norfolk, between Wyrley Birch Esquire, and the Provost and College of Eton, in the County of Bucks.

38. An Act to enable John Cator, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Lands in the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Essex and Hereford; and also for vesting in Trustees for Sale Part of the Estates in the said Counties devised by the Will of John Cator Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

39. An Act to enable the Trustees of Daniel Fowler Esquire, and Mary Ann his Wife, and their Children, to make Grants and Leases of Lands and Grounds in Camberwell Grove, Surrey, for the Purpose of having the same improved by Buildings, and to sell the reserved Rents and Reversion so as to produce a Fund to be held on the same Trusts as the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Annuities originally settled; and also to appoint a new Trustee in the Place of William Fowler Esquire, a Lunatic, and of Mr. Robert Green, who is desirous of being discharged from the Trust.

40. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Richard Sclater Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

41. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of Matthew Markham, deceased, to contract for and grant Building Leases of his residuary Real Estates.

42. An Act for confirming certain Partitions and Exchanges made by Anna Maria Bold, Peter Patten Bold, and Mary Princess Sapieha, deceased, with Bold Fleetwood Hesketh, and Robert Hesketh Esquires, deceased, and a Partition agreed upon by Henry Bold Hoghton Esquire, and Dorothea his Wife, with Peter Hesketh Esquire, of Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of North Meols, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly, deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter's Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts.

44. An Act for modifying and extending the Purposes of certain Deeds of Settlement of John Leitch Esquire, deceased; and for establishing an Asylum for the Blind, in the City of Glasgow.

45. An Act to enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty fifth, Forty fourth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon, and to appoint new Trustees, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

46. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called The Hospital of Saint Thomas the Apostle, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands.

47. An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury and his Successors, to grant Licences for building upon and improving the Copyholds within the Manors of Lambeth and Croydon, in the County of Surrey, and to grant Licences to demise such Copyholds for those Purposes, and to fix the Fines payable upon Admission to the same during limited Periods.

48. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Christ's Hospital, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands.

49. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Bridewell, and for enabling them to grant Leases of the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

50. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Masters, Guardians and Governors of the House and Hospital called Bethlem, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands, the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

51. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the House of the Poor, commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hospital, near West Smithfield, London, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and enabling them to grant Leases of the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years for the Purposes herein mentioned.

52. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of John Banks Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates.

53. An Act for enabling the Trustees appointed by the Will of John Vernon Esquire, deceased, to complete the Sales of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting certain Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Cotton Saint John Baron Clinton and Saye, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses; and for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vesting certain Estates of the said Baron Clinton in Trustees for Sale.

55. An Act to enable the most Honourable Henry Marquis of Waterford to grant Leases of certain Estates in the Counties of Waterford, Kilkenny, Tipperary and Londonderry, in Ireland^ devised by the Will of the late George De la Poer Marquis of Waterford, deceased.

56. An Act for more effectually vesting the Estates of the Charity called Waddington Hospital, in the County of York, in the Trustees of the said Charity, and for enabling them to grant Leases of the said Estates for the Purposes of erecting or repairing Buildings, and also to sell Part of the said Estates, and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, and for enlarging the Power given by the Founder to appoint new Trustees of the said Charity.

57. An Act for vesting the Manor, Rectory and Isle of Hayling, in the County of Southampton, Part of the Settled Estates of the Duke of Norfolk, in William Padwick the younger, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses and for other Purposes.

58. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of the late Isaac Bristow, deceased, in Trustees for conveying the same to a Purchaser.

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Northolt, otherwise Northall, otherwise Northaw, in the County of Middlesex.

60. An Act for naturalising John Francis Maubert.

61. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Baring Esquire, with Maria Matilda Baring his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

62. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Sulivan Groeme Esquire, with Anne Groeme his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for naturalizing Edward Richard Benyon Esquire.

64. An Act for inclosing certain Waste Lands within the Parish of Clenchwharton, in the County of Norfolk.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Doddington and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said Parish of Doddington, and in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Parish of Coveney, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

66. An Act to enable James Wakeman Newport Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their respective Children, to assume and use the Name and bear the Arms of Charlett, pursuant to the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, deceased.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain open and commonable Field, and Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Christchurch and Milton, in the County of Southampton.

68. An Act for inclosing Lands and extinguishing the Tithes within the Manor and Township of Scrayingham, in the County of York.

69. An Act for naturalizing Waynand John de Buck.

70. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of King George the Third, to enable the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, to vary the Benefaction of Doctor Blyth.

71. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Parsonage House, Out Offices and Curtilage thereto adjoining, belonging to the Rectory of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for applying the Purchase Money and granting Building Leases in Manner therein mentioned.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Nether Whitacre, in the County of Warwick.

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Saltonstall Wiseman Baronet, with Katherine Wiseman his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Franklen Peter, with Jane Mary Margaret his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

75. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Henry Brandt.

76. An Act for naturalizing Henry Van Wart.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Maurice Crosbie Moore Esquire, with Diana Moore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act for naturalizing Julien Mathieu.

79. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of White Ladies Aston, in the County of Worcester.

80. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Augustus Sullivan, with Maria Holmes Sullivan his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

