Private Acts passed in 1826, 7 George 4 c.1 - c.59.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1826.
---

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Township of Netherthong, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. Page 619

2. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of West Lydford in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township, Division or Quarter of Anthorn, in the Parish of Bowness in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

4. An Act for dividing, alloting and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Hamlet of Whitle, in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby. 620

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dilham in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Farlesthorpe in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hopton, within the Liberty of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

8. An Act for vesting an Estate at Diss in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Settled Estates of the Reverend Charles Pine Coffin, contracted to be sold to Meadows Taylor Gentleman, upon Trust to complete the Sale thereof; and to apply Part of the Purchase Money in discharge of a Mortgage affecting such Estate, and the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

9. An Act for enabling the Master, Wardens or Keepers of the Commonalty of Freemen of the Mystery of Coopers, London, and of the Suburbs of the same City, to purchase and hold in Mortmain a Piece of Land adjoining the Free School at Egham in the County of Surrey, founded by Henry Strode, as Trustees for the Purposes of the said Charity. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in Lorton, in the Manor of Derwentfells in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Wolverton in the County of Warwick. 621

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anstey in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kentford in the County of Suffolk. Page 621

14. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parishes of West Ardsley otherwise Woodchurch, and East Ardsley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

15. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Norwell in the County of Nottingham. 622

16. An Act for subdividing, allotting and inclosing the Allotment directed to be set out by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for inclosing the Forest of Salcey in the Counties of Northampton and Buckingham, to the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands claiming Rights of Common in and over the said Forest. Ibid.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Soughton in the Parish of Northup in the County of Flint. Ibid.

18. An Act to alter and amend an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Snelston in the County of Derby. Ibid.

19. An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of Benjamin Grffin, deceased, to grant Building and other Leases of Parts of the Estates thereby devised, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and Saint Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

20. An Act to extend and amend the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands at and near Hackney in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of the late Baptist Lee Esquire. Ibid.

21. An Act for carrying into Effect a Contract entered into for the Sale of certain Tithes and other Hereditaments in the County of Northumberland, settled by the Will of William Baird Esquire, deceased, to Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 623

22. An Act for building a Parsonage House for the Rector of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex; and for enabling such Rector to grant Building Leases of Part of the Rectory Land; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

23. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Bigger and Lands and Barony of Boghall, entailed by Sir Michael Bruce of Stenhouse Baronet, now belonging to Vice Admiral the Honourable Charles Fleming; and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same in the Payment of the Debts affecting the said Estate. Ibid.

24. An Act for enabling the Governors of the Hospital of the Poor or Almshouse called Sekforde's Almshouse, in Woodbridge in the County of Suffolk, to grant building and other Leases of their Estates situate in the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes for the Benefit of the said Hospital. Ibid.

25. An Act to enable the Provost and College of Eton, in the County of Bucks, to grant Building Leases of Lands in the Parishes of Hampstead and Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes. Page 623

26. An Act for confirming an Exchange made of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Stowlangtoft in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

27. An Act to confirm an Award made for ascertaining the Glebe Lands of the Rectory Appropriate of Waghen in the County of York, and for dividing the same from the Fee Simple Estates of the late Joseph Windham Esquire, situate in the Parish of Waghen aforesaid. Ibid.

28. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of another Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of the same King, for enabling the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff for the founding and maintaining a School and Almhouses at Rugby in the County of Warwick, to sell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, and for other Purposes. 624

29. An Act for the better Management and Disposition of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for a free and perpetual School in the Town of Bedford, and other Purposes, and of the Rents and Profits thereof. Ibid.

30. An Act for carrying into Effect an Exchange of the Lands and Estate of Alves Kirkton, situated in the Shire of Elgin and Forres, belonging to His Grace Alexander Duke of Gordon, for certain entailed Salmon Fishings in the River Spey, of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moray, situated in the same Shire. Ibid.

31. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Cottage Gardens and other Premises, (being Parts of the Estates of the Feoffees in Trust for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester,) in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be vested in the same Feoffees upon the same Trusts. Ibid.

32. An Act for dissolving a certain Partnership Company known by the Name of "The Genuine Beer Brewery," and for enabling the Directors and Trustees thereof to dispose of the Estates and Effects of the Concern, and divide the Surplus, after Payment of Debts and Expences, amongst the Shareholders of the Capital Stock therein, and other Purposes. Ibid.

33. An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Samuel Ellis Bristowe Esquire, situate in the County of Derby, and certain Parts of his Settled Estates in the County of Nottingham, in Trust, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

34. An Act for vesting the Fee of certain Settled Estates, late of Ann Elizabeth Meyrick deceased, situate in the Counties of Devon, Dorset and Wilts, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell, and apply the Purchase Monies in discharging certain Incumbrances. 625

35. An Act for enabling the Prebendary of the Prebend of Wenlock's Barn to purchase, for the Benefit of himself and his Successors, the Hereditaments comprised in a certain Indenture of Lease, for the Residue of the Term thereby demised; and to grant Building Leases of the same Hereditaments; and for other Purposes. Page 625

36. An Act to confirm a Contract entered into for granting Sub Leases for building on Lands within the Manor of Brownswood in the County of Middlesex, Parcel of the Prebend of Brownswood, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London; and to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Brownswood in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease of the Manor of Brownswood in the said County, Parcel of the. said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for building thereon, and otherwise improving the same, and for other Purposes; and to amend the same Act; and to authorize the Redemption of the Land Tax payable in respect of the said Manor, and the Lands and Hereditaments within the same; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

37. An Act for empowering the Trustees under the Will of Samuel Rhodes Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

38. An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend Henry Wise and Thomas Cubitt, and for authorizing the granting of Building Leases of Ground in the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square and Saint John the Evangelist Westminster, pursuant to the said Articles; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

39. An Act for enabling the Trustees to sell, under the Authority of the Court of Chancery, the Real Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of William Powlett Powlett Esquire, deceased, for the Purpose of raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates. Ibid.

40. An Act for establishing certain Leases granted by George Cary Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments situate and being in the several Parishes of Tormohan and Saint Mary Church, in the County of Devon, Parcel of his Settled Estates; and to enable him to grant Leases of other Parts of his said Settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 626

41. An Act for effecting a Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Kingswinford otherwise Swynford Regis in the County of Stafford, and the Mines in and under the same, to the Right Honourable John William Viscount Dudley and Ward; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

42. An Act for vesting in a Trustee the legal Estate in Fee Simple of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, mortgaged and conveyed in Trust to James Crummer Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting and otherwise improving Lands in the Parish of Felpham in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Foxton in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, and exonerating from Average Rents, and enfranchising, certain Copyhold and Leasehold Lands within the Township and Parish of Ripon in the County of York. Page 626

46. An Act for vesting Pedlars Acre Estate, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, for letting the same, and for applying the Produce thereof according to the Directions of the Vestry of the said Parish. Ibid.

47. An Act for vesting the settled undivided Shares of Ralph Adderley Esquire, and Rosamond his Wife, and John Robert Browne Cave Esquire, and Catherine Penelope his Wife, of and in certain Hereditaments in the County of Derby, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trust to convey the same in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Purposes of effectuating an Agreement entered into with the Reverend Richard Rowland Ward Clerk.

48. An Act for the Restoration of Patrick Murray Threipland of Fingask to the Dignity of a Baronet.

49. An Act to restore Francis Baron Wemyss and others from the Effects of the Attainder of David Wemyss, commonly called Lord Elcho.

50. An Act to restore David Ogilvy Esquire and others from the Effects of the Attainders of James eldest Son of David Earl of Airlie, and of David Ogilvy, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvy,

51. An Act for the Restoration of James Sutherland Esquire to the Dignity and Title of Baron Duffus.

52. An Act for the Restoration of Major General Robert Alexander Dalzell to the Dignity and Title of Earl of Carnwath.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the open and common Lands within the Parish of Chilthorne Domer in the County of Somerset, and exonerating from Tithes Part thereof.

54. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stepney Saint George Esquire with Anne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Cornelius Viscount Lismore, of the Kingdom of Ireland, with Eleanor Viscountess Lismore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Christian Frederick Charles Alexander James Johnston Esquire with Elizabeth Jane Henrietta Johnston his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wille.

58. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Mencke.

59. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Campbell Esquire.
