Private Acts passed in 1827, 7 & 8 George 4 c.1 - c.72.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1827.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hampton in the Parish of Malpas in the County of Chester.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ham in the County of Wilts.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Stainsby and Heath, in the Parishes of Ault Hucknall and Heath, in the County of Derby.

4. An act to carry into Execution a Contract entered into between the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, and Richard Beadon Esquire for the Sale of the Manor of Wiveliscombe alias Wilscombe in the County of Somerset, unto the said Richard Beadon; and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof.

5. An act to give Powers of Sale over Part of the Estates devised. by the Will of John Wright, formerly of Lombard Street in the City of London, Banker, and afterwards of Esher in the County of Surrey Esquire, for the Purpose of obtaining a more connected and convenient Estate, to be settled to the existing Uses of his Will.

6. An act for vesting in Fee Simple in Sir George Stewart of Grandtully, Baronet, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Grandtully in the County of Perth, upon entailing certain other Lands in the said County, equivalent in Value thereto; and for feuing certain other Parts of the said entailed Estate.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Thursford and Kettlestone in the County of Norfolk.

8. An act for vesting an undivided Part belonging to James Hedley, an Infant, of Real Estates devised by Mary Stocks Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money thence arising for the Benefit of the Infant.

9. An act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme Esquire to appropriate certain Parts of the accumulated Funds arising from the said Estates in the Purchase of Advowsons; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter in Exeter, certain Messuages and Lands situate within the Close of the said Cathedral Church, belonging to the Archdeaconries of Totnes, Barnstaple, and Cornwall, founded in the said Cathedral Church, in consideration of certain perpetual yearly Sums to be payable to the said several Archdeacons and their Successors; and for enabling the said Dean and Chapter to grant Leases of the same Premises.

11. An act to explain and modify the Trust Settlement of the late Louis Cauven, for the Endowment and Maintenance of an Hospital for the Support and Education of Boys.

12. An act for discharging Estates of Lord and Lady Say and Sele, and the Honourable William Thomas Twistleton Fiennes, Sir Culling Smith Baronet, and Culling Eardley Smith Esquire, and the Honourable Selena Childers, and John Walbanke Childers Esquire, from a perpetual Rent of Two thousand Pounds, extending over such Estates, and charging a Part of each divided Estate with a Rent equal to its Portion of the said Rent of Two thousand Pounds.

13. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Lands within the Township of Westkirby in the Parish of Westkirby in the County Palatine of Chester.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Shepley in the Parish of Kirkburton in the West Riding of the County of York.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beckley in the County of Oxford.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and for exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Townships of Bentley and Arksey in the Parish of Arksey in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An act for rendering more effectual Two several Acts of the Forty fifth and the Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled, respectively, An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk; and An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parish of Martham in the County of Norfolk; so far as regards the Estates of John Barker Huntington Esquire.

18. An act for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincoln.

19. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks.

20. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Lands in the Township of Burwardesley otherwise Burwardsly in the Parish of Banbury in the County Palatine of Chester.

21. An act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Grappenhall in the County Palatine of Chester.

22. An act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of Lands in the several Parishes of Saint Leonard's Hollington, Saint Mary of the Castle of Hastings Maudlin, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Michael near Hastings, and Horsham, in the County of Sussex, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Charles Eversfield Esquire, and to sell the same Lands, and also Two detached Farms in the Parishes of Hollington and Horsham aforesaid, other Part of the same Estates; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An act for enabling the Trustees of the undivided Moiety, late of John Leech deceased, in certain Land in the Town of Manchester, to concur with the Parties entitled to the other Moiety thereof in making Partition thereof; and to sell all or any Part of the said Land in the said Town of Manchester, in consideration of perpetual Chief Rents to be reserved issuing out of such Land.

24. An act to effect an Exchange of Estates in the County of Oxford, between John Blackall Esquire and the Trustees of Cutler Boulter's Charity, near the City of Oxford.

25. An act for vesting in Fee Simple in John Crichton Marquess of Bute and Earl of Dumfries, and his Heirs and Assigns, certain Parts of the entailed Estate of the late William Earl of Dumfries and Stair, situated in the County of Wigton, upon entailing certain other Lands belonging to him, situated in the County of Ayr, in lieu of the Lands so to be vested.

26. An act for vesting in Trustees the Lands of Dunkirk or West Parks of Moncreiffe in the County of Perth, contained in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Moncreiffe of Moncreiffe Baronet, deceased, to sell the same, and apply the Price obtained therefor in Payment of the Debts that affect or may be made to affect the same.

27. An act for vesting certain Real Estates, late of the Most Noble John Frederick Duke of Dorset, deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

28. An act for confirming a Partition made by Mary Vessey Spinster, and Henry Machin Esquire, with Elizabeth Reynolds Widow, of the Manor of Howell, and divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in Howell and Asgarby, or one of them, in the County of Lincoln.

29. An act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Gabriel Powell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An act to enable Robert Oliver Esquire, and Sarah Shepley his Wife, and the Survivor of them, and their Issue, to grant Building Leases of a Moiety of certain Lands and Premises in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Henry Barker deceased.

31. An act for confirming certain Leases granted under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow-on-the-Hill in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon; and for amending the same Act.

32. An act for vesting an Estate in the Extra-parochial Place of Teddesley, otherwise Teddesley Hay, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharge of a Mortgage affecting such Estate.

33. An act for facilitating the Execution of certain Trusts for Charitable and Public Purposes, within the Town of Sheffield in the County of York.

34. An act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Little Houghton, Brafield-on-the-Green, and Cooknoe, otherwise Cogenhoe, in the County of Northampton,

35. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Hamlet of Penge in the Parish of Battersea in the County of Surrey.

36. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Langford in the County of Bedford.

37. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nowton in the County of Suffolk.

38. An act for extending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Englefield in the County of Berks.

39. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tangley in the County of Southampton.

40. An act for abolishing the Great and Small Tithes belonging to the Rectory of the united Parishes of Beaumont and Kirkandrews-upon-Eden, in the County of Cumberland and Diocese of Carlisle, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

41. An act to authorize a Sale to the respective Land Owners of all Tithes and Rectorial Dues belonging to the Rectory of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford; for endowing Two new Churches; and for other Purposes.

42. An act for vesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Durham in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of Freehold and Copyhold Estates to be annexed to the said See, and for other Purposes.

43. An act to authorize the Trustees of the Manors and Hereditaments devised and settled by the Will of William Earle Bulwer Esquire, to raise Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

44. An act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part of the entailed Lands and Estate in the County of Argyle, now belonging to Charles Campbell Esquire, of Combie, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same.

45. An act to confirm an Exchange made of certain Parts of the Lands belonging to the Vicar of Saint Werburgh in the County of Derby.

46 An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Letham and Cullelo, in the County of Fife, to and in favour of Francis Earl of Moray, and the respective Series of Heirs under Two Deeds of Entail made by Charles Earl of Moray and Francis Earl of Moray respectively, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Lands of Restalrig in the County of Mid-Lothian, and the Mill Lands of Aberdour in the said County of Fife, in the said Francis Earl of Moray, and his Heirs and Assignees, in Fee Simple.

47. An act to authorize the leasing of Mines and Hereditaments in the Parish of Llangonoyd in the County of Glamorgan, devised and settled by the Will of David Griffith.

48. An act for confirming a Lease granted by the Most Noble Henry Charles Duke of Beaufort, and the Right Honourable Henry Somerset commonly called Marquis of Worcester, of Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

49. An act for carrying into Effect an Agreement for Sale of certain Messuages or Tenements and Parcels of Ground in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Possessions of the See of Bangor, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Manner therein mentioned.

50. An act to explain and amend certain Acts passed in the Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the First and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases.

51. An act for vesting in Trustees, for Sale, the Estates devised by the Will of the late Robert Nicholas Esquire.

52. An act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of the Settled Estate of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes.

53. An act for vesting certain Estates devised and settled by the Will of George Taylor deceased, in Trustees, to complete the Sale thereof to Simon Taylor Gentleman, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

54. An act for enabling the Bishop of London and his Successors to grant Licences to demise the Copyholds within the Manor of Fulham in the County of Middlesex, for building upon and improving the same.

55. An act for confirming a Partition made by Mary Bainbrigge Spinster, with the Reverend Richard Fawcett Clerk and Anna Maria his Wife, and others, of an Estate situate in the Township of Headingley-cum-Burley in the Parish of Leeds in the County of York.

56. An act for vesting certain Estates in the Parishes of Saint Mary Matfellon otherwise Whitechapel, and Saint Botolph Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to John Craven Esquire, a Lunatic, and Frederick Bowman Esquire, late Copartners in Trade, and also certain other Estates in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon otherwise Whitechapel aforesaid, belonging exclusively to the said John Craven, in Trustees, for the Purpose of effecting a Partition; and also for the Purpose of effecting Sales, granting Building Leases, and making Improvements.

57. An act to enable the Lord Bishop of Carlisle to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Hereditaments in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and to authorize the granting of Sub-leases for building thereon, and for other Purposes.

58. An act for enabling the Master and Brethren of the Hospital of Saint Mary Magdalene, within the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to erect a Chapel on Part of their Possessions in the said Town, and for regulating the Performance of Divine Service therein; and also for carrying into Effect an Exchange between the said Master and Brethren and Ralph Naters Esquire; and also for enabling the said Master and Brethren to grant Building, Repairing, and other Leases of their Estates.

59. An act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between Samuel Pullin Esquire and James Rhodes Esquire, and for authorizing the granting of Building Leases or Freehold and Copyhold Ground in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, pursuant to the said Articles, and for other Purposes.

60. An act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for dissolving a certain Partnership called "The Kent Life Assurance and Annuity Institution or Company," and for satisfying the Engagements entered into on behalf of the same Institution, and dividing the Surplus of the Capital belonging to the same Institution amongst the Holders of Shares of the same Capital.

61. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Trustees of the Charity Estates of William Hickey deceased, situate at Richmond in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

62. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Andrew Jameson Esquire with Catherine his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dufton in the County of Westmorland.

64. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Exhall in the County of the City of Coventry.

65. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Barron Grahame with Caroline Keissling his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An act to declare void an alleged Marriage between Ellen Turner, an Infant, and Edward Gibbon Wakefield.

67. An act for naturalizing Morris Sigismund Meyer.

68. An act for naturalizing the Reverend Joseph Wolff.

69. An act for naturalizing George Muirson Woolsey.

70. An act for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and laying in severalty the Common Helds and Common Meadows of Peckham in the County of Surrey.

71. An act for naturalizing Joseph Stansbury.

72. An act for naturalizing Andrew Melly.

