Private Acts passed in 1828, 9 George 4 c.1 - c.53.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1828.
---

1. An act for enabling Francis John Broome of Frampton, in the County of Dorset, Esquire, to grant and convey a certain capital Messuage or Mansion House, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate at Forston in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset, for the Purposes of a Lunatic Asylum for the County of Dorset.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Tittensor and Darlaston, in the Parish of Stone in the County of Stafford.

3. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, and for exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Township or Territories of Hessay, in the Parish of Moor Monkton in the County of the City of York.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Litlington in the County of Cambridge.

5. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Broughton in the Parish of Kirkby Ireleth, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Keymer in the County of Sussex.

7. An act for exchanging the entailed Lands and Estate of Kirkton and Whitelaw, belonging to Archibald John Earl of Rosebery, situated in the County of Linlithgow, for the entailed Lands and Estate of Newhalls, belonging to William Scott Moncrief Esquire, situated in the same County; and for investing the surplus Price of Newhalls in the Purchase of other Lands to be entailed.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Belaugh Scottow, Little Hautbois, and Hoveton Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk.

9. An act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Manor of Corton within the Parish of Boyton, in the County of Wilts.

10. An act for inclosing Lands within the Graveship of Holme in the several Parishes of Kirkburton and Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Hamlets of Ollerset and Phoside, in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors or Commons called Scriven Moor and Scotton Moor, in the Townships of Scriven with Tentergate and Scotton, and the Open Fields within the said Township of Scotton; and for exonerating from Tithes the Lands and Grounds in the said Township of Scotton, within the Honor of Knaresborough, and in the several Parishes of Knaresborough and Farnham in the County of York.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wiveliscombe in the County of Somerset.

14. An act for disfranchising Cranbourne Chase in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Ouse-fleet in the Parish of Whitgift in the County of York.

16. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Axmouth in the County of Devon.

17. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty Lands in the Parish of Appleton in the County of Berks.

18. An act for inclosing Morwell Down in the Parish of Tavistock in the County of Devon.

19. An act for effecting an Exchange between the Master or Keeper and Fellows of Gonville and Caius College in the University of Cambridge and John Dickinson Esquire.

20. An act for enabling the Committee or Committees of the Estate of Elizabeth Russ, a Lunatic, to sell Estates in the Parish of Clifton in the County of Gloucester, and in the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob in the City of Bristol.

21. An act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement of the late Joseph Ashton Richards and Eliza his Wife, both deceased, to concur in granting Leases of Coal and other Mines under Lands in the Parish of Oldswinford in the County of Worcester, in respect of One undivided Eighth Part of such Mines.

22. An act to enable the Lord Bishop of Winchester to fell Timber on the Estates of the See, and for applying the Money to arise from the Sale thereof to the Purposes of an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for providing a Residence for the Bishops of Winchester.

23. An act for rendering valid the Award of the Commissioner and other Proceedings under an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Washbourne in the County of Gloucester, as to certain Lands allotted under the same to the late Henry Fowke Esquire.

24. An act to amend an Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for vesting those parts of the Lands and Estate of Blythswood and others which lie in the County of Lanark in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling or feuing the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Estates and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and Hereford, devised by the Will of Sarah Rowe to separate Uses in strict Settlement, and also the Entirety of the Advowson of Munsley in the County of Hertford, devised as to one Moiety by the said Will of the said Sarah Rowe, and as to the other Moiety by the Will of Elizabeth Row deceased, to the same Uses as the said undivided Moiety of the said Hertfordshire Estates, in Trustees, for the Purpose of selling the same, and investing the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, with Powers to pay off Incumbrances.

26. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates late of Frederick Breton Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Joseph Butterworth Esquire, deceased, to effect a Sale to Messieurs Hoare of Two Houses in Mitre Court, Fleet Street, in the City of London.

28. An act to amend an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Estates, situate at Richmond in the County of Surrey, to grant building, repairing, and other Leases thereof; and to repeal certain Parts of such Act; and to direct the Application of the Income of the said Charity Estates.

29. An act for vesting in Trustees the Lands of Auldcraigoch and others in the County of Ayr, contained in a Deed of Entail made by Sir Adam Fergusson of Kilkerran Baronet, deceased, to sell the same, and apply the Price in Payment of the Debts affecting the Lands and Estate of Drummellan, lying in the same County; and for effectually entailing the said Lands and Estate of Drummellan.

30. An act for vesting in Catherine Farquharson of Invercauld, or the Heir of Entail in Possession of that Estate, certain detached Parts thereof in Fee Simple, upon entailing certain other Lands equivalent in Value thereto.

31. An act for vesting the Estates comprised in the Will of the late William Bridger Goodrich Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising thereby in discharging the Incumbrances by Mortgage and Bond thereon, and laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

32. An act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates late belonging to James Rocke of the City of Bristol, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and applying the Surplus for the Benefit of the Devisees and Legatees in the Will of the said Deceased named, and of his infant Heir at Law.

33. An act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Randall Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates thereby devised, and Leases of certain Houses situate in the Parishes of Lambeth, Battersea, Christchurch, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey, of Woolwich in the County of Kent, and of Clewer in the County of Berks, or elsewhere in England.

34. An act to give Powers of Sale over Part of the Estates settled on the Marriage of Robert Marsham of Stratton, otherwise Stratton Strawless, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, with Frances Anne his Wife; and also over Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Robert Marsham, late of Stratton other wise Stratton Strawless aforesaid, Esquire, deceased; for the Purpose of obtaining a more connected and convenient Estate, to be settled to the existing Uses of the said Settlement and Will respectively.

35. An act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Surrey, devised by the Will of the Reverend Henry Hardinge deceased; and certain Estates in the County of Fermanagh in Ireland, devised by the Will of Sir Richard Hardinge Baronet, deceased; and certain Estates in the County of Surrey, comprised in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Sir Charles Hardinge Baronet; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

36. An act for enabling Trustees to effect a Sale to Jonathan Brundrett of the Inner Temple, London, Gentleman, of a House in Bell Yard within the Liberty of the Rolls, devised by the Will of Joseph Fisher Gentleman, deceased.

37. An act for enabling Trustees to sell, under the Authority of the High Court of Chancery, the Real Estates devised by the Will of Robert Watkin Wynne Esquire, deceased, or a sufficient Part thereof, for the Purpose of raising Monies to discharge the several Principal Sums and Interest remaining due on the Mortgages, Debts, and Legacies affecting the same Estates.

38. An act for effectuating a Partition, directed by the Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate in the Parishes of Wybunbury and Barthomley in the County of Chester, devised by the Will of Peter Bayley deceased.

39. An act for enabling the Trustees of Mrs. Ann Molyneux's Charities, in Liverpool, to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for better vesting the Estates in them; for confirming Exchanges, and other Purposes for the Benefit of the Charities.

40. An act to effect an Exchange of Lands and Tithes situate and arising in the County of Buckingham, belonging to Richard Lonsdale Yeoman, for other Lands in the same County, of which the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Chapping Wycombe are seised for charitable Purposes.

41. An act for vesting the Estates of John Campbell, late of Otter in the County of Argyle, in Trustees, to sell the same, or such Parts thereof as may be deemed expedient and necessary, and apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in Payment of the Debts and Provisions affecting the same; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of said Entailed Estates.

42. An act for authorizing the Sale of an Estate, during the Life of Anthony Daffy Swinton Gentleman, in certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, now standing settled to the Uses of the Will of Joseph Lucas Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of Estates of Inheritance, to be settled to the same Uses.

43. An act to extend the Power of granting Leases of Parts of the Estates of the Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquis of Londonderry, and Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry his Wife.

44. An act to enable George Duke of Gordon, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, to sell the Entailed Estate of Durris, and purchase other Lands in lieu thereof.

45. An act for confirming a Partition of the Walcott Charity Estates, situate in the Parish of Lambeth in Surrey, by vesting the same in Trustees for the several Parishes of Lambeth aforesaid and Saint Olave Southwark and Saint John Horslydown, in Surrey, and for regulating the said Charities; and for empowering the Trustees of the said Charities, and also the Trustees of a certain other Charity called Hayle's Charity, in Lambeth, to grant Building and Repairing Leases.

46. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Michael Henry Fock Baron De Robeck with Mary Margaret Baroness De Robeck his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An act for naturalizing Frederick William Jacob.

48. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Borough of Rhayader in the County of Radnor.

49. An act for naturalizing Paulus Emilius Pauli.

50. An act for naturalizing Frederick Charles Lewis Klingender.

51. An act to authorize the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being to appoint a Person or Persons to the Office of Registrar of his Prerogative, without a previous Surrender of the existing Grant or Grants of the said Office.

52. An act for naturalizing Andrew Taylor.

53. An act for naturalizing Peter Daelman.

