Local Acts passed in 1829, 10 George 4 c.1 - c.136.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1829.
---

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sculthorpe in the County of Norfolk. Page 480

2. An Act for inclosing the Farr Heath and Cow Common in the Parish of Bleddington in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in Great Hamlet in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Didmarton and Oldbury-on-the-Hill in the County of Gloucester. 431

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Elmham in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

6. An Act for assisting the repairing, altering, and improving Lambeth Palace, belonging to the See of Canterbury, and the taking down and rebuilding some Parts thereof, and the making Additions to and altering and improving the Mansion House at Addington belonging to the same See. Ibid.

7. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London and John Pedley Esquire. Ibid.

8. An Act for empowering the Owners of the settled Shares of a Piece of Land called Lubberly Mead, in the Parish of All Saints, Southampton, late the Estate of Mr. John Fox, to grant Building Leases thereof. Ibid.

9. An Act for making the Site of a Mausoleum erected by the Duke of Rutland in the Parish of Knipton in the County of Leicester, and the Inclosure of Land surrounding it, Parcel of the Extra-parochial Precinct of Belvoir in the same County. Page 434

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadclist in the County of Devon. Ibid.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Peter and Saint James Brackley in the County of Northampton. 432

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sherborne Saint John in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Monksherborne in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing certain Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Wootton in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Lands in the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Suburbs of the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Tithing of Hill and Shirley in the Parish of Milbrook in the County of Southampton. 433

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Headingley cum Burley in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elworthy in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Gunthorpe in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

20. An Act for improving Lands within the several Tithings of Crookham and Ewshott in the Parish of Crondall in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing, and discharging from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Corby in the County of Northampton. 434

22. An Act for repairing and improving Rose Castle in the County of Cumberland, belonging to the See of Carlisle. Ibid.

23. An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of Chichester to grant Building Leases of certain Estates belonging to the said See. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Wentworth in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Oldbury in the Parish of Halesowen in the County of Salop. Ibid.

26. An Act to extend the Power of granting Leases of Parts of the Estates of The Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquis of Londonderry, and Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry, his Wife. Ibid.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Callan, Coolagh, and Knocktopher, in the County of Kilkenny. 435

28. An Act for dissolving the Corporation of The Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising Thames Water in York Buildings; and for vesting the Property of the Company in Trustees, to sell and divide the Proceeds amongst the Stockholders of the Company. Ibid.

29. An Act for vesting the Estates of the late Edward Mynors Esquire, not comprised in an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, in Trustees, upon Trust to complete a Sale made to the Earl of Chesterfield of Part of such Estates, and to sell the Remainder; and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale of the same Estates, and also from the Sale of the Estates comprised in the said Act, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page 435

30. An Act for enabling the Committee of the Estate of the Reverend John Newport to sell Estates at Grantham and Spittlegate in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

31. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Lands of Aberdour in the County of Fife in Trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands near the Mansion House of Dalmahoy and Estates in the County of Edinburgh entailed by James Earl of Morton, deceased. Ibid.

32. An Act to authorize the Persons beneficially entitled to the Manors and Hereditaments devised and settled by the Will of William Wheatley Esquire, deceased, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof; and to authorize the Trustees therein named to sell certain Parts of the said Manors and Hereditaments, and apply the Money arising therefrom in Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

33. An Act to confirm the Sale of certain Lands in the Parish of Linton and County of Peebles, made by Mistress Marianne Lockhart, for the Redemption of the Land Tax of her entailed Estates, under the Authority of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Third. 436

34. An Act to enable the Trustees named and appointed in and by or acting under and in Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling Trustees to sell, under the Authority of the High Court of Chancery, the Real Estates devised by the Will of Robert Watkin Wynne Esquire, deceased, or a sufficient Part thereof for the Purpose of raising Monies to discharge the several Principal Sums and Interest remaining due on the Mortgages, Debts, and Legacies affecting the same Estates, to sell the Real Estates thereby directed and authorized to be sold, freed, released, and discharged from all and every the Estates, Rights, Title, Interest, Possibility, Claim, and Demand of any Daughter or Daughters of John Wynne Esquire by any future Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, of, in, to, or out of the same Real Estates, or any Part or Parts thereof, under the Will of the said Robert Watkin Wynne deceased. Ibid.

35. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honourable George Lord Calthorpe, of Land in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

36. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Pier or Wharf of Friarton, and Piece of Land adjacent thereto, in the Parish and County of Perth, and the Lands and Estate of Cappeldrae in the Shire of Fife, belonging to Sir David Moncreiffe Baronet, contained in Two Deeds of Entail executed by Sir Thomas Moncreiffe and David Stewart Moncreiffe, to sell the same, and to apply the Prices arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands near the Mansion House of Moncreiffe; and also for amending an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said entailed Estates; and to grant further Powers of feuing. Page 436

37. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Mary Lyon Widow, deceased, to sell the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Durham, thereby devised, to raise Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same. 437

38. An Act for vesting the Real Estates of Henry Richards the Elder, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, for the Payment of his Debts, and for investing the surplus Proceeds of such Sale for the Benefit of his infant Grandson and Heir at Law Henry Hyde Richards. Ibid.

39. An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Randall Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates thereby devised, and Leases of certain Houses situate in the Parishes of Lambeth, Battersea, Christchurch, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey; of Woolwich in the County of Kent; and of Clewer in the County of Berks; or elsewhere in England. Ibid.

40. An Act for discharging a Covenant entered into by John Webbe Weston Esquire with Samuel Jackson Esquire, since deceased; and for empowering the Trustees of the Mane Estate, late of the said Jon Webbe Weston, to complete certain Sales. Ibid.

41. An Act for authorizing the Sale of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson Baronet, deceased, to Uses under which John Maryon Wilson Esquire is first Tenant for Life; and for laying out the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

42. An Act for vesting the entailed Estates of Raith and others in the Counties of Fife and Edinburgh, belonging to Robert Ferguson Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same, or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates. Ibid.

43. An Act for enabling the President and Governors of the London Workhouse to sell or grant Leases of the Workhouse and other Hereditaments vested in them, and to purchase other Estates for the Education and apprenticing of Poor Children. Ibid.

44. An Act to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Winchester to convey certain Estates, the Possessions of the Hospital of Saint John the Baptist in Winchester, to Trustees to be appointed by the Court of Chancery; and to enable such Trustees to exercise certain Powers over the said Estates; and to authorize the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol to convey to the said Trustees a certain Sum payable every Twenty-fourth Year under a Grant of Sir Thomas White, and for other Purposes. 438

45. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into with John Ambler for that Purpose. Ibid.

46. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Paul in London to grant Building Leases of certain Land of the said Dean and Chapter at Barnes in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

47. An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands in the Parish of Chesterton in the County of Oxford, made between the Trustees of the Earl and Countess of Jersey and the Vicar of Chesterton, and between the said Trustees and the Warden and Scholars of New College, Oxford. Ibid.

48. An Act to enable the Trustees under the Will of Hugh Owen, otherwise Hugh Bulkeley Owen Esquire, deceased, to sell and convey, under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, the Fee Simple of the Real Estates thereby charged with the Payment of his Debts. Ibid.

49. An Act for enabling the Rector for the Time being of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, to make certain Confirmations, Leases, and Assurances of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to his Rectory. Ibid.

50. An Act for authorizing a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of Thomas Gregory Player Esquire, deceased, at Aldenham in the County of Her ford, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

51. An Act for naturalizing Ferdinand Stewart Campbell.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Peach Keighly, a Captain in the Service of the East India Company on their Madras Establishment, and Judge Advocate General of the Army on their said Establishment, with Anne, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Franco Haynes Esquire with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An Act for naturalizing Antoine Beat Albert du Thou and his Two Infant Children therein mentioned.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Tyssen Tyrell Esquire with Elizabeth Anne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Paul Chappe.

57. An Act for naturalizing Henry Dumas.

58. An Act for naturalizing Bernardino Antonio Fernandez.

59. An Act for naturalizing Ferdinand Campbell and Samuel Griffin Campbell, the Infant Sons of Ferdinand Stewart Campbell Esquire.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Ower Moigne, within the Parish of Ower Moigne, in the County of Dorset.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Watermillock, in the Parish of Greystoke, in the County of Cumberland.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bardwell in the County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ardleigh in the County of Essex.

64. An Act to enable John Barber to take and use the Surname of Garlick, pursuant to the Provisions of the Will of John Garlick deceased, late of Moulton in the County of Northampton.

65. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Oliver Lindam Esquire with Harriott his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein contained.

66. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Reade Cazalet Esquire with Caroline Wahab his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for naturalizing Philip James Meyer.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Arthur Stock with Mary Beauman, otherwise Wahab, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

69. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Thorndike with Frances Christiana his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

