Private Acts passed in 1830, 11 George 4 & 1 William 4 c.1 - c.62.
From The Statutes of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 1830.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kingston, near Lewes, and Iford, in the County of Sussex.

2. An act for inclosing the Forest of Roach otherwise Roche otherwise Neroach otherwise Neroche, in the Parishes of Broadway, Bickenhall, Beercrocombe, Ilton, Barrington, Ashill, Ilminster, Whitelackington, Curland, Donyatt, Isle-Abbotts, Hatch-Beauchamp, and the Tithing of Domett in the Parish of Buckland Saint Mary, or some or one of them, in the County of Somerset.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Moss and other Grounds in the Manors and Townships of Out Rawcliffe and Middle Rawcliffe, and Stalmine with Stainall, in the Parishes of Saint Michael-upon-Wyer and Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

4. An act for inclosing Lands and extinguishing Tithes in the Parish of Haddenham in the County of Buckingham.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wistow in the County of Huntingdon; and for extinguishing the Tithes in the said Parish.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Arle and Arlestone otherwise Allstone in the Parish of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Tithings.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanley Saint Leonard's otherwise Leonard Stanley and Eastington, or one of them, in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Parish of Stanley Saint Leonard's otherwise Leonard Stanley.

8. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Caxton in the County of Cambridge.

9. An act for dividing and allotting Lands within the Parishes of Weston Zoyland and Middlezoy in the County of Somerset.

10. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Whaddon, including the Hamlet of Nash, in the County of Buckingham.

11. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and for exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Township or Hamlet of Deddithorpe otherwise Derrythorpe in the Parish of Althorpe in the Isle of Axholme in the County of Lincoln.

12. An act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Hagley in the County of Worcester.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Blacktoft, Gilberdike, and Faxfleet, in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, and in the Parishes of Eastrington and South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Great Strickland and Thrimby in the Parish of Morland in the County of Westmorland.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Standon in the County of Hertford.

16. An act for inclosing Lands within the several Parishes of Kidwelly, Saint Mary in Kidwelly, Saint Ishmael, and Pembrey, in the County of Carmarthen.

17. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Monks Risborough in the County of Buckingham.

18. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingsbury Episcopi in the County of Somerset.

19. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Addington in the County of Northampton.

20. An act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates devised by the Will of John Williams Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in Trust to carry into execution a Contract entered into for Sale thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale in manner therein mentioned.

21. An act to vest a Part of the entailed Estate of Dunure and others, in the County of Ayr, in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of disposing of or applying the Lands so vested, or the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the said entailed Estate.

22. An act for enabling the Bishop of London to grant Building Leases of certain Estates belonging to the said See.

23. An act for vesting the legal Estate in certain Estates late of Ann Budgen, formerly vested in Elizabeth Pedder deceased, in Mortgage in Edward Rawlings, the present Mortgagee and Trustee of the Equity of Redemption thereof.

24. An act to enable the Trustees under the Marriage Settlement of Bouchier Marshall Clerk, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, also deceased, to effect a Sale of the Advowson of the Church of Bow otherwise Nymet Tracey in the County of Devon.

25. An act to enable the Wardens and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of Sir Roger Cholmeley Knight, in Highgate, to pull down their present Chapel, and to contribute towards the Erection of a new Chapel or Church in Highgate; and for other Purposes.

26. An act for the Resettlement of certain Interests in the Trust Estate of William Browne deceased, and for other Purposes.

27. An act for selling the entailed Lands and Estates of Gordonstown and others, in the County of Elgin and Forres, belonging to Sir William Gordon Gordon Cumming Baronet, or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates.

28. An act to enable Sir William Purves Hume Campbell of Marchmont, Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail of the Lands and Barony of Greenlaw in the County of Berwick, to grant Feus of Parts of the said Lands and Barony.

29. An act for exchanging a Fee Simple Estate belonging to Edward Dyke Poore Esquire, situate at Ablington in the County of Wilts, for an Estate under Settlement, devised by the Will of the late Edward Poore Esquire, situate at North Tidworth in the same County; and for authorizing the Investment of a Sum of Money in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

30. An act for vesting the Estates in the County of Lincoln devised by the Will of Mary Hutton deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

31. An act for vesting the Settled Estates of the Most Honourable George Augustus Francis Rawdon Hastings Marquis of Hastings, situate in Scotland, in the said Marquis in Fee.

32. An act for confirming a Partition made by George Marmaduke Alington and Samuel Rowe Esquires of Estates in the County of Lincoln, devised in undivided Moieties by the respective Wills of Sarah Rowe apd Elizabeth Rowe deceased.

33. An act for carrying into effect a Contract entered into for the Sale of certain Freehold and Leasehold Estates in the Parishes of Merthyr Maur, Saint Brides Major, and Coitee, in the County of Glamorgan, the Estate of Richard Franklen Esquire, to the Right Honourable Sir John Nicholl Knight; and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold.

34. An act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by and settled to the Uses of the Wills of James Gordon Esquire, and of his Son James Gordon Esquire, both deceased, situate in the Counties of Hertford and Somerset, and in the Island of Antigua in the West Indies, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, and for other Purposes.

35. An act for empowering George William Duke of Argyll and his Trustee to borrow a Sum of Money, and to make it a Charge on the Estate of Argyll, upon certain Conditions.

36. An act for authorizing Leases to be granted of such of the Estates in the County or Cornwall as were devised by the Will of Sir Christopher Hawkins Baronet, deceased, to Christopher Henry Thomas Hawkins, an Infant, during his Life.

37. An act for authorizing the granting of Building and other Leases of Freehold Ground and Hereditaments late the Property of Dame Mary Evelyn, deceased, in the Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent.

38. An act for renewing, granting, and confirming certain Powers and Authorities to Sir Peter Pole Baronet, given or limited by the Will of Sir Charles Pole Baronet, deceased, and an Indenture of Release affecting his Estates in the County of Southampton.

39. An act for exchanging the Estates in the County of Northampton, of which the Most Noble Walter Francis Douglas Montagu Duke of Buccleuch and Queensberry is Tenant in Tail, under the Will of the Most Noble John late Duke of Montagu, deceased, for some of his Settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and York, of which he is Tenant for Life under the Will of the Most Noble Elizabeth late Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry, deceased.

40. An act for vesting an Estate at Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, devised and settled by the Will of Moses Benson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

41. An act for vesting Estates, of which Gifford Warriner Esquire, a Lunatic, is Tenant in Tail, in Trustees, for Sale, and also for effecting a Partition of certain Parts thereof, and for granting Leases.

42. An act to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable Richard Lord Cremorne, an Infant, to carry into effect a Contract entered into for the Purchase of Rockcorry Castle and adjoining Lands in the County of Monaghan in Ireland.

43. An act to authorize the granting or Mining and Building Leases of certain Parts of the Estates subject to the Trusts of the Will of Benjamin Hall Esquire, deceased.

44. An act to authorize the granting of Leases of Lands Parcel of the Prebend of Stoke Newton or Newnton, otherwise Newington, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London; and for empowering the Prebendary of the said Prebend and the Rector of the Rectory or Parsonage of Stoke Newington respectively to grant Building Leases; and for other Purposes.

45. An act to enable John Buckle Esquire, or other Committee of the Estate of William Buckle, a Lunatic, for and in the Name and on Behalf of the said William Buckle, to consent to the Exercise of a Power of Sale over Estates settled on the said William Buckle for his Life, and which Power is exercisable with the Consent of the said William Buckle.

46. An act to enable the Devisees under the last Will and Testament of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Mount-Sandford, deceased, to make Leases of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lately in the Possession of the said Henry Lord Mount-Sandford, and devised by his said Will; and also to enable the said Devisees to execute a Conveyance to the Rector of Kilkevan of a certain Piece of Ground situate in the Parish of Kilkevan and County of Roscommon.

47. An act for establishing and carrying into execution the Trusts created by the last Will and Testament of John Gwyn, late of the City of Londonderry, Merchant, deceased; and for incorporating the Trustees therein named; and for other Purposes.

48. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and for the better Regulation of Roan's Charity there.

49. An act to amend an Act of King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham in the Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

50. An act to effect an Exchange of Part of the Estates in the County of Durham devised by the Will and Codicil of William Russell Esquire, deceased, for Part of the Estates comprised in the Settlement made in pursuance of the Articles upon the Marriage of the Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquess of Londonderry with the Most Honourable Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry.

51. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Edward Baron Ellenborough with the Right Honourable Jane Elizabeth Baroness Ellenborough his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An act for naturalizing John Anthony Fructuozo.

53. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Salisbury Muskett Esquire with Mary Muskett his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

54. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset.

55. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hadley D'Oyly Esquire with Charlotte his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

56. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Wallis Esquire with Charlotte Augusta Amelia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

57. An act for naturalizing Philip Augustus De Chapeaurouge.

58. An act for dissolving a certain Partnership Company known by the Name of The Welsh Iron and Coal Mining Company; and for enabling the Directors and Trustees thereof to dispose of the Estate and Effects of the Concern, and divide the Surplus, after Payment of Debts and Expences, amongst the Shareholders of the Capital Stock therein; and for other Purposes.

59. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Peter Shakerley Esquire, of the Parish of Egham in the County of Surrey, with Laure Angelique Rosalbe Shakerley his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Meadows Hamerton Esquire with Isabella Frances his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

61. An act for naturalizing Francis Joseph Humbert.

62. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boydell with Jane Boydell Boydell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

63. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Captain Edward St. John Mildmay with Marianne Catherine his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act to dissolve the Marriage of James Bayley Esquire with Louisa his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

65. An act for naturalizing George Smith.

66. An act for naturalizing John Christopher Smith.
