Private Acts passed in 1831, 1 & 2 William 4 c.1 - c.38.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1831.
---

1. An Act to effect an Exchange of Lands between Harriet Averina Brunetta Herbert, an infant Ward of the Court of Chancery, and John Edwards Esquire.

2. An act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the Entailed Estate of Crieve, and others, in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, and to sell such Part of the said Estate as may be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens; and likewise for settling and securing the Lands and Estate of Murrayfield, and others, in the said County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Thomas Beattie of Crieve, Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Thomas Beattie of Crieve, Esquire, now deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed; and for vesting in lieu thereof certain Parts of the Estate of Crieve in the said Thomas Beattie Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

3. An act to enable the Most Noble Alexander Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, and the Heirs of Entail of the Lands and Barony of Kinneil, in the Shire of Linlithgow, to charge the Sleeches or Land to be gained from the Sea opposite the said Barony with the Expences laid out in gaining the same.

4. An act to effect an Exchange of Estates in the County of Hertford between William Preece Esquire and the Dean and Canons of Windsor.

5. An act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part of the Entailed Lands and Barony of West Nisbet in the County of Berwick, now belonging to Charles Carre Lord Sinclair, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Provisions, Debts, and Incumbrances affecting the same.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Langley in the Parish of Claverdon in the County of Warwick.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Hatton, Haseley, and Wroxhall in the County of Warwick.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbury in the County of Northumberland.

9. An act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Hugill, Applethwaite, and Troutbeck, in the Parishes of Kirkby-in-Kendal and Windermere, in the County of Westmorland.

10. An act for enabling the Trustee under the Will of Henry Brown deceased to sell certain Shares in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, and a Share in the Liverpool Theatre, and certain Bonds from the Liverpool Dock Trustees, and of a certain Sum due on Bond from the Corporation of Liverpool, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in repairing, pulling down, and rebuilding certain Houses in Paradise Street in the Town of Liverpool aforesaid; and for other the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

11. An act for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exeter to sell Two Houses in the Parish of Saint Stephen's, Exeter, vested in them, and to purchase other Estates for the Performance of the charitable Purposes of the Will of Joan Tuckfield.

12. An act for vesting the undivided Moieties of certain Estates of Nathaniel Cameron Esquire and Laetitia Pryce his Wife, in the County of Glamorgan, in Trustees, in Trust to sell, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money to arise from such Sales in the Manner therein mentioned.

13. An act to exonerate the Trustees of Richard Oswald of Auchincruive, Esquire, for Advances of Money made by them to Richard Alexander Oswald Esquire, now of Auchincruive, and applied in executing Improvements, as well upon the Entailed Estates left by the said Richard Oswald as the Fee Simple Estates acquired by the said Trustees, and partly entailed by them; and to enable the said Trustees to discharge a Part of the Debts incurred by the said Richard Alexander Oswald in improving the said Estates.

14. An act for vesting the Entailed Estates of Abercairney, and others, in the County of Perth, belonging to James Moray of Abercairney, Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates.

15. An act for exchanging Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of Beilby Thompson Esquire for Freehold Lands devised by the Will of Mrs, Dorothy Wilson to Trustees for charitable Purposes; and for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates in the County of York devised by the Will of Beilby Thompson Esquire, deceased, and Part of the Freehold Estates in the same County devised by the Will of Richard Thompson Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to he settled to the same Uses.

16. An act for vesting an undivided Moiety of a Freehold Estate in Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, late the Property of William Orford Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Proceeds of such Sale for the Benefit of his infant Son and Heir at Law.

17. An act to enable the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Birmingham in the County of Warwick, to erect a School House, Masters Houses, and other suitable Accommodations for the said School, and to extend the Objects of the Charity; and for other Purposes.

18. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woolvercot in the County of Oxford, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

19. An act for vesting certain detached Portions of the Lands and Estates entailed by the deceased John Buchanan Esquire, of Carbeth in the County of Stirling, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands near to the Mansion House of Carbeth and the Remainder of the said Entailed Lands.

20. An act to effect a Partition of certain Freehold, Copyhold or Customary, and Leasehold Estates in the County or Lincoln, late the Property of the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, deceased.

21. An act for vesting in Trustees a legal Estate, which on the Death of Joseph Crewe escheated to His Majesty and the Lord Bishop of Bangor, in an undivided Third Part of certain Hereditaments in the County of Denbigh in order to effect a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery.

22. An act for effectuating a Partition of Estates belonging to the Most Honourable John Crichton Stuart Marquess of Bute and Earl of Dumfries and the Most Honourable Maria Marchioness of Bute and Countess of Dumfries, and their Trustees, and to the Right Honourable Lady Susan North, and to the Right Honourable Lady Georgina North; and for other Purposes.

23. AN Act for inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Ings, Common or Stinted Pastures, and Balks within the Manor and Township of Ferrybridge otherwise Ferryfryston in the West Riding of the County of York.

24. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Trower Esquire with Amelia Catherine Trower his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act to enable Joseph Chamberlayne Wilkinson Ackerley otherwise Acherley, of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, Esquire, to lay down and for ever cease to use the Surnames of Wilkinson and Ackerley otherwise Acherley, and to take the Name of Chamberlayne only, and bear the Arms of Chamberlayne quarterly with his own Family Arms, pursuant to the Will of his late Maternal Uncle Edmund John Chamberlayne Esquire, deceased.

26. An act to enable John Surman Goodlake to take and use the Sirname of Surman, pursuant to the Provisions of the Will of John Surman, late of Swindon in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, deceased.

27. An act for naturalizing Peter Hubert Desvignes and George Desvignes.

28. An act for naturalizing Bernhard Hebeler.

29. An act for naturalizing Custodio Pereira de Carvalho.

30. An act for vesting certain Parts of the devised Estates of Thomas Bradshaw Isherwood Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold or demised for the Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act to enable Wenman Langham Watson Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname and use the Arms of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell Baronet, deceased.

32. An act for naturalizing Charles Francis Ramié.

33. An act for naturalizing Edward Henry Levyssohn.

34. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Le Feuvre otherwise Le Fevre Esquire with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

35. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Louisa Turton with Thomas Edward Michell Turton her now Husband, and to enable the said Louisa Turton to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

36. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Hugh Kinnaird Esquire with Ann his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

37. An act for naturalizing Herman Hinrich Flathmann.

38. An act for naturalizing Christian Etzerodt.

