Private Acts passed in 1832, 2 & 3 William 4 c.1 - c.44.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1832.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aston Bowant in the County of Oxford.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caversham in the County of Oxford.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Bubwith and Harlethorpe in the Parish of Bubwith in the East Riding of the County of York.

4. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Clifton in the County of Bedford.

5. An act for inclosing certain Commons or Tracts of Waste Lands called Harberrow and Blakedown Commons, in the Parish of Hagley in the County of Worcester.

6. An act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Donegal in Ireland devised by the Will of James Murray Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Ballesley otherwise Bausley within the Parish of Alberbury in the County of Montgomery.

8. An act for vesting in Archibald Lord Douglas of Douglas, or the Heir of Entail in possession for the Time, certain detached Parts of the Douglas Estates in Fee Simple, upon entailing certain other Lands equivalent in Value thereto.

9. An act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the Entailed Estates belonging to John Richardson Esquire, of Pitfour, in the County of Perth, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions affecting the same.

10. An act for separating the Rectory of Easington in the County and Diocese of Durham from the Archdeaconry of Durham, and annexing in lieu thereof a Prebend or Canonry founded in the Cathedral Church of Durham.

11. An act for vesting certain Settled Estates of Philip Pusey Esquire, in the Counties of Kent and Berks, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thornburg in the County of Gloucester.

13. An act for inclosing Lands within the Hamlet of Hill and Moor in the Parish of Fladbury in the County of Worcester.

14. An act for exchanging Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Thomas Fletcher Fenton Boughey Baronet for Part of his Fee Simple Estates.

15. An act for vesting the Real Estates devised by the Will of Ellis Leckonby Hodgson Esquire, deceased, in Everton within the Manor of West Derby in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off an Incumbrance thereon; for dividing Two Third Parts of the Residue of the Purchase Money among the Devisees of Two Third Parts of the said Estates, and for investing the remaining One Third Part of the said Money in the Purchase of other Estates, or on Securities, to the same Uses as the other Third Part of the said devised Estates.

16. An act for empowering the Trustees of the Blue Coat Charity School in Warrington in the County of Lancaster to make Sales and to grant Building and Mining Leases of certain Parts of the Estates belonging to the said Charity, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for establishing and carrying into effect an Agreement for a Partition between William Henry Bowen Jordan Wilson Esquire and Edmund Meysey Wigley Greswolde Esquire of Estates in the County of Warwick.

18. An act for effectually settling all the Estates in Great Britain which by the Will of the late Right Honourable George Pitt Lord Rivers deceased, dated the Fifteenth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, are required to be settled by the Right Honourable George Pitt Rivers, now Lord Rivers, to the Uses directed by such Will.

19. An act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Durham to appropriate Part of the Property of their Church to the Establishment of a University in connexion therewith for the Advancement of Learning.

20. An act to authorize the Patrons or Patron for the Time being of the Vicarage of Aston juxta Birmingham in the County of Warwick to appropriate and assign any Part of the Tithes and Vicarial Dues belonging to the said Vicarage, or any Rent-charge issuing out of the same, for endowing certain new Churches within the said Vicarage if converted into District Parishes or Vicarages, and for selling the Advowsons of the same Churches or new Benefices.

21. An act to authorize the granting of Leases of certain Parts of the Estates (subject to the Trusts of the Will) of Philip Antrobus Gentleman, deceased.

22. An act for disafforesting and inclosing so much of the Forest of Rockingham as is situate within the Bailiwick of Rockingham, and for inclosing Open and Common Field Lands in Gretton, all within the County of Northampton.

23. An act to vest a Part of the Entailed Estate of Saltoun and others in the County of Haddington in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the said Entailed Estate; and for feuing certain Parts of the said Entailed Estate in the County of Edinburgh.

24. An act to enable the Reverend John Bushnell, and the Trustees of the Will of John Bushnell Esquire, deceased, to effect a Sale to Philip Pusey Esquire of the Manor or Lordship of Charney, and a certain Messuage, Lands, and Premises therein, in the County of Berks.

25. An act to invest a Part of the Entailed Estates of Brodie, and others, in the Counties of Elgin and Nairn, in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of selling the Lands so vested, and of applying the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying Debts, Provisions, and others contracted by the Entailer, and for Money laid out by the Heir of Entail in the Improvement of the said Entailed Estates.

26. An act for exchanging Fee Simple Estates of Sir Thomas Slingsby Baronet, situate at Scriven, Scotton, and Farnham, and in the Parishes of Knaresborough and Farnham, in the County of York, and not in Settlement, for a Part of his Settled Estate situate at Wollas otherwise Woolhouse in the Township of Appleton Roebuck and Parish of Bolton Percy in the County of the City of York; and for charging the Estates taken in exchange with a Portion for Emma Louisa Catharine Slingsby, the infant Daughter of Charles Slingsby Esquire, deceased.

27. An act to confirm certain Leases granted by James Weller Ladbroke Esquire of Land and Premises at Nottinghill in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

28. An act for vesting the Estates in the County of Sussex devised by a Codicil to the Will of the Right Honourable Peter late Lord Gwydir, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising from such Sale, after Payment thereout of a Charge affecting the same Estates, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain open Common Salt Marshes in the Township of Walpole in the County of Norfolk.

30. An act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of William Lee Antonie Esquire, deceased, in strict Settlement, in his Nephew, John Lee Esquire, Doctor of Laws (subject to a Terra of Five hundred Years, as an Indemnification against a Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest); and for substituting Part of the Fee Simple Estates of the said John Lee in lieu thereof; and also for appointing new Trustees of the said Settled Estates.

31. An act for exchanging certain detached Parts of the Entailed Estate of Craigends in the County of Renfrew, belonging to William Cuninghame Esquire, for certain other Lands held by him in Fee Simple.

32. An act for authorizing the Trustees of John White the elder, deceased, to complete on their Part an Exchange of certain Lands at Millbank in the County of Middlesex; and for vesting the exchanged Lands and other Hereditaments in the Trustees of the Marriage Settlement of William Leaper Newton Esquire and Henrietta his Wife, with Power of Sale.

33. An act for enabling James Thomas Martin Esquire, and the Persons in Remainder under the Will of Mary Jackson deceased, to grant Leases of Part of the Settled Estates therein comprised, for the Purpose of building upon and otherwise improving the same.

34. An act for settling certain Manors and Estates in the County of Durham to the Uses of the Marriage Settlement of the Most Honourable Charles William Vane Marquis of Londonderry and the Most Honourable Frances Anne Vane Marchioness of Londonderry his Wife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Manerowen in the County of Pembroke.

36. An act for naturalizing Pierre Jaques Adolphe Pasteur.

37. An act for naturalizing Antonio Panizzi Esquire.

38. An act for naturalizing Edward Codwise.

39. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Josiah Smith with Elizabeth his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

40. An act for naturalizing Echardt Martin Mette.

41. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Robert Clayton Esquire with Alice Hugh Massy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

42. An act for continuing, establishing, and confirming unto and upon John Ingram Lockhart Esquire the Surname and Arms of Wastie, pursuant to the Will of Francis Wastie Esquire, deceased.

43. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College in the University of Cambridge to alter and vary the Benefaction of Doctor Edmund Proby and Sir Thomas Proby, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College in the Augmentation of several small Rectories and Vicarages; and further to appropriate the said Benefaction.

44. An act for naturalizing Edward Patzeker.

