Private Acts passed in 1833, 3 & 4 William 4 c.1 - c.43.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1833.
---

1. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Hanging Langford, within the Parish of Steeple Langford in the County of Wilts.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Crakehall in the Parish of Bedale in the North Riding of the County of York.

3. An act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of the late Sir Henry Charles Englefield Baronet, deceased, to sell the undivided Moiety of the Estate called the Wharram Percy Estate, in the County of York, thereby devised.

4. An act for settling and preserving Sir John Soane's Museum, Library, and Works of Art, in Lincolns Inn Fields in the County of Middlesex, for the Benefit of the Public, and for establishing a sufficient Endowment for the due Maintenance of the same.

5. An act for effecting an Exchange between the Master or Keeper and Fellows or Scholars of Corpus Christi College in the University of Cambridge, and the Master or Keeper, Fellows and Scholars of Pembroke Hall in the same University.

6. An act for vesting and securing the Lands of Muirhouse in the County of Lanark in General John Hamilton of Dalzell, and the Heirs under a Deed of Entail of the said Estate of Dalzell in said County, made by James Hamilton Esquire, of Rosehall, under the Conditions and Limitations therein contained; and for disentailing, in lieu thereof, certain detached Parts of the said Entailed Estate; and also for vesting other Parts of the said Entailed Estate in a Trustee, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, for Payment of Debts contracted by the said General John Hamilton for Money laid out in the Improvement of the said Entailed Estate.

7. An act to enable the Reverend Richard Morris and Mary Ann his Wife, during their joint Lives, and the said Mary Ann Morris in case she shall survive the said Richard Morris, and after her Decease the Guardians of Martha Sophia Hogg Spinster, during her Infancy, to grant Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of James Hogg deceased, for the Purpose of building upon and otherwise improving the same.

8. An act for vesting the undivided Moieties of certain Estates of the Reverend Vincent Edwards and Jane his Wife, and their Issue, and of the Devisees of Richard Edwards deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for laying out the Monies to be produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

9. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the Commons, Droves, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Wisbech Saint Mary's in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Township of Middleton by Wirksworth in the County of Derby.

11. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gancrew in the County of Hertford.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elkstone in the County of Gloucester.

13. An act for inclosing certain Moors or Commons called West Moor, East Moor, and Middle Moor, in the County of Somerset.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Great Givendale in the East Riding of the County of York.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Oakington in the County of Cambridge, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

16. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Lakenheath in the County of Suffolk.

17. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Yardley in the County of Worcester, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

18. An act for confirming a Partition of Farms and Lands in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of William Murton, late of Tunstall in the same County, deceased.

19. An act for effecting an Exchange of Estates in the County of Lincoln between Elizabeth Vere Widow and James Vere Esquire and William Robinson.

20. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Little Salkeld in the Parish of Addingham in the County of Cumberland.

21. An act for dissolving the Corporation of The Leeds Oil Gas Light Company, and for vesting the Estate and Effects of the Company in Trustees, to be sold for the Benefit of the Parties interested therein; and for finally settling and adjusting the Company's Concerns.

22. An act for enabling Charles Robert Carter Petley Esquire and others to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Lands and Premises in the Parishes of Saint Dunstan Stebonheath otherwise Stepney and Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex.

23. An act to enable the Trustees of the Blue Coat Charity School at Stockton in the County of Durham to sell and dispose of certain Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the said Charity, and to purchase and acquire other Lands in lieu thereof, and also the Reversion of the Lands held by them for Lives.

24. An act for vesting certain Estates of which Ann Thornycroft Spinster was Mortgagee in Fee in the Reverend Robert Clowes Clerk, the surviving Executor of her Will, subject to the subsisting Equities of Redemption.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commonable and Waste Lands in the Borough of Loughor in the Manor of Loughor in the County of Glamorgan.

26. An act to grant further Power to lease certain Parts of the Devised Estates of the Right Honourable Richard late Viscount Fitzwilliam deceased, situate in the City of Dublin and the Neighbourhood thereof.

27. An act for enabling and directing the Trustees acting under the Will of Peter Thellusson Esquire, deceased, to grant certain Leases of the Estates subject to the Trusts of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

28. An act to vest Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Reverend Robert Maurice, late of Blandford Forum in the County of Dorset, Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale; and for investing the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will.

29. An act to enable the Lord Bishop of Limerick to sell and dispose of Saint George's Chapel in the City of Limerick, and the Land on which the same is built (heretofore Part of the Estate of the Earl of Limerick), and to apply the Proceeds of such Sale in the Erection of a new Chapel.

30. An act to invest Parts of the Entailed Estate of Langley Park in the County of Forfar, belonging to James Cruikshank Esquire, in Trustees, in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of selling the Lands so vested, and applying the Price thereof, or the Loans to be raised on Securities to be granted thereon and on the said Entailed Estate, towards Extinction of Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the Fee of the said Estate.

31. Act for naturalizing Pompey Anichini.

32. An act for naturalizing Leo Schuster.

33. An act for naturalizing William Lindon.

34. An act for naturalizing John George Behrends.

35. An act for naturalizing Edward Pein.

36. An act for naturalizing Anselmo de Arroyave.

37. An act for naturalizing Claus Sturcke.

38. An act for naturalizing William Matthiessen.

39. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wortley in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

40. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bepton in the County of Sussex.

41. An act for naturalizing John Leisler.

42. An act for naturalizing John Louis Lemme.

43. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Walpole Willis Esquire with the Right Honourable Lady Mary Isabelle his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

