Private Acts passed in 1834, 4 & 5 William 4 c.1 - c.46.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1834.
---

1. An Act for amending an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Arle and Arleston otherwise Allstone in the Parish of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and for discharging from Tithes Lands in the said Tithings.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tisbury in the County of Wilts, and for dividing the said Parish into Three Parishes.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Shelford in the County of Cambridge, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Duntsborne House in the County of Gloucester, and for exonerating from Tithes the Lands in the said Parish.

5. An act to effect a Partition of the Advowson of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Cockerham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to confirm the Sale of the next Turn or Right of Presentation thereto.

6. An act for more effectually vesting in the Feoffees acting under the Will of Isaac Bowcock certain Estates in the County of York, held for certain charitable Uses applicable within the Parish of Keighley in the said County, and for confirming certain Leases, Covenants, and Contracts of Sale already made as to Parts of such Estates, and authorizing the granting of Building Leases and the Sale of other Parts of such Estates.

7. An act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and their Successors, to grant Licences for building upon and improving the Copyholds within the Manor of Sutton Court in the Parish of Chiswick in the County of Middlesex, and to grant Licences to demise such Copyholds for those Purposes, and to fix the Fines payable upon Admission to the same during limited Periods.

8. An act for vesting Estates belonging to Eleonora Anne Julia Hunt Grubbe Spinster, an Infant, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, and for granting Leases of the Estates to be purchased; and for other Purposes.

9. An act to commute for a Corn Rent certain Tithes within the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale in the County of Westmorland.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dalwood in the County of Dorset.

11. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale in the County of Durham.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands in the Liberty of Kirk Langley in the County of Derby.

13. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes Lands in the Parish of Colmworth in the County of Bedford.

14. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the Commons, Droves, Banks, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Elm in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

15. An act for inclosing Lands within the Townships of Alstonefield, Warslow, Lower Elkstone, Fawfieldhead, Hollingsclough, Heathilee, and Quarnford, all in the Parish of Alstonefield in the County of Stafford.

16. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chipstokle in the County of Somerset.

17. An act to amend the Corn Rent Schedules annexed to the Award made in pursuance of an Act of the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longney in the County of Gloucester.

18. An act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Rectors and Vicar of the Parish of Kendal otherwise Kirkby Kendal in the County of Westmoreland.

19. An act for confirming and carrying into effect a Partition and Division of the Real and Personal Estates of William Molyneux Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for facilitating the Proof of the Will of the Right Honorable Charles Henry Coote late Earl of Mountrath in certain Actions in Ireland.

21. An act to enable the Trustees of Hugh Montgomerie of Shelmorlie, Earl of Eglinton, deceased, to sell a Part of the Trust Estates, in order to extinguish the Debts left by the said Earl which affect or may be made to affect the said Estates.

22. An act for settling and securing the Lands of Potterfield, and Parts of the Lands, Lordship, and Barony of Elphinstone, in the County of Stirling, to and in favour of George Earl of Dunmore and the Series of Heirs entitled to succeed under a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of John Earl of Dunmore deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein, and for vesting in lieu thereof the Lands of Garrick, Innermuck, and others, in the County of Argyll, in the said George Earl of Dunmore and his Heirs and Assignees in Fee Simple.

23. An act to enable the Trustees of George Viscount Keith deceased to sell certain Lands vested in them in Trust, and purchase with the Price thereof the Lands of Burnbrae; and to empower the Heir of Entail of the said Lands of Burnbrae to dispose of the same; and for investing the Price thereof in other Lands, to be entailed to the same Series of Heirs.

24. An act to grant further Powers of leasing Part of the Estates devised by and purchased pursuant to the Will of Sir John Aubrey Baronet, deceased.

25. An act for vesting F&rt of the Settled Estates in the County of York devised by the Will of Henry Peirse Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell, and to apply the Monies arising therefrom, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, with Power to pay off Incumbrances.

26. An act for exonerating Estates in the Counties of Somerset and Devon comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Palmer Acland Baronet, deceased, from the Jointure or Rent-charge thereby limited to Dame Sarah Maria Palmer Acland his Widow, during her Life, and for charging other Estates in the County of Somerset devised and directed to be purchased by the Will of the said Sir John Palmer Acland with the Payment thereof.

27. An act for vesting certain detached Estates devised by the Will of the late Henry Charles Aston Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to raise Money for the Purchase of an Estate called the Dutton Estate, in the County of Chester, and for other Purposes incidental thereto.

28. An act for effecting an Exchange of certain Parts of the Entailed Estates of the Right Honourable Anthony Adrian Keith Falconer Earl of Kintore, Lord Falconer, of Haulkertown, situated in the Counties of Kincardine and Forfar, for certain Lands belonging to Robert Taylor of Kirktonhill, Esquire, situated in the County of Kincardine.

29. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish and Manor of Stanwick in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes therein.

30. An act for vesting certain Estates situate in the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent devised by the Will of Edward Reynolds Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Monies to be produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

31. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Most Honourable George Augustus Francis Rawdon Hastings Marquis of Hastings and the Most Honourable Barbara Ydverton Marchioness of Hastings, Baroness Grey de Ruthyn, his Wife, situate in the County of Warwick, in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

32. An act for vesting the Estates in the Counties of Surrey and Cornwall devised by the Will of Matthew Russell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Monies to arise from such Sale in discharging Incumbrances on other Estates settled to the same Uses, or in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

33. An act to authorize the Sale of Lands settled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Oldbury in the County of Salop.

34. An act for inclosing Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Mealiffe, Upper Church, and Temple Beg, in the County of Tipperary.

35. An act for establishing a School on the Site of Honey Lane Market in the City of London.

36. An act for the Relief of Patrick Richard Blackwood Brady and Richard Blackwood Esquires, in respect of certain Lands and Premises, their Estates, situate in the County of Cavan in Ireland.

37. An act to enable James Thomas of Halifax in the County of York, Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Berry.

38. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Raskelf in the Parish of Easingwold in the North Riding of the County of York.

39. An act for the Naturalization of John Peter Segundo Mousley and Charles Edward Eugene Mousley.

40. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manors and Tithings of Elwell otherwise Ridgeway and Stottingway within the Parish of Upway in the County of Dorset.

41. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Allan with Jane his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act to enable Frederick Lundey Esquire to take and use the Surname and Arms of Savile.

43. An act for naturalizing Charles William Francken.

44. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Isaac John Horlock Esquire with Phebe Horlock his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act for naturalizing Arthur Auguste de la Rive of Geneva, and William de la Rive, Jeanne Adde de la Rive, and Charles Lucien de la Rive, his Children.

46. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Howell with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

