Private Acts passed in 1835, 5 & 6 William 4 c.1 - c.48.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1835.
---

1. An act for vesting in George Knowles Esquire and his Heirs certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates situate at Sharow in the Parish of Ripon in the County of York, discharged from the Uses mentioned or referred to by the Marriage Settlement of the said George Knowles, and for substituting and settling certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates situate at Humberstone Rank and Thruscross in the Parish of Hampsthwaite in the said County of York in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

2. An act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Hereditaments situate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, devised and bequeathed by the Will of Ann Hambly Widow, deceased, in Trustees for Sale; and for laying out the Monies to be produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in the same Manner.

3. An act for vesting certain Shares of Estates now belonging to Sir Cecil Augustus Bisshopp, Harriet Arabella Bisshopp, George Curzon Bisshopp, Edward Cedi Bisshopp, and Catherine Mary Bisshopp, Infants, and also to the said Sir Cedi Augustus Bisshopp alone, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Purchase Monies arising from such Shares in other Estates.

4. An act for applying the Balance now lying in Bank of the Price of the Lands of Glenkinglas and others, contained in a Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Duncan Campbell of Lochnell, which were sold in virtue of the Powers contained in an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, towards Payment of certain Sums laid out by General Duncan Campbell of Lochnell in the Improvement of the said entailed Estate.

5. An act to enable the granting of Leases, and for other Purposes relating to the Estates of William Harris Esquire, deceased.

6. An act for confirming a Partition, made under a Decree of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, of an Estate in the County of Chester among Whitmore Smart, Elizabeth Smart Spinster, and others.

7. An act for the Sale of Estates in Ireland devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Chichester late Earl of Massereene, and for the Purchase of other Estates in Ireland, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

8. An act for authorizing the Sale of the entailed Lands of North Ferryhill or Carlingnose in the County of Fife, and the entailed Lands and Estate of Kirkton and Whitelaw in the County of Linlithgow, belonging to William Scott Moncrieff Esquire, and the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed.

9. An act for exchanging the Broomsthorpe and Castle Rising Estates in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of George James late Marquis of Cholmondeley deceased to Lord William Henry Hugh Cholmondeley for Life, with Remainders over, for Lands in Netherton and Huxley in the County Palatine of Chester, devised by the same Will to the said Lord William Henry Hugh Cholmondeley in Fee Simple.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tavistock, Milton-Abbot, Brentor, and Lamerton, in the County of Devon, called Heathfield.

11. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Ulleskelf in the Parish of Kirby Wharfe in the County of York.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands called Ranmore otherwise Ravensmoor, in the several Parishes of Acton and Baddiley, or One of them, in the County of Chester.

13. An act for inclosing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Stretham in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for the Commutation of Tithes.

14. An act for authorizing Sales, Leases, Grants, and Improvements of an Estate at Lillington in the County of Warwick, devised by the Will of Matthew Wise Esquire; and for other Purposes.

15. An act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell the Lands of Bravelleichs in the County of Argyll, and, after discharging the Debts affecting the same, to invest the Surplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed.

16. An act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Highleigh, founded in the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, to accept Surrenders of the existing Lease of any Part of the said Prebend, and to grant new Leases thereof.

17. An act for confirming certain Leases granted by Sir James Graham Baronet, deceased, and by Sir Sandford Graham Baronet, his Son, of Land at Kirkstall and in the Township of Headingley-cum-Burley, in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

18. An act for enabling the Committee of the Estate of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie Esquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leases of his settled Estates.

19. An act to vest Part of the entailed Estate of Cromarty, lying within the County of Ross, and by Annexation within the County of Cromarty, in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Purpose of selling the same, and of paying Debts which affect or may be made to affect the said entailed Estate; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

20. An act for vesting in Archibald Lord Douglas of Douglas, or the Heir of Entail in Possession for the Time, certain detached Parts of the entailed Estates of Douglas in Fee Simple, upon entailing certain other Lands equivalent in Value to the same and to a Debt due by him to the said entailed Estates.

21. An act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Stanmer in the County of Sussex with the adjoining Vicarage and Parish Church of Falmer, and for exchanging the Parsonage House and Glebe Land of Stanmer and the Vicarage House of Palmer, for certain Pieces of Land at Palmer, being Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Earl of Chichester, on which a new Parsonage House has been built at the Expence of the said Earl.

22. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worcester to grant renewable Leases of the Worcester County Infirmary and of the Land held therewith to the Governors of the said Infirmary, or their Trustees.

23. An act for vesting the settled and unsettled Manors and Estates of Charles Vere Spencer, an Infant, in the Counties of Oxford and Denbigh, in Trustees, in order to effect the Sale thereof, for the Payment of Incumbrances, and for other Purposes.

24. An act for empowering Trustees to sell certain Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates in the County of Norfolk, settled under the Will of Horatio Earl of Orford deceased, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act to authorize the making of Grants or Leases of Mines within and under Parts of the Lands belonging to the Perpetual Curacy of the Parish of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

26. An act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates late belonging to Richard Sparrow of Oakland in the County of Tipperary, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and applying the Surplus for the Benefit of the Devisees in the Will of the said Deceased named.

27. An act for raising, on the Security of certain Estates in the County of Wilts whereof the Right Honourable Thomas Earl Nelson is Tenant in Tail, a Sum of Money for the Purpose of discharging the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds equitably charged thereon by William Earl Nelson deceased, in favour of his Daughter Charlotte Mary Lady Bridport; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act for naturalizing Salis Schwabe.

29. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Conyers junior, Esquire, with Margaret Conyers his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for naturalizing Christian Allhusen.

31. An act for naturalizing John Cortazzi.

32. An act for naturalizing Paul Ferdinand Willert

33. An act for naturalizing Louis Magnus.

34. An act for naturalizing Frederic Louis Mieville.

35. An act for naturalizing Mendel Albrecht.

36. An act for naturalizing David Meyer Loewe.

37. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Major Hassell Richard Moor with Ann his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Thomas Blenkinsop, a Chaplain in the Service of the East India Company on their Madras Establishment, with Clara Jane his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for naturalizing John Queriol Murat

40. An act for naturalizing Ludwig SteinthaL

41. An act for naturalizing Emanuel Halle.

42. An act for naturalizing Gaspar Peter Elias Baron de Arabet.

43. An act for naturalizing Jacques Louis Auguste Joseph Des Champs de la Tour, commonly called Auguste Des Champs de la Tour, and his infant Son.

44. An act for naturalizing Agnes Hemilian de Tressan.

45. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Charles Lambert Esquire with Georgiana Charlotte his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An act for naturalizing Henry Christopher Bergman.

47. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Zolter.

48. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Malpas Esquire with Isabella Bowness his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

