Private Acts passed in 1836, 6 & 7 William 4 c.1 - c.53.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1836.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hardwick in the County of Cambridge.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wootton in the County of Bedford.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orwell in the County of Cambridge, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Runcton in the County of Norfolk.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alveston in the County of Gloucester, and in the Tithing of Tockington Upper in the Parish of Olveston in the same County.

6. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Alstonefield in the County of Stafford.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands within the Parish and Manor of Godmanstone in the County of Dorset.

8. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Stepingley in the County of Bedford.

9. An act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Estate of Delvine in the County of Perth to and in favour of Sir John Muir Mackenzie Baronet, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by George Muir Esquire, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Lands and Estate of Cassencarie and others lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and Counties of Dumfries and Wigton in the said Sir John Muir Mackenzie, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

10. An act to authorize the Sale of One Fourth Part or Share of a certain Tenement and Farm called Limehurst, in the Parish of Ashton under Line in the County of Lancaster, late belonging to John Gartside of Haugh in the Parish of Rochdale in the said County of Lancaster, Yeoman, deceased, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

11. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of South Petherton in the County of Somerset.

12. An act to enable Francis Earl of Moray to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of certain of his Entailed Estates, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

13. An act to enable the Reverend James White and the Persons for the Time being entitled to certain Estates situate in the Parish of Bonchurch in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Charles Fitzmaurice Hill Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases.

14. An act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for vesting the Lands and Barony of Dryden, and certain other Entailed Estates of Sir Charles Macdonald Lockhart Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed in a similar Manner; to regulate the Manner of holding the said Estates; and to grant Powers of feuing to the Heirs of Entail.

15. An act to vest a Part of the Entailed Estate of Milliken in the County of Renfrew in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts affecting the said Entailed Estate, and the Debt contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the same.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty Lands in the Parishes of Marsh Baldon and Toot Baldon in the County of Oxford.

17. An act to enable the Trustees of Bowdler's Blue Coat School in Shrewsbury to effect a Sale to John Jones Esquire of Estates called Trefnant and Llanerchrochwell in the Parish of Guilsfield in the County of Montgomery.

18. An act to enable the granting of Leases of certain Parts of the Estates and Hereditaments of which the Right Honourable Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny is seised as Tenant in Tail Male under an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the Will of George Lord Abergavenny in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned.

19. An act for enabling James Edward Bradshaw Esquire and others to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County Palatine of Lancaster, devised by the Will of John Bradshaw Esquire, deceased.

20. An act for consolidating the Rectories of Alford and Hornblotton in the County of Somerset, and for settling the Advowson of such consolidated Rectory; and also for rectifying a Settlement made in pursuance of the Will of the late John Thring Esquire, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, of Estates in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes.

21. An act for empowering the Governors and Corporation of Etwall Hospital and Repton Free School in the County of Derby to sell certain Parts of their Estates in the same County, and to lay out the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

22. An act for authorizing the Sale of a Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of John Walker Heneage Esquire and Arabella Walker Heneage, and for investing the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An act for enabling the Earl of Courtown and the Trustees of his Marriage Settlement to grant Building Leases of Part of his Settled Estates in Ireland.

24. An act for confirming a certain Lease granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Christ's Hospital, and for extending the Powers to grant Building Leases given to them by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth.

25. An act to explain and extend the Powers of the Governors of the Hospital in Edinburgh, founded by George Heriot, Jeweller to King James the Sixth.

26. An act for enabling Franz Anton Bernhardt to assign to a Company, and for enabling them to purchase and carry into effect the Purposes of a Patent granted to him for warming and ventilating Buildings; and for other Purposes.

27. An act to vest Part of the Entailed Estate of Skibo and others in the County of Sutherland in Trustees in Fee Simple, for Sale, and to raise a further Sum of Money by Loan, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act to enable Sir John Ogilvy Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Cairnie and others, lying in the County of Forfar, to grant Feus of certain Parts thereof.

29. An act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Hannah Pownall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses; and for authorizing the rebuilding of certain Mills on the said devised Estates, called Copley Mills, out of the Monies to arise from such Sales, and out of Monies to be raised by Mortgage of the said devised Estates remaining unsold.

30. An act for authorizing a Sale of Glebe Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

31. An act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Lands and Estate of Dougalston and others, situated in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, which were entailed by John Glassford of Dougalston Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purpose of paying Debts and Charges affecting the Entailed Estate and of purchasing other Lands contiguous and convenient thereto.

32. An act to authorize Grants and long Leases for Building Purposes of an Estate in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, being Part of the Settled Estates of the late Charles Chadwick Esquire.

33. An act for rendering effectual an Agreement entered into by the Dean and Chapter of Worcester for enfranchising certain Lands and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Stoke Prior in the County of Worcester, and Parcel of the Manor of Stoke Prior; and for other Purposes.

34. An act for removing Doubts from the Title of Devisees under the Will of Eusebius Horton Esquire, deceased.

35. An act for enabling the Right Honourable Louisa Augusta Baroness Langford to release her Husband the Right Honourable Hercules Langford Baron Langford, and his Estates in the County of Meath in Ireland, from a certain Annuity or yearly Rent-charge thereon.

36. AN Act for naturalizing His Excellency Admiral Paul Tchitchagoff and Catherine Tchitchagoff his Daughter.

37. An act for naturalizing Frederick Steiner.

38. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Ring.

39. An act for naturalizing John Peter Darthez the younger.

40. An act for naturalizing Bernhard Michaelis.

41. An act for naturalizing Julius Focke.

42. An act to enable Edward Hicks Gentleman to use and bear the Surname and Arms of Hicks, in compliance with the Will of the Reverend James Hicks deceased.

43. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Hodges Esquire with Clara Rebecca his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

44. An act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Abbotsley in the County of Huntingdon.

45. An act for naturalizing James Liebreich, Herrman Julius Marcus, Edward Wurtzburg, and Lewis Heymann.

46. An act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Steinkeller.

47. An act for naturalizing Edward Stopford Claremont.

48. An act for naturalizing Hermann Philipp Ree.

49. An act for naturalizing Leopold Reiss.

50. An act for naturalizing Johann Daniel Sonchay.

51. An act for naturalizing Johann Jacob Schmidt.

52. An act to authorize Dame Mary the Wife of Sir William Pilkington Baronet to bear the Surnames of Milborne and Swinnerton jointly with the Surname of Pilkington, and to be called by the Surnames of Milborne Swinnerton Pilkington; and for authorizing the said Sir William Pilkington and Dame Mary his Wife to bear or quarter the Arms of Swinnerton of Butterton and Milborne; and also for authorizing the Second Son of the said Sir William Pilkington and Dame Mary his Wife, and his Issue, to assume and bear the Surnames of Milborne Swinnerton in lieu of the Surname of Pilkington, and to bear or quarter the said Arms of Swinnerton of Butterton and Milborne, in compliance with a Condition contained in the Will of Thomas Swinnerton Esquire, deceased.

53. An act for naturalizing Oscar Joseph de Satge Baron de Thoren.

