Private Acts passed in 1837, 7 William 4 & 1 Victoria, c.1 - c.59.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1837.
---

1. AN Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Cranfield in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanymynech, Llanrhaidr-yn-Mochnant, Llanarmon-mynydd-mawr, Llanarmon-dyffryn-Ceiriog, Llansilin, and Llancadwalader in the County of Denbigh.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Lofthouse-cum-Carlton in the Parish of Rothwell in the West Riding of the County of York.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Winfrith Newburgh and Wool in the County of Dorset.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Newbold in the Parish of Chesterfield in the County of Derby.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Mansergh, Lupton, Old Hutton, and Holme Scales and New Hutton, in the Parishes of Kirkby Lonsdale, Burton-in-Kendal, and Kirkby-in-Kendal in the County of Westmorland.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Field Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Ashby and Hellington in the County of Norfolk.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clapton in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Honor or Lordship and Forest of Clun in the County of Salop. Page

10. An Act to enable the Minister of the Parish of Banff in the County of Banff to feu the Glebe Lands of the said Parish.

11. An Act to enable John Angerstein Esquire to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Grimsby in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent; and to enable Amelia, the Wife of the said John Angerstein, to grant similar Leases of Parts of the same Estates in the said Parish of East Greenwich.

12. An Act to enable David Rankine Esquire, of Dudhope, to feu certain Portions of the Lands and Estate of Dudhope in the County of Forfar.

13. An Act to vest certain Parts of the Entailed Estate of Boysack in the County of Forfar, belonging to William Fullarton Lindsay Carnegie Esquire, in Trustees to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof in payment of certain Debts affecting the said Estate, in building a Mansion House for the same, and in repayment of certain Sums of Money laid out in improving the said Estate; and to enable the Heir of Entail in Possession of the said Estate to feu certain Parts thereof.

14. An Act for enabling the Trustees of William Eliott Lockhart deceased, of Borthwickbrae, to sell the Lands of Old Melrose and Part of the Estate of Borthwickbrae to pay the Debts affecting the same.

15. An Act to enable Alexander Murray Esquire, of Broughton, to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of certain of his Entailed Estates for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

16. An Act to alter and extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for empowering George William Duke of Argyll and his Trustee to borrow a Sum of Money, and to make it a Charge on the Estate of Argyll, upon certain Conditions.

17. An Act to enable Edward Farr and others to effect a Sale to Walter Wilkins Esquire of a Messuage and Lands situate in the Parish of Glasbury in the County of Radnor.

18. An Act for vesting a Piece of Land in the Parish of Childwall in the County of Lancaster, belonging to Edward Paton Cearns an Infant, in Trustees for Sale, and for investing the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the Infant.

19. An Act to vest a Part of the Entailed Estate of Drumkilbo and others in the Counties of Perth and Forfar in Trustees in Fee Simple, for the Sale, and to raise Money thereon for satisfying the Debts contracted for Money laid out or to be laid out in the Improvement of the said Entailed Estate, and in building a Mansion House thereon; and to enable David Nairne Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him, if there be such, to grant Feus of Part of the said Estate of Drumkilbo and others. Page

20. An Act for vesting an Estate belonging to the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter in York in Trustees for Sale, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; subject nevertheless to making Compensation to the Dean and Chapter for the Time being for certain Fines payable on Renewal of the Leases of the said first-mentioned Estate; and also for Payment of certain Debts due on account of the said Cathedral Church.

21. An Act to enable Richard Rayley Esquire to grant Leases of the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments appointed or devised by the Will of Richard Rayley Esquire, his late Father, deceased; and for selling certain of the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and laying out the Monies to be produced by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

22. An Act to enable the Tutors and Curators of Sir Michael Robert Shaw Stewart Baronet to grant Feu Rights of the Estate of Greenock and other Lands in the County of Renfrew.

23. An Act for carrying into effect a Contract entered into with Edward Riddell Esquire for the Sale to him of a certain Farm called Broomey Hall Farm, situate in the Township of Dalton in the Parish of Newburn in the County of Northumberland, devised in strict Settlement by the Will of Elizabeth Archer Hind Spinster, deceased; and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Hereditaments in lieu thereof, to be settled to the like Uses.

24. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster to grant Leases of the Mines and Building Leases, subject to Ground Rents, of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and for other Purposes.

25. An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Most Noble Henry Charles late Duke of Beaufort to John Vivian Esquire, of Lauds and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint John juxta Swansea in the County of Glamorgan; and also a certain other Lease granted by the said Henry Charles late Duke of Beaufort, and the Most Noble Henry Duke of Beaufort, by his then Name of Henry Marquis of Worcester, to John Williams Esquire, and others, of Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Saint John juxta Swansea and Llangefelach in the said County of Glamorgan.

26. An Act for vesting the settled undivided Shares of the Right Honourable George Talbot Rice Lord Dynevor in the County of Glamorgan in Trustees for Sale, and with Power to make a Partition thereof.

27. An Act for vesting an Estate in the Parish of Steeple Aston in the County of Oxford, devised by the Will of John Marten Watson Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for carrying into effect a Contract entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Page

28. An Act for authorizing Trustees to sell Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Moyses William Lord Sandys, in the Counties of Worcester, Cambridge, and Bedford, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and also for authorizing the same Trustees to grant Leases for Building and Manufacturing Purposes of other Part of the said Settled Estates in the County of Worcester.

29. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester in the County of Southampton, and the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Winchester in the said County, and the Chapter of the same Church, of divers Messuages or Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments.

30. An Act for confirming a Partition of Estates devised and bequeathed by the Will of Sir William East Baronet, deceased, and other Property; and for confirming a Sale of other Parts of the devised Estates.

31. An Act for extending the Power to grant Building Leases contained in the Will of Handle Jackson Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster to sell and grant Building Leases of the School Estates, and to enlarge the Powers of the Governors.

33. An Act to transfer the Endowments of the Domestic Chapel of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet at Columb John in the Parish of Broadclist in the County of Devon, which Chapel is proposed to be pulled down, to a Chapel intended to be built in lieu thereof near his Residence at Killerton in the same Parish.

34. An Act for authorizing the Trustees under an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Duke of Richmond for the Time being to grant Jointures as therein mentioned, and for other Purposes, to sell the Residue remaining unsold of the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity was made redeemable, and to invest the Money to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes.

35. An Act to extend the Powers given to the Trustees of the Will of Charles Eversfield Esquire by an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building leases of Lands in the several Parishes of Saint Leonard's Hollington, Saint Mary of the Castle of Hastings, Maudlin, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Michael near Hastings, and Horsham, in the County of Sussex, Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Charles Eversfield Esquire, and to sell the same Lands, and also Two detached Farms in the Parishes of Hollington and Horsham aforesaid, other Parts of the same Estates, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Page

36. An Act for authorizing the Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Galway and Mayo devised by the Will of the Right Honourable John late Lord Clanmorris deceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

37. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Wilton, and the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Estates devised by or standing limited to the Uses of the Wills of the Right Honourable Thomas late Earl of Wilton and the Right Honourable Eleanor late Countess of Wilton, both deceased, to make Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years of certain Parts of the said Estates, for building on or improving the same, under reserved yearly Rents.

38. An Act to enable the Court of Chancery in Ireland to appoint other Persons to act under the Family Settlement of the Marquis of Donegall and Earl of Belfast, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, in the Place of Thomas Ball and Thomas Ellis deceased.

39. An Act for vesting Settled Estates in the Township of Headingley-cum-Burley in the Parish of Leeds in the County of York, of which John Henry Fawcett Esquire is Tenant for Life, in Trustees for Sale, and for investing the Monies to be produced thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

40. An Act for empowering the Trustees of the Will, as to his Real Estate, of Silvanus Bevan Esquire, deceased, to sell the Freehold Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Berks devised by the same Will, and for laying out the Money to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

41. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth in Birmingham in the County of Warwick to erect a Schoolhouse, Masters Houses, and other suitable Accommodations for the said School, and to extend the Objects of the Charity; and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for exchanging Part of the Settled Estates of the Most Honourable the Marquis of Bute and Earl of Dumfries in the County of Glamorgan, in England, for Estates of the said Marquis in the Counties of Ayr, Wigton, and Bute, in Scotland; and for other Purposes.

43. An Act for extending the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in the Marriage Settlement of Francis Adams the younger, Esquire; and for other Purposes.

45. An Act for naturalizing Martin Alepson and Matthew Alepson.

46. An Act for naturalizing Michael Castelli.

47. An Act for naturalizing Frank Castelli.

48. An Act for naturalizing Abraham Victor Salamé.

49. An Act for naturalizing Bernard Mette.

50. An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony Mette.

51. An Act for naturalizing John Becker.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Gardiner Esquire with Harriet Maria Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

53. An Act for naturalizing Ernesto Domenico Damiano Rapallo.

54. An Act for naturalizing Angelo Antonio Solari.

55. An Act for naturalizing Edmee Nicole Pulcherie Felice Hales and her infant Daughter.

56. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Huth.

57. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Meinertzhagen.

58. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Martin.

59. An Act for naturalizing Dame Marie Louise Pettine De Dalberg Acton and her infant Son Sir John Emerick Edward Dalberg Acton Baronet

