Private Acts passed in 1838, 1 & 2 Victoria c.1 - c.50.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1838.
---

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract of uninclosed Common or Waste Land called Ogley Hay, in the County of Stafford.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Quedgley in the County of Gloucester.

4. An Act for authorizing the Sale of Part of the Settled Estates of Christopher Tumor Esquire, and for investing the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bratton Fleming in the County of Devon.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swavesey in the County of Cambridge.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Linton in the County of Cambridge.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Witcham in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wickwar, Cromhall, and Tortworth in the County of Gloucester.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chesterton in the County of Cambridge.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Higham Ferrers in the County of Northampton.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Berden, Manewden, and Stansted Mount-fitchet in the County of Essex.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Bishop's Castle and Munslow in the County of Salop.

14. An Act for authorizing the Investment of a Fund under the Will and Codicil of the Most Noble Charles Tate Duke of Norfolk in the Purchase of Estates in any Part of England.

15. An Act for the Sale of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Painswick in the County of Gloucester.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places in the Parish of Fen Drayton in the County of Cambridge.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Curbridge in the Parish of Witney in the County of Oxford.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gazeley in the County of Suffolk.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Pulham Saint Mary the Virgin and Pulham Saint Mary Magdalen in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Great Warley in the several Parishes of Great Warley and Sheffield in the County of Essex.

21. An Act for authorizing the granting of Leases of Part of the Estates in the County of Carnarvon devised by the Will of the late Richard Parry Esquire.

22. An Act to explain and extend the Powers of the Trustees of Lady Glenorchy's Chapel and School in Edinburgh.

23. An Act for authorizing the Sale, Exchange, and Partition of the Real Estate devised by the Will of Richard Henry Alexander Bennet Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the Produce thereof; and for authorizing the granting of Leases of the same Estate; and for authorizing the Investment in Land of the residuary Personal Estate bequeathed by the same Will; and for other Purposes.

24. An Act for giving Effect to certain Powers of Appointment over Settled Estates of the Duke of Norfolk, so that by the Exercise of such Powers the Estates to be appointed may be discharged from the Countess of Surrey's Pin Money; and for discharging certain Parts of the said Settled Estates from the Portions of the Daughters and younger Sons of the Earl and Countess of Surrey.

25. An Act to enable the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth in Macclesfield in the County of Chester to establish a Second School, to be called "The Modern Free School in Macclesfield in the County of Chester;" and for other Purposes.

26. An Act for renewing, granting, and confirming certain joint Powers of Appointment to the Honourable John Simpson and Henry Bridgeman Simpson his eldest Son, and certain sole Powers of Appointment, and of Revocation and new Appointment, to the said Henry Bridgeman Simpson; and for establishing and confirming certain Indentures of Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Henry Bridgeman Simpson respectively affecting the Estates of the said John Simpson and Henry Bridgeman Simpson in the several Counties of Nottingham, Derby, York, and Warwick.

27. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands in the County of Glamorgan between Morgan Popkin Traherne Esquire and the Right Honourable Sir John Nicholl Knight.

28. An Act for authorizing the Sale of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Samuel Smith Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Proceeds of such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled upon the same Trusts.

29. An Act to confirm a Division already made and to enable a further Division of the residuary Personal Estate of William Gray deceased, and to determine the Right of Survivorship and Contingency affecting the same.

30. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Warden and Fellows of the College of All Souls, Oxford, and Thomas Penrice Esquire.

31. An Act to authorize the making of Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years of Estates devised by or settled to the Uses of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh Esquire, deceased, for building on or otherwise improving the same, under yearly Rents to be reserved in the same Conveyances and Demises, and to sell certain Parts of the said Estates, and to purchase other Estates in lieu thereof, under the Control of the Court of Chancery; and for other Purposes connected with the same Estates.

32. An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Lands situate in the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex to grant Building Leases of the said Lands, and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for authorizing the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk to release and discharge from Shackage and Commonage certain Lands within the said Borough, and for other Purposes relating to other Lands belonging to the said Borough.

34. An Act for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of the Real Estate devised by the Will of the Right Honourable William Henry Earl of Rockford deceased, and for the Application of the Produce thereof, and for authorizing the granting of Leases of the same Estate; and for other Purposes.

35. An Act for enabling the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Saviour in Southwark in the County of Surrey to sell the old School and Schoolhouse and the Site thereof; and also for enabling the Right Reverend Charles Richard Lord Bishop of Winchester and his Lessees to grant to the said Governors another Site for the Purpose of a more convenient School and Schoolhouse and proper Offices being erected thereon.

36. An Act for naturalizing James Patry.

37. An Act for naturalizing Peter Joseph Meugens.

38. An Act for naturalizing Alexander Constantine Ionides.

39. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Schwann.

40. An Act for naturalizing Henry Joseph Edward Saffron.

41. An Act for naturalizing Frederic Joly.

42. An Act for naturalizing Benedetto Albano.

43. An Act for naturalizing George Lewis Augustus Behrens.

44. An Act for naturalizing Sophia Nelthorpe Le Jeune.

45. An Act for naturalizing Sarah Nelthorpe Newman.

46. An Act for naturalizing Mark Ludwig Beurle.

47. An Act for naturalizing John Nicholas Sibeth.

48. An Act for naturalizing Gustavus Theodore Anthony Count Batthyany.

49. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Rudolph Grohte.

50. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lieutenant Colonel Lethbridge with Sarah Anne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

