Private Acts passed in 1839, 2 & 3 Victoria c.1 - c.62.
From The Statutes of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 1839.
https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=EFw0AQAAMAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false
---

1. An Act for inclosing certain Open and Common Downs or Sheepwalks within the several Tithings of Oxenbourn and Ramsdean in the Parish and Manor of Eastmeon in the County of Southampton.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Honour or Lordship of Chirk and Chirk Land in the several Parishes of Llangollen and Llainsaintfraid Glyn Ceiriog in the County of Denbigh.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stow cum Quy in the County of Cambridge.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moulton in the County of Suffolk.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fretherne and Saul in the County of Gloucester.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Melbourn in the County of Cambridge.

7. An act for the Sale of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Tetbury in the County of Gloucester.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Berkeley in the County of Gloucester.

9. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Totley in the Parish of Dronfield in the County of Derby.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Unstone in the Parish of Dronfield in the County of Derby.

11. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ringstead in the County of Northampton.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton in the County of Cambridge.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Borough or Township of Clun in the Parish of Clun in the County of Salop.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Comberton in the County of Cambridge.

15. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in the County of Cambridge.

16. An act to enable Jane Mills to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates in the Parish of Aston-juxta-Birmingham in the County of Warwick, devised by the Will of the late Wriothesly Digby Esquire; and also to alter and amend the Power of leasing contained in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Wriothesly Digby Esquire.

17. An act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme Esquire to appropriate certain Parts of the accumulated Fund arising from the said Estates towards the Endowment of Benefices, the building of Churches, and for other Purposes. Page

18. An act for vesting certain Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Drypool within the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull and in the Parish of Sutton in the East Riding of the County of York respectively, late the Property of Robert Raikes Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

19. An act for giving effect to certain Powers as to Parts of the Settled Estates of the Most Noble Richard Plantagenet Duke of Buckingham and Chandos.

20. An act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to let and sell Parcels of Ground in Saint George's Fields near Bethlem Hospital to the Governors of the said Hospital.

21. An act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon within the Town of Harrow on the Hill in the County of Middlesex to grant improving Leases of their Estates at Harrow and Barnet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for explaining and amending an Act made and passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting the Manor of Oram, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Sussex, Part of the Settled Estates by the Will of Samuel Blunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for vesting the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

23. An act for vesting certain Parts of the devised Estates of Hannah Gilpin Sharp Widow, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold or demised, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for vesting certain Parts of the Entailed Estate of Ladykirk in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts affecting the same, and for other Purposes therewith connected.

25. An act for authorizing the granting of Leases of Part of the Estates in the County of Kent devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Darnley deceased.

26. An act to authorize the granting of Mining and Building Leases and Conveyances of Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of James Alexander Hodson Esquire, deceased, subject to the Trusts of such Will.

27. An act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to sell Building Ground in Saint Georges Fields.

28. An act for inclosing certain Lands called the West Croft and Burton Leys, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

29. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of West Beckham and Alby in the County of Norfolk.

30. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Almsworthy in the Parish of Exford in the County of Somerset.

31. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hartishead otherwise Hartshead in the Parish of Dewsbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

32. An act for inclosing, allotting, and improving certain Open Fields in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

33. An act for altering and amending certain Acts relating to the Churches of Saint Mark Saint Luke, and Saint Michael in the Borough of Liverpool.

34. An act for vesting the Estate called the Combe Bank Estate, late belonging to the Right Honourable Arthur Lord Templemore, deceased, in Trustees to sell the same, and to invest the Produce of such Sale for the Benefit of his infant Sons.

35. An act to authorize the Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent and Northampton, formerly belonging to William Marshall of Cliffords Inn in the City of London, Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes incidental thereto.

36. An act to enable Randolph Earl of Galloway, or the Heir in Possession of the Entailed Estates of Garlies, Baldoon, Newton Stewart, and others, in the County of Wigton and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to reclaim certain sleechy Ground on the Shores of the said Estates, and to drain and improve the Moss of Cree, Part thereof; and to burden the said Estates partially, and the reclaimed and improved Land, with the Expence; and also to burden the said Estates with certain Expences incurred by the said Earl in improving the same.

37. An act for vesting Parts of the Estates of Sir John Davie Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

38. An act for effecting an Exchange of Mines and Lands between Sir Benjamin Hall Baronet and others, and Capel Hanbury Leigh Esquire and others.

39. An act to authorize Conveyances in Fee Farm, or Demises for long Terms of Years under reserved Rents, of certain Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington.

40. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks to sell certain Real Estate discharged from certain Liabilities, and to invest the Purchase Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Real Estate, to be charged with such Liabilities.

41. An act for exchanging Freehold and Copyhold Estates belonging to John Motteux Esquire, in West Rudham and East Rudham in the County of Norfolk, for Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates in Darsingham in the same County, settled under the Will of Horatio Earl of Orford deceased.

42. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Real Estate devised by the Will of Henry Boulton Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the Monies to arise thereby.

43. An act for vesting the undivided Sixth Share of Ann Campbell Bligh Spinster, a Lunatic, as One of the Six Daughters and Co-heiresses of William Bligh Esquire, deceased, in certain Lands and Hereditaments in New South Wales of which the said William Bligh died seised, in Trustees, in whom the other Five undivided Sixth Shares are now vested, upon Trust for Sale.

44. An act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of the Reverend John Tempter Clerk, deceased, to exchange certain of the Real Estates thereby devised, situate in the County of Devon, for certain other Estates situate in the same County.

45. An act to enable William Russell Esquire to grant Leases of Coal Mines under the Lands within the Manor or Lordship of Brancepeth and other Lands in the County of Durham, devised by or subject to the Uses and Trusts of the Will and Codicil of William Russell Esquire, deceased, and the Will and Codicil of Matthew Russell Esquire, deceased.

46. An act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Rathkeale and Croagh in the County of Limerick.

47. An act for naturalizing John Christoph Kayser.

48. An act to enable William Beckett Esquire and his Issue Male to take the Name and bear the Arms of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner Widow, deceased.

49. An act for naturalizing Ernest Reuss.

50. An act for naturalizing Don Manuel de la Torre y Antũnano.

51. An act for naturalizing George Edward Biber.

52. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Johnstone Napier Esquire, a Lieutenant Colonel in the Military Service of the East India Company on their Madras Establishment, with Isabella his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Dionysius Lardner Clerk, Doctor of Civil Law, with Cecilia Lardner his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein, mentioned.

54. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Coode (otherwise Cood) Esquire with Jane his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

55. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Carleton Esquire with Rosamond Carleton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for naturalizing Nicola Ivanoff.

57. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Allison with Mary Ann his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Leigh Pemberton with Charlotte his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard John Sutcliffe Mellin Esquire with Jane Mellin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend William Andrew Weguelin Clerk with Emma his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for naturalizing Alexander Henry Augustus John Count de Saint George.

62. An act for naturalizing Samuel Aspinwall Goddard.
