Private Acts passed in 1840, 3 & 4 Victoria c.1 - c.53.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1840.
---

1. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Garboldisham in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Freethorpe, Limpenhoe, and Reedham, in the County of Norfolk.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Allerton in the Parish of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hagbourne otherwise East Hagbourne in the County of Berks.

5. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in the University of Cambridge and Daniel Gurney Esquire.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Whittlesea Saint Mary and Whittlesea Saint Andrew in the County of Cambridge.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thriplow in the County of Cambridge.

8. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Roger Forrest the elder to make Grants in Fee and Leases for Years, at reserved Rents, of certain Parts of his Trust Estates, situate in the Parish of Blackburn in the County of Lancaster.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Great Milton in the County of Oxford.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Dronfeld in the County of Derby.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llangerniew in the County of Denbigh.

12. An Act to enable the Rector of Weybridge in the County of Surrey for the Time being to grant Building Leases of Lands in the said Parish belonging to the said Rectory.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stoke Bruern and the Hamlet of Shutlanger otherwise Shuttlehanger in the said Parish of Stoke Bruern in the County of Northampton.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wicken in the County of Cambridge.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Quainton in the County of Buckingham.

16. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting certain Lands in the several Parishes of Saint Harmon, Nantmel, Llanyre, and Llanvihangel Helygan, in the County of Radnor.

17. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of David Woodhouse Gentleman, deceased, to sell Hereditaments thereby devised, and other Hereditaments subsequently conveyed to them, situate in the Parishes of Crich and Ashover in the County of Derby; and to lay out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Marriage Articles of Thomas Bacon Esquire to grant a new Lease to Richard Hill and Anthony Hill Esquires of an Iron Furnace, and Works and Mines, Privileges and Hereditaments held therewith, called Plymouth Works, in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvill in the County of Glamorgan.

19. An Act to discharge the Advowson of the Rectory of Doddington otherwise Dornington, with the Chapels of March and Benwick, from Rent-charges and Portions charged by Settlements affecting the same.

20. An Act for extending the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in the Will of George Isaac Mowbray Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes.

21. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates of Walter Stanley Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases.

22. An Act to authorize the Sale of a Mansion House purchased under the Trusts of the Will of the late John Julius Angerstein Esquire, deceased, and to authorize Leases to be made of the same, and also of certain Lands devised by the said Will.

23. An Act to enable the Trustees of Boteler's Free Grammar School at Warrington in the County of Lancaster to effect a Sale to John Wright Esquire of an Estate called the Arrowe Estate, in Arrowe in the County of Chester; and also to sell, exchange, and lease certain other Estates belonging to the said School; and also for the general Management of the said School; and for other Purposes.

24. An Act to vest certain Parts of the Lands and Estates comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton of Pencaitland on the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, now in the Possession of Mary Hamilton Campbell Lady Ruthven as Heiress of Entail thereof, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and apply the Proceeds, and also certain Sums arising from Sales of Parts of the said Lands under the Authority of an Act of Parliament passed to that Effect, towards the Payment of the Debts affecting the Lands and Barony of Winton, also in the Possession of the said Lady Ruthven as Heiress of Entail thereof, so as that the said Lands and Barony of Winton, free and disburdened of Debt, may descend along with the Estate of Pencaitland to the same Heirs of Entail.

25. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Robert Shuttleworth Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sale; and for authorizing Grants in Fee, and Building Leases for long Terms of Years, of the Residue of the same Estates; and for other Purposes.

26. An Act to enable Richard Gravenor and John Wood, the Committees of the Estate of Robert Gravenor, a Lunatic, to make Conveyances for carrying into execution a Partition or Division of Lands and Tenements directed by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery.

27. An Act to effect a Sale of an Estate in the Parishes of Tong and Shiffnall in the County of Salop called Ruckley Grange, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharge of Incumbrances, and other Purposes.

28. An Act for inclosing Swingfield Minnis otherwise Folkestone Common within the Manor, Hundred, Barony, and Royalty of Folkestone in the County of Kent.

29. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Entailed Estates of Archibald Lord Douglas of Douglas, lying in the County of Forfar, in Trustees, for the Purpose of feuing the same.

30. An Act to enable the Right Honorable John Savile Lumley Savile Earl of Scarborough to grant Leases of Coal Mines and other Mines and Minerals and Quarries under the Estates in the County of York comprised in or subject to the Uses of an Indenture of Appointment and Release of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and to make Conveyances in Fee, or Demises for long Terms of Years, of the same Estates, for building, repairing, or otherwise improving the same, under yearly Rents or other Reservations respectively; and to grant the Right and Privilege of making, laying down, and using Wayleaves, Railroads, or other Roads through or over any of the said Estates, under yearly or other Rents or Reservations.

31. An Act to enable William Chambers Esquire, and others, to grant Mining, Building, and other Leases of certain Estates in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the Will of Sir John Stepney Baronet, deceased.

32. An Act for empowering the Tenant for Life under the Will of Anthony Gregson Esquire, deceased, and the Trustees of the same Will, to sell and exchange certain Freehold Estates situate in the County of Northumberland and in the Town and Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Tithes respectively devised by such Will; and also to grant Mining and other Leases of the said Estates in the County of Northumberland) and of certain other Freehold Estates devised by the same Will situate in the County Palatine of Durham; and to grant Building, Repairing, and other Leases of the said Estates in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and Town and Borough of Berwick upon Tweed.

33. An Act for enabling the Revocation of a Term of Ninety-nine Years, and the Trusts, thereof, affecting the Settled Estate of John Whalley Esquire.

34. An Act for the Continuance of certain Powers contained in the Settlement on the Marriage of Charles Mostyn Esquire, now deceased, and for authorizing the Investment of the Monies to arise under the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in such Settlement in the Purchase of Estates in Ireland as well as in England and Wales.

35. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Duke of Bridgewater to make Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years of Parts of his Trust Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for building on and improving the same; and to grant Leases of Coal and other Mines, and of Waste Lands; and also for removing Doubts as to the Right of nominating a Minister to the Church or Chapel lately erected by the Right Honourable Lord Francis Egerton on Part of the said Trust Estates.

36. An Act for authorizing the Exchange of Parts of the Lands and Estates settled by the Will of the late Charles Bowyer Adderley Esquire, and the Sale of other Parts thereof.

37. An Act for naturalizing Charles Fiers.

38. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Swain.

39. An Act for naturalizing Friedrich Ludwig Leopold Hausburg.

40. An Act for naturalizing August Wilhelm Bernhard Promoli.

41. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Perry Esquire with Elizabeth Margaret his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

42. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Lloyd Esquire with Athalie Pulcherie Clotilde his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Schultze.

44. An Act for naturalizing Arnold Julius Wolff.

45. An Act for naturalizing Gregorio Jose Martinez del Rio.

46. An Act for naturalizing His Excellency Don Lorenzo Duke Sforza Cesarini.

47. An Act for naturalizing Alexander Liebert.

48. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ann Battersby with Arthur Battersby her now Husband, and to enable her to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Groome Deane with Rachael his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Warr with Betty his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Grant Esquire with Maria Theresa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Close with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

53. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward William Trafford Esquire with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

