Private Acts passed in 1841, 4 & 5 Victoria c.1 - c.59.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1841.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barnack with Pilsgate and Southorpe in the County of Northampton.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Collyweston, and within the Precincts of West Hay, in the County of Northampton.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Eccleshill in the Parish of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bury in the County of Sussex.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eccleshall in the County of Stafford.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gamlingay in the County of Cambridge.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Waningore in the County of Sussex.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Uplyme in the County of Devon.

9. An act for the Division of the Rectory of Winwick in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bedingham in the County of Norfolk.

11. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upper Heyford in the County of Oxford.

12. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheveley in the County of Cambridge.

13. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Whittlesea Saint Mary and Whittlesea Saint Andrew in the County of Cambridge.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marsh Gibbon in the County of Buckingham.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elsing in the County of Norfolk.

16. An act for inclosing the Commons, Droves, Banks, and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Leverington, Tid Saint Giles, and Outwell, in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

17. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tithing of Olveston within the Parish of Olveston in the County of Gloucester.

18. An act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Township and Manor of Brimington in the County of Derby.

19. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Hamlet of Coundon in the County of Warwick, and the Hamlet of Keresley in the County of Warwick and County of the City of Coventry, or one of them.

20. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whitmore in the County of Stafford.

21. An act for inclosing and improving Lands in the Parishes of Saint Helen and Saint Nicholas Abingdon, in the County of Berks.

22. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Horwood in the County of Buckingham.

23. An act for setting out and allotting certain Portions of the Lands in Whaddon Chase in the County of Buckingham in lieu of the Common Rights upon the said Chase, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

24. An act for severing the Chapelry of Rowley Regis from the Vicarage of Clent in the County of Stafford; and for the Sale of certain Lands situate in the Parish of Rowley Regis, and belonging to the Vicarage of Clent with the Chapelry of Rowley Regis annexed, and thereby providing a Residence and Maintenance for the Curate or Officiating Minister of Rowley Regis; and for other Purposes.

25. An act to empower the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to grant Building Leases in certain Parts of the City of Westminster; and for other Purposes.

26. An act to confirm to Sir Edward Bowyer Smyth Baronet the Advowson of District Churches within the Parish of Saint Giles, Camberwell, in the County of Surrey.

27. An act for vesting certain Real Estate devised by the Will of Thomas Whittaker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

28. An act for extending the Powers of the Trustees under the Settlement on the Marriage of the Reverend James Jackson with Miss Eliza Houlton.

29. An act for empowering the Trustees of Henry Bickerton Whitehouse and Mary his Wife, and of the Children of the said Mary Whitehouse, to lease or sell the Mines and Minerals in and under and to lease Part of the Surface of a certain Freehold Estate called the Hill Top Farm, situate in the Parish of Westbromwich in the County of Stafford, and also to sell the Estate.

30. An act for vesting the Lands and Barony of Lundin and the Lands of Aithernie, and certain other Heritages, in favour of James Erskine Wemyss Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, on Condition of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Methill, and other Lands, being settled in lieu thereof in Fee Tail.

31. An act to authorize the granting of Leases and Conveyances for Mining Purposes of Estates at Northwingfield in the County of Derby, the Property of Frederick Lord Clay and his Infant Son Richard Clay.

32. An act for vesting certain Estates situate in the County of Leicester, devised by the Will of Catherine Moyer Spinster, in Trustees, upon Trust to convey the same in Exchange for certain other Estates situate in the same County.

33. An act for selling a Part of the Entailed Estate of Newton in the County of Haddington, and applying the Price towards discharging Part of the Debts incurred in improving the said Entailed Estate; and also for exchanging certain Parts of the Entailed Estate for Lands held in Fee Simple.

34. An act to amend "An act for vesting Estates of which Gifford Warriner Esquire, a Lunatic, is Tenant in Tail, in Trustees for Sale, and also for effecting a Partition of certain Parts thereof, and for granting Leases;" and to enable the said Trustees to make Conveyances in Fee, subject to Rent-charges, and Leases for long Terms of Years at reserved Rents, of the unsold Portions of the said Estates, and to make Sale of the Rent-charges and of the Reversions in Fee expectant on the Leases.

35. An act for carrying into effect a Contract between Edward Gresley Stone and John Attwood Esquires for the Sale of the Coptfold Hall Estate in the County of Essex to the said John Attwood, and for investing the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and also for authorizing the Exchange of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, devised by the Will of John Stone Esquire, deceased.

36. An act for authorizing Leases to be granted of the Burross Estate in the Parish of Kingswinford in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Thomas Westwood deceased to Thomas Westwood during his Life, and after his Decease upon the Trusts of such Will.

37. An act to enable the Trustees of the Trust Estates in Scotland of John Bowes Lyon, late Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorn, deceased, to advance and pay certain yearly Sums on behalf of Thomas George Lyon Bowes commonly called Lord Glamis, his Grandnephew, who in certain Events will become entitled to the Trust Estates in question.

38. An act to enable the Trustees of the Hospital of Saint John the Baptist in the City of Winchester to effect an Exchange with Sir Edmund Antrobus Baronet, under the Authority of the Court of Chancery.

39. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Peter Dutton Esquire to make Sale of Part of the Estates devised by the same Will, and to lay out the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will, and to make Conveyances in Fee, or Demises for long Terms of Years, of other Part of the said Estates, for the Purpose of building on and otherwise improving the same; and also to apply a Sum of Money, arising from the Sale of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, in carrying the aforesaid Objects and Purposes into execution.

40. An act for ascertaining and defining the Glebe Land of the Rector of Abington alias Abingdon in the County of Northampton, and for building a Parsonage House for such Rector.

41. An act for effecting a Sale and Conveyance from the Feoffees or Trustees of the Parish of Saint Mildred Bread Street in the City of London to the Fishmongers Company, and for investing the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

42. An act to amend an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to authorize the Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent and Northampton, formerly belonging to William Marshall of Clifford's Inn in the City of London, Gentleman, deceased, and for other Purposes incidental thereto.

43. An act for effecting an Exchange between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk and the Trustees of a Charity in the said Borough called "The Children's Hospital."

44. An act for enlarging the Power to grant Leases contained in the Will of Alexander Lyon Emerson Doctor of Medicine, deceased; and for other Purposes.

45. An act to enable the Trustees of the Oldbury Charity to grant Building Leases.

46. An act for vesting in the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster Parts of the Town's Moor, for Sale or other Disposal thereof.

47. An act to enable the Trustees of the Chapelry of Smethwick in the County of Stafford to demise Coal and other Mines, and to grant Building Leases.

48. An act for naturalizing Henry William Ferdinand Bolckow.

49. An act for naturalizing Gustavus Heyn.

50. An act for naturalizing Frederick Salomo Bogdan.

51. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Divisions of Dovenby and Papcastle in the Parish of Bridekirk in the County of Cumberland.

52. An act for naturalizing Charles Christopher Burgett.

53. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Nathaniel Bogle French Shawe Esquire with Charlotte Shawe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Pascal Larkins Attorney at Law with Eliza Bird his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Harry Dent Goring Esquire with Augusta his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Wyatt Esquire with Elizabeth Grey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hall Esquire with Jemima Caroline his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

58. An act for naturalizing Marzio Francois Giordano.

59. An act for naturalizing Philipp Jacob Passavant, and Philipp Johann Passavant, Theodor Passavant, Mary Magdalen Johanna Passavant, Jacob Rudolph Passavant, and Henrietta Mariane Laura Louisa Augusta Passavant, his Children.

