Private Acts passed in 1842, 5 & 6 Victoria c.1 - c.59.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1842.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clee in the County of Lincoln.

2. An act for inclosing and dividing Wakeyhill Common in the Parish of Stapleton in the County of Cumberland.

3. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cottenham in the County of Cambridge.

4. An act for vesting certain Freehold Messuages, Fee Farm Rents, and Hereditaments, respectively situate and arising in the City of devised and settled by the Will of Broome Witts Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for laying out the Monies to be produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in the same Manner; and also for enabling the Trustees, as to some of such Messuages and Hereditaments, in the meantime, and until Sale thereof, to grant Leases thereof for the Term of Twenty-one Years, or, in order that the same may be repaired, rebuilt, or improved, for a longer Period.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingsclere in the County of Southampton.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Buckland in the County of Buckingham.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Huish Champflower, Clatworthy, and Brompton Ralph in the County of Somerset.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Yate in the County of Gloucester.

9. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ormesby Saint Margaret, Ormesby Saint Michael, Ormesby Saint Peter, and Ormesby Saint Andrew, and Scratby otherwise Scroteby, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Medbourn in the County of Leicester.

11. An act to enable the Trustees of Estates held upon charitable Trusts under the Will of Sir John Cass Knight, deceased, to make Sale of Part of the said Estates.

12. An act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James founded in Charterhouse to endow the Perpetual Curacy of Hartland in the County of Devon with a fixed Provision out of the Tithes of the Rectory of Hartland aforesaid, in substitution of their present Obligation, and to sell the Right of Presentation to the said Curacy, and the said Rectory and Tithes, and also certain Lands at Hartland aforesaid, and to invest the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Britwell Salome and Britwell Prior in the County of Oxford.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kilmington in the County of Devon.

15. An act for carrying into effect a Partition of and other Arrangements respecting Estates in the County of Southampton of Sir Frederick Hutchison Hervey Bathurst Baronet and Louisa Mary his late Wife, and of the Honourable Charlotte Georgina Harriet Craven Widow.

16. An act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Eleventh of King George the Fourth, and Seventh of His late Majesty, in regard to the Estates of Argyll; and to enable John Douglas Edward Henry, the present Duke of Argyll, to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to make the same a Charge on the said Estates; and for other Purposes.

17. An act for vesting certain Estates appointed and devised by the Will of George Manners Esquire, deceased, and purchased under the Trusts thereof, in Trustees to sell the same, and to invest the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An act for empowering the Trustees of Brewood Grammar School in the County of Stafford to make Sales and to grant Mining Leases of certain Parts of the Estates belonging to the said School, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter of York to raise Money for the Discharge of Debts, and for effecting the Restoration and Repair of the said Cathedral Church.

20. An act for selling the Entailed Estate of Monkwood in the County of Ayr, belonging to William Paterson Esquire, and investing the Price in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in lieu thereof.

21. An act to enable Duncan Davidson Esquire of Tulloch to execute a new Entail of his Lands and Estates of Tulloch, for the Purpose of rectifying a Mistake in a former Entail thereof; and for vesting Parts of these Lands and Estates in Trustees, for relieving the said Duncan Davidson of Sums laid out in improving the same; and for certain other Uses and Purposes.

22. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Duke of Cleveland to grant Mining, Building, and other Leases of the Trust Estates in the County of Durham devised by the Will of the Duke of Cleveland, and to sell or exchange Parts of the same Estates.

23. An act for granting further Power to lease Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Richard late Viscount Fitzwilliam deceased, situate in the City of Dublin and the Neighbourhood thereof, and for authorizing the Sale of certain Fee Farm and other Rents, also devised by that Will.

24. An act for authorizing the raising, by Mortgage of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Earl of Devon, a limited Sum of Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in repaying to the present Earl and Lord Courtenay the whole or a Portion of the Monies already expended by them for the Repair and Restoration of the Castle of Powderham and the Buildings belonging thereto, and towards completing such Repair and Restoration; and for making Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Money so to be raised, and also for the Liquidation of the Principal; also for extending the Power to grant Building Leases contained in the Will of the said late Earl.

25. An act for discharging the Borough, Hundred, and Manor of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and other Estates in the same County, from the Portions of the younger Children of the Right Honorable John Lord Sherborne, and the younger Children of the Honorable James Henry Legge Dutton, and from the Terms created for raising the same.

26. An act for effecting a Partition, Division, or Allotment of Estates in the Counties of York, Suffolk, and Essex, devised by the Will of Atkinson Francis Gibson, late of Saffron Walden in the County of Essex, Brewer, deceased.

27. An act for carrying into effect certain Provisions contained in the Will of Thomas Swinnerton Esquire, deceased, relative to the building of a Mansion House on the Testator's Estate at Butterton in the County of Stafford, and building a Church or Chapel on the said Estate; and for other Purposes.

28. An act for authorizing the Sale of Portions of the Real Estate devised by the Will of Jane Countess Dowager of Rosse deceased, and for the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and for the authorizing the granting of Farming and Building Leases of the same Estates.

29. An act for better enabling the Trustees of the Will of the late Charles Calland Esquire to grant Building and Farming and Mining and other Leases of certain Estates situate in the County of Glamorgan, devised by the said Will, and to sell certain Portions of the same Estates, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

30. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater to raise Money for rebuilding Bridgewater House, and for repairing and improving the Bridgewater Canal; and for other Purposes.

31. An act to extend a Power of Leasing contained in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Lord Southampton and Harriet Lady Southampton his Wife.

32. An act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of the Honourable Edward Mostyn Lloyd Mostyn of Mostyn in the County of Flint in Trustees, upon Trust to sell, mortgage, or exchange the same, and to lay out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Payment of Debts, Charges, and Mortgages upon or affecting the same, or other Estates settled to the same Uses, or in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

33. An act to enable George Marquis of Tweeddale to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of his Entailed Estates, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

34. An act for confirming certain Conveyances in Perpetuity made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland and the present Bishop of Derry and Raphoe of Parts of the Mensal Lands of the See of Derry, and for confirming certain Leases made by the same Bishop and his immediate Predecessor in the See of Derry of other Parts of the Mensal Lands of the same See; also for enabling the Bishop of Derry and Raphoe for the Time being to grant Leases of the Parts last mentioned, and certain other Parts of the Mensal Lands of the See of Derry; and for other Purposes.

35. An act to extend the Provisions of Two Acts, of the Second Year of King William the Fourth and the First Year of Her present Majesty, relating to the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth in Birmingham in the County of Warwick,

36. An act to enable William Stuart Stirling Esquire, the Heir in possession of the Entailed Estate of Milton in the County of Lanark, and his Successors, to grant Feu Rights thereof.

37. An act for enabling the Most Noble Richard Plantagenet Grenville Nugent Chandos Temple Duke of Buckingham and Chandos to grant Underleases of Lands situate in or near the Town of Ryde in the Isle of Wight, and to authorize the granting of Leases of other Lands situate in or near the same Place, belonging to Elizabeth Lydia Lind and others.

38. An act to enable the Right Honourable William Lewis Lord Dinorben, by Mortgage of certain Hereditaments devised to him for Life with Remainders over by the Will and Codicils of the Reverend Edward Hughes, to raise not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds at Interest, for rebuilding the Mansion and Offices at Kinmel Park, devised by the said Will and Codicils to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

39. An act to amend and explain the Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty George the Fourth, Chapter 11, intituled An Act to explain and modify the Trust Settlement of the late Louis Cauvin, for the Endowment and Maintenance of an Hospital for the Support and Education of Boys; and further to explain and modify the said Trust Settlement.

40. An act for enabling the Trustees for the Time being of Hele's Charity Estates to grant Leases for absolute Terms, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, of certain Estates vested in them as such Trustees, and situate in the Parishes of Clist Saint Lawrence, Broadclyst, Stoke-inteignhead, Bovey Tracey, and Newton Ferrers, in the County of Devon; and for confirming certain Leases of Parts of such Estates already granted, and for fixing the Proportions in which the Rents reserved and to be reserved by such Leases, and such other Profits of the said Estates as have accrued and shall accrue after the granting of such Leases thereof respectively, shall be divided and enjoyed; and for other Purposes.

41. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Reveley Esquire with the Right Honourable Lady Georgina Jemima Mitford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

42. An act for naturalizing the Reverend Henry George Bunsen.

43. An act for naturalizing Bernhard Willhelm Edouard Liebert.

44. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Castlerigg and Derwentwater in the Parish of Crosthwaite in the County of Cumberland.

45. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John otherwise Jean Louis Mieville with Mary Ann his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An act for naturalizing Charles Jacques Marion Fierville.

47. An act for naturalizing Frederick William Benecke.

48. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Baskervyle Glegg Esquire the younger with Elizabeth Glegg his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

49. An act for naturalizing Joshua Bates.

50. An act for naturalizing Samuel Stillman Gair.

51. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Ashton Esquire with Anne Jane otherwise Jane Anne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An act for naturalizing Pierre Lambert Flavian Rouma and others.

53. An act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Lesbazeilles and others.

54. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hawkes with Fanny his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

55. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Joseph Vere with Ellen Sarah his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

56. An act to dissolve the Marriage of George William Henry Coward with Ann Coward his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

57. An act for naturalizing Pierre Frederic Eugene Verconsin.

58. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Street with Eliza Street his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Sewell Esquire with Margaret Susannah his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

