Private Acts passed in 1843, 6 & 7 Victoria c.1 - c.39.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1843.
---

1. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Littleton in the County of Southampton.

2. An act for confirming a Settlement and Jointure Provision made by the Right Honourable Thomas William Earl of Leicester, of Holkham in the County of Norfolk, during his Minority, out of certain entailed Estates in the County of Norfolk, in favour of Juliana Whitbread Spinster, in contemplation of their Marriage.

3. An act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Hamlet of Grafton, situate in that Part of the Parish of Langford which lies in the County of Oxford.

4. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Gransden in the County of Huntingdon.

5. An act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Charlwood in the County of Surrey.

6. An act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cliffe-cum-Lund in the Parish of Hemingbrough in the East Riding of the County of York.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chalgrove in the County of Oxford.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Haddenham in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

9. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Bromley in the County of Essex.

10. An act for inclosing Lands in Sowerby and Soyland in the Parish of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An act for vesting the entailed Estates of Wester Fairnie and others in the County of Fife, belonging to Francis Balfour Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same, or such Part thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Estates.

12. An act for authorizing Surrenders of certain Leases for Lives of Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Cornwall (late the Estate and Property of Sir Christopher Hawkins Baronet, deceased,) by the Tenants for Life in Possession under his Will, and other Persons, and the Acceptance of renewed Leases, with certain Exceptions and Reservations.

13. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leighton Bussard in the County of Bedford.

14. An act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Eglwys-rhos, Llandudno, and Llangwstenin in the County of Carnarvon, and in the Parish of Llandrillo in the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon or either of them.

15. An act to enable John Lord Cray to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of his entailed Estates of Gray and Kinfauns; and to extinguish certain Claims for Money laid out in Improvements affecting the said Estates.

16. An act for the Division of the Rectory of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing Sales and Conveyances in Fee, or Leases for long Terms of Years, for Building Purposes, and other Dispositions, to be made of the Lands and Revenues belonging to the said Rectory and to the Vicarage of for the Endowment of such separate Rectories and the Augmentation of such Vicarage.

17. An act to enable the Most Noble James Marquess of Abercorn to uplift certain Sums of Money lying in Bank, and to borrow upon the Security of the entailed Estates of Paisley and Duddingstone such further Sum as may be necessary, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out on the Improvement of the said Estates; and to enlarge the Power of feuing the same.

18. An act for authorizing the Disposition, by way of Partition, Lease, or Sale, of certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging in Possession and in Expectancy to the Ladies Horatia Elizabeth and Ida Anna grave, Infants, of and in the Manors of Whittlesey otherwise Whittlesea Saint Mary and Saint Andrew, and the Rectories of Whittlesey otherwise Whittlesea Saint Mary and Saint Andrew, and certain Rent-charges created in Commutation of Tithes, Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

19. An act for vesting in Charles Noel Welman Esquire and his Heirs certain Estates in the Parishes of Trull, Pitminster, Wilton, and Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Somerset, holden under the Marriage Settlements of Charles Noel Earl of Gainsborough and Elizabeth his first Wife, deceased, discharged from the Uses of the same Settlements and of all subsequent Assurances, and for substituting and settling certain Estates in the Parish of Weston Zoyland in the same County in lieu thereof and to the like Uses.

20. An act to authorize the granting of Building and Repairing Leases of Lands in the County of Kent formerly belonging to Francis McCulloh, George Boone Roupell, and James Browne Horner in undivided Shares.

21. An act for enlarging the Power to grant Building Leases contained in the Will of John Wilkinson Esquire, Doctor of Physic, deceased; and for other Purposes.

22. An act for authorizing Leases and Setts to be granted of and in an Estate in the Parish of Newlyn in the County of Cornwall, devised by the Will of John Oxnam deceased to John Oxnam for his Life, with divers Remainders over.

23. An act for settling and establishing the Rights of the resident Freemen and resident Widows of Freemen of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed in the Property vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of that Borough; and for other Purposes.

24. An act for rendering valid a certain Award as to the Commons of Saggart within the Parish of Saggart in the County of Dublin.

25. An act for authorizing the Sale of Portion of the Real Estate devised by the Will of Richard Fox of Foxhall in the County of Longford, Esquire, deceased, and vesting the Residue thereof in Richard Maxwell Fox of Foxhall aforesaid, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Richard Maxwell Fox in the Right Honourable Henry Lord Baron in lieu thereof, to the Uses and upon the Trusts of the said Will.

26. An act to vest certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Duchall in the County of Renfrew in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof in discharging the Debts and Provisions affecting the said entailed Estate, and, if necessary, in purchasing the Teinds thereof.

27. An act to confirm Two existing Leases, and to enable the Reverend James White, and the Persons for the Time being entitled to certain Estates situate in the Parish of Bonchurch in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Charles Hill Esquire, deceased, to accept Surrenders of existing Leases, and to grant new Leases in lieu thereof.

28. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable John Earl of Shrewsbury, in the Counties of Oxford, Chester, Salop, Worcester, and Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses and subject to the same Restrictions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for enabling certain Persons, on behalf of John Weston (a Person of unsound Mind) and Sarah his Wife and of John Jones (also a Person of unsound Mind), to join in carrying into effect a Compromise and Arrangement with other Parties for a Division of the Real Estates of Arthur Gramer Miller deceased, according to a Rule of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer of Pleas.

30. An act to enable Thomas Fuller Drought Esquire and his Issue Male to take the Surname and use the Arms of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell Baronet, deceased.

31. An act for naturalizing Dame Virginie Marie the Wife of Sir Peter Hesketh Fleetwood Baronet.

32. An act to enable Henry Caswall Clerk to exercise his Office of a Priest, and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

33. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Nicholas Kendall Esquire with Mary Anne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Watson Esquire with the Honorable Catharine Georgiana his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act to declare that certain Persons therein mentioned are not Children of the Most Honourable George Ferrars Marquis Townshend.

36. An act to dissolve the Marriage of John Todhunter with Rosa Matilda his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Oliver Jackson Esquire with Georgiana Maria Jane Jackson his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

38. An act for naturalizing Carl Joachim Hambro.

39. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Herbert Morgan Esquire, a Lieutenant in Her Majesty's First or Royal Regiment of Dragoons, with Elizabeth Morgan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

