Private Acts passed in 1844, 7 & 8 Victoria c.1 - c.49.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1844.
---

1. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bury in the County of Huntingdon.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon.

3. An Act to enable the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Bow Brickhill in the County of Buckingham to sell certain Parcels of Land in the said Parish which were allotted to them under the Award of the Commissioners made in pursuance of the Bow Brickhill and Fenny Stratford Inclosure Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of King George the Third.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandes Burton in the County of York.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Haltwhistle in the Parish of Haltwhistle in the County of Northumberland.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Lordships of Farrington and Cwmgilla in the Parish of Knighton in the County of Radnor.

7. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for inclosing certain Lands in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bleddfa and Llangunllo in the County of Radnor.

9. An Act for enabling George Edwards and Walter Colbourn, the Committees of the Estate of William Beckett a Person of unsound Mind, to make Conveyances for carrying into execution an Agreement for the Partition or Division of the Real Estates of William Orme deceased, pursuant to an Order of the High Court of Chancery.

10. An Act for authorizing a new Entail to be made of those Parts of the Lands and Estate of Blythswood which lie in the County of Lanark; and for enabling Archibald Campbell Esquire, of Blythswood, the Heir in possession of the said Estate, and his Successors, with Consent of Trustees, to sell or grant Feus of certain Parts thereof; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

11. An Act to enable Archibald Marquess of Ailsa to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of his entailed Estates of Cassillis and Culzean, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

12. An Act to authorize the Sale of the Fee Simple of the Estates of Francis Hale Rigby of Mistley in the County of Esquire, deceased, as devised by his Will, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale.

13. An Act for selling the entailed Estate of Schivas in the County of Aberdeen, belonging to Alexander Forbes Irvine Esquire, and for investing the Price thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in lieu of the said Estate.

14. An Act for carrying into effect a Contract between Edward Stone and Thomas Fulljames Esquires for the Sale to the said Thomas Fulljames of an Estate in the Parishes of Hasfield, Ashleworth, and Corse, in the County of Gloucester, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Stone Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and for vesting certain other detached Estates in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, devised by the same Will, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

15. An Act to authorize the Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate in the County of Kent, Part of the settled Estate of the Earl of Guilford.

16. An Act to enable Sir James John Randoll Mackenzie of Scatwell, Baronet, to add certain Lands and Estates belonging to him in Fee Simple to his entailed Estate, upon certain Terms and Conditions, and to borrow certain Sums of Money upon the Security of his entailed Estate, for Repayment of certain Claims for Money laid out and to be laid out in Improvements upon the said Estate.

17. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Parts of the entailed Estate of Seaforth, to be sold, and the Price applied in Payment of the Entailer's Debts, and the Surplus to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands; for enabling the Heiress in possession to borrow a Sum of Money on the Credit of the said entailed Estates; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

18. An Act for authorizing the Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Meath and Cavan, limited by the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Pierce Morton and Louisa Morton otherwise Somerville, his Wife, and for applying the Monies thence arising in Payment of Incumbrances affecting the said Estates prior to said Settlement.

19. An Act to authorize the Sale of certain Estates and Mines belonging to the Chapel of Willenhall in the Parish of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford; and to provide a Residence for the Incumbent of the Chapel.

20. An Act to enable the Guardian of Henry Peach Keighley Peach, an Infant, to sell the next Presentation to the Rectory and Parish Church of Idlicote in the County of Warwick.

21. An Act for enlarging the Powers contained in the Will of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, deceased, to grant Leases of the Hereditaments in the Townships of Huddersfield, Honley, Dalton, and Aldmondbury, devised by such Will; and for other Purposes.

22. An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of the late Mr. Jonathan Passingham to grant Leases of the devised Estates, with Licences to dig Brick Earth; and to raise Monies upon Parts of the said Estates; and for the Purchase of an adjoining Property; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Marriage Settlement of William Henry Bowen Jordan Wilson Esquire to sell the Estates comprised in the same Settlement, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

24. An Act for enabling Trustees to sell the Estates devised by and settled to the Uses of the Will of William Harris Esquire, deceased, and for authorizing the laying out of the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

25. An Act for carrying into effect a Compromise of a Suit for raising Portions for the younger Children of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le Despencer deceased, out of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Lord Le Despencer deceased at Mereworth in the County of Kent and elsewhere in the said County; and also for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of certain Parts of the said settled Estates.

26. An Act to enable Thomas Alexander Baron Lovat to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of his entailed Estates, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

27. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir George William Tapps Gervis Baronet, deceased, to convey a Church at Bournemouth in the County of Southampton to Her Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, and to endow the same.

28. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of William Atkins Bowyer Esquire, deceased, to grant building, improving, and other Leases of certain Estates at Clapham in the County of Surrey, devised by the said Will and the Second Codicil thereto to the Trustees therein named.

29. An Act for effecting an Exchange of the entailed Estate of Rosehall, belonging to the Right Honourable James Edward Lord Cranstoun, situated in the County of Sutherland, for certain Lands in the County of Kincardine belonging to James Matheson Esquire, of Achany.

30. An Act for confirming and carrying into execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Charles James Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Thistlethwayte Esquire, Thomas Somers Cocks Esquire, Christopher Hodgson Esquire, the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, and the Grand Junction Waterworks Company; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting Parts of the Estates of William Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon trust to be sold; and for paying off a Mortgage Debt of Eight thousand two hundred Pounds due to James Parkinson Esquire, out of the first Purchase Monies; and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

32. An Act for annexing to the united Bishopricks of Down, Connor, and Dromore the House known as Down and Connor House, with the Appurtenances; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act to confirm certain Contracts for Leases made and entered into by James Weller Ladbroke Esquire of Lands and Premises at or near Notting Hill in the County of Middlesex and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable James Weller Ladbroke Esquire and others to grant Building Leases of Lands in Kensington, Paddington, Notting Barns, and Westborne, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

34. An Act to explain an Act passed in the First Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of the Real Estate devised by the Will of the Right Honourable William Henry Earl of Rochford deceased, and for the Application of the Produce thereof; and for authorizing the granting of Leases of the same Estate; and for other Purposes; and for extending the Operation of such Act to certain Parties whose Consent thereto was required,

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Sang.

36. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Schuster.

37. An Act for naturalizing Dame Susan Victoria, Widow of Sir James Nugent Baronet, deceased.

38. An Act for naturalizing Antonio Lascaridi.

39. An Act for naturalizing Michael Spartali.

40. An Act for naturalizing Paul Cababe.

41. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Figge.

42. An Act for naturalizing Henri Victor Malan.

43. An Act to enable Mary Bean Widow, and her Issue, and Edward Whitley Esquire and Charlotte his Wife, and the Issue of the said Charlotte Whitley, respectively to take the Surname and use the Arms of Rodbard.

44. An Act for naturalizing Dionysius Onufri Marianski.

45. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Archbutt the younger, Gentleman, with Mary Amelia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for authorizing the Endowment of the Curacies of Werrington and Saint Giles-in-the-Heath in the County of Devon, and the Alienation and Conveyance of the Rights of Patronage of the same Curacies respectively to Persons who shall further endow the same; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

47. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cheape Esquire, a Lieutenant Colonel in the Military Service of the Honourable East India Company, with Amelia Frances Chicheley Cheape his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Hough, a Major in the Military Service of the Honourable East India Company, with Sophia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Foreman Gape with Fanny Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

