Private Acts passed in 1845, 8 & 9 Victoria c.1 - c.37.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1845.
---

1. An act for the disposing of Part of the Estates of the late Charles Calvert Esquire, in pursuance of the Directions of a certain Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and for confirming the Sale of such Parts thereof as have been sold.

2. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Foulmire in the County of Cambridge.

3. An act to empower John Douglas Edward Henry Duke of Argyll to charge the Dukedom and Estate of Argyll with certain Provisions to the Marchioness of Lorne, and to the younger Children of the Marriage between her and the Marquis of Lorne.

4. An act for amending an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for confirming and carrying into effect a Partition and Division of the Real and Personal Estate of William Molyneux Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An act for enabling the Honourable Percy Barrington, Second Son of the Right Honourable William Keppel Viscount Barrington, a Minor, and Louisa Higgins, Spinster, also a Minor, to execute Settlements of the Fortune of the said Louisa Higgins, prior to and in contemplation of the Marriage between the said Percy Barrington and the said Louisa Higgins.

6. An act to repeal so much of an Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary in or near the Borough of Leicester as relates to the Regulation and Management of the Freemen's Allotments; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

7. An act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

8. An act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Spoad, Treverward, Purlogue, Menutton, Pentrehodrey, Hobarris, and Hobendrid in the Parish of Clun within the Manor or Lordship of Clun in the County of Salop.

9. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Division of the Rectory of Winwick in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

10. An act for authorizing Building Leases to be granted of Parts of the Estate devised by the Will of William Turner Esquire, deceased, the Investment of Monies bequeathed by the same Will in the Purchase or on Mortgage of Real Estates, and for other Purposes.

11. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kidwelly, Saint Mary in Kidwelly, Saint Ishmael, and Pembrey, in the County of Carmarthen.

12. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Third, Chapter Ten, relating to Morden College.

13. An act to authorize Grants in Fee and Leases for long Terms of Years for Building Purposes of the Settled Estate of John Hawkins Esquire, deceased situate in Cheetham in the Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

14. An act to authorize the Sale of the Fee Simple of Part of the Settled Estates of Miss Elizabeth Mainwaring Ellerker and Miss Harriet Mainwaring Ellerker deceased, situate in the County of York, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Payment of Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of other Estates.

15. An act for granting Building and Fanning Leases of the Estates in Surrey devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Frederick John Lord Monson deceased; and for other Purposes.

16. An act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Wills of Francis Gildart and John Gildart, Esquires, deceased, in Trustees for Sale.

17. An act to enable the Trustees of Sir Thomas White's Charity Estates in the City of Coventry to make Sale of Part of such Charity Estates; and for other Purposes.

18. An act for enabling Richard Ellison Esquire and his Trustees to grant Leases of the Fossdyke Navigation in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

19. An act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of King George the Third, for enabling the Vicar of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Vicarage.

20. An act to enable the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, to carry into effect a Contract entered into by them for the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates belonging to the said College in the Isle of Wight, and to invest the Purchase Money in other Estates for the Benefit of the said College.

21. An act for vesting certain Lands and other Hereditaments devised by the Will of Sir Thomas Coxhead deceased in Trustees, upon trust to sell the same, and to grant Leases thereof for building and other Purposes.

22. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late William Henry Robinson Esquire to raise Money by way of Mortgage of his Real Estates, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act to enable Sir Robert Keith Dick of Prestonfield Baronet, Heir of Entail in possession of the Entailed Estates of Prestonfield and Corstorphine in the County of Edinburgh, to feu and sell certain Parts of the said Estates, and to bear the Surname of Cunyngham and Arms of "Cunyngham of Lamburghtoun" alongst with the Surname and Arms of Dick of Prestonfield.

24. An act to enable the Assignees of the Estate of Thomas Blayds Molyneux, a Bankrupt, to sell his Real Estates discharged from a Jointure, and certain Portions and Legacies charged thereon.

25. An act to revive and extend the Powers of Sale and Exchange, and the Powers to make Conveyances in Fee and Demises for Building Purposes, respectively contained in the Will of John Rigby Fletcher Esquire, deceased, and to enable the Trustees to grant Leases of Coal and other Mines under the Lands devised by his said Will; and to authorize the Appointment of new Trustees of the Settlement thereby made of the Testator's Real Estate; and for other Purposes.

26. An act for authorizing the Sale of certain Portions of the Real Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of John Bowes late Earl of Strathmore, and for authorizing the Purchase of other Real Estates, including Lands held for long Terms of Years, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will and Codicils, and for extending the Power of granting Mining Leases given by the said Will; and for other Purposes.

27. An act to vest the Estates and Property constituting the Trust Estate of The Blue Coat Charity School in Birmingham in the County of Warwick in new Trustees upon consolidated Trusts, and to provide for the Management of the said Estates and Property, and for the good Government of the said School; and for other Purposes.

28. An act to carry into effect a Partition between John Michael Severne Esquire and Anna Maria his Wife, and others, of Estates in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, Warwick, Oxford, and Leicester.

29. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into by them with the Right Honourable Francis Egerton commonly called Lord Francis Egerton, and to raise Money for the Purposes expressed in the said Articles of Agreement; and for other Purposes.

30. An act for authorizing and enabling Sales to be made of Estates respectively situate in the Parishes of Evercreeck, East Pennant, and in Bruton, and in other Parishes or Places in the County of Somerset, devised by the Will of Thomas Sampson Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes.

31. An act to authorize the Sale of Settled Estates of the Most Honourable the Marquis of Donegall in Ireland, in order to pay off Mortgage and other Incumbrances.

32. An act for carrying into effect a Contract between the Governors and Trustees of Sir William Poston's Free School at North Walsham in the County of Norfolk and Robert Rising Esquire, for the Sale to the said Robert Rising of an Estate belonging to the said Governors and Trustees, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in discharge of certain Debts due from them, and investing the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Trusts.

33. An act for enlarging the Powers contained in the Will of the Most Honourable Robert Marquess of Westminster deceased to grant Building Leases of the Estates devised by the said Will, in the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square and Saint John the Evangelist within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

34. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Britten with Jane Britten his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

35. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heaviside Esquire with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

36. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Henry Shuldham Esquire with Frances Anne Hamilton Shuldham his now Wife; and for other Purposes.

37. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Lestock Boileau Esquire with Margaret Boileau his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

