Private Acts passed in 1846, 9 & 10 Victoria c.1 - c.51.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1846.
---

1. Act for vesting the Real Estates of the Right Honourable Charles John late Earl of Blesinton, deceased, in the County and County of the City of Dublin, the City of Kilkenny, and the County of Tyrone, in Trustees for Sale, for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes.

2. An Act for selling such Parts of the entailed Lands and Estates of Hempriggs lying in the County of Caithness, belonging to Sir George Dunbar Baronet, as may be necessary for the Payment of the Debts and Obligations affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates.

3. An Act to enlarge the Powers of leasing the Estates comprised in an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to authorize the Sale of Settled Estates of the Most Honourable the Marquess of Donegall in Ireland, in order to pay off Mortgage and other Incumbrances; and for other Purposes.

4. An Act for vesting certain undivided Shares in Estates devised by the Will of Joseph Solly Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sale; and for other Purposes.

5. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting certain Lands within the Manor or Lordship of Gollon, situate in the several Parishes of Llanbadarn-Vynydd, Llanano, Llanbister, Llandewy-Ystradenny, Abbey Cwmhir, and Saint Harmon, in the County of Radnor.

6. An Act for empowering the Tenants for Life under the Wills of Miss Mary Cary and Adam Askew Esquire, deceased, and Trustees during Minorities, to grant Building Leases; and for other Purposes.

7. An Act for the Division of the Rectory of Upwell cum Welney in the County of Norfolk and in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, inclosing, and draining the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Hamlet or Township of Frilford in the Parish of Marcham in the County of Berks.

9. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Hereditaments in the County of Kent devised by the Will of Henry Dudderidge Gentleman, to enable them to carry into execution an Agreement between his Devisees in Trust and Alexander James Beresford Hope Esquire, for the Sale thereof, and for subjecting the Bank Annuities, the Produce of the Purchase Money, to the same Trusts.

10. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Hereditaments in the County of Kent the Estate of Emma Bedford Videan, a Lunatic, to enable them to carry into execution a Treaty between her Husband, Mr. Joseph Videan, and Alexander James Beresford Hope Esquire, for the Sale thereof; also for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of Bank Annuities, to be held as Real Estate in trust for the said Emma Bedford Videan and her Heirs.

11. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Archbishop of York, the Earl of Carlisle, and Viscount Morpeth.

12. An Act to enable Andrew Wauchope Esquire, of Niddrie Marischall, to uplift certain Sums of Money lying in Bank, and to be consigned therein, and to borrow upon the Security of his entailed Estates such further Sums as may be necessary for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out and to be laid out in the Improvement of the said Estates.

13. An Act to vest in Trustees in Fee Simple the entailed Lands of Haltree and others, for the Purpose of selling the same, and applying the Price in Payment of Debts which affect or may be made to affect the same; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

14. An Act to enable the Trustees of the settled Estate of William Cullen to sell to Alexander James Beresford Hope Esquire, before the appointed Time under the Settlement, a Portion of that Estate for which an Offer has been made them by him.

15. An Act for authorizing Leases to be granted for Mining and other Purposes of Estates in the County of Glamorgan belonging to Walter de Winton Esquire (an Infant), Tenant in Tail under the Will of Walter Wilkins Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes.

16. An Act to enable the Trustees or Guardians appointed by Joseph Thomson of Norton-hall of Eildon, deceased, to sell the said Lands of Nortonhall of Eildon, and also the Half of a Storey of a House in Saint Mary's Wynd, Edinburgh, and relative Policy of Insurance, vested in them in trust, and apply the Price to be obtained, and certain Trust Monies in their Hands, in the Purchase of other Lands, for the Purposes of the said Trust.

17. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of the Marriage Articles of Thomas Bacon Esquire to grant a new Lease to Richard Hill and Anthony Hill Esquires of an Iron Furnace, and Works and Mines, and Privileges and Hereditaments held therewith, called Plymouth Works, in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvill in the County of Glamorgan; and for better carrying the same Act into effect.

18. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement respecting the Estates of the Corporation of the Borough of Ludlow, and other Estates vested in the said Corporation, in trust, either partly or in whole, for certain charitable Uses; and for appropriating certain Estates to the Charity herein-after mentioned, and declaring the Trusts thereof; and for making Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Corporation; and other Purposes.

19. An Act to authorize the Sale of Part of the Charity Estates vested in the Master, Wardens, and Brethren and Sisters of the Guild or Fraternity of the Blessed Mary the Virgin of the Mystery of Drapers of the City of London, upon the Trusts of the Will of Thomas Howell deceased.

20. An Act to enable William Ramsay Ramsay of Barnton, Heir of Entail in possession of Barnton and other Estates in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow Money upon the Security of the said Estates for the Repayment of Monies laid out in the Improvement of the said Estate, and to enable him and his Successors to grant Feus of certain Parts thereof; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

21. An Act for vesting Estates in the Parish of West Bromwich in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Joseph Barrs deceased, and the Mines and Minerals under the same, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to grant Leases of such Estates, and to grant, demise, or sell the Coal, Ironstone, and other Minerals in or under the same.

22. An Act for burdening or selling a Portion of the entailed Estate of Cumbernauld in the County of Dumbarton, for Payment of Debt.

23. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Edmund Yates Esquire, deceased, to sell the Estates in the County of Kent devised by the same Will, and to invest the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Public Funds.

24. An Act to incorporate the Governors and Managers appointed under the Trust Disposition and Settlement of Robert Philp of Edenshead, deceased, and to explain and extend the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Deed.

25. An Act to enable John Eden Spalding, with the Consent of a Trustee, to lease the Mines and Minerals within the Lands of Holm and other Lands and Estates in the Stewartry of Kircudbright in Scotland.

26. An Act to enable the Trustees acting under the Will of the late Sir John Webb Baronet, deceased, to concur with other Parties, under the Sanction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Sale and Conveyance of certain Estates in the County of Dorset and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole devised by the said Testator, and of Estates subsequently acquired by the Trustees of his said Will, and subject to the Trusts of the said Will.

27. An Act to vest in Trustees in Fee Simple the entailed Estate of Overshiels in the County of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of selling the same, and purchasing other Lands to be entailed in lieu thereof.

28. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity and Trust Estates at and near the Town of Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk to carry into effect a Contract for the Sale of Parts thereof to the Lowestoft Railway and Harbour Company; and to enable the said Trustees, and the Trustees of other Charity and Trust Estates at and near the said Town of Lowestoft, to grant Leases for long Terms of Years for Building Purposes of the said Estates or Parts thereof; and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to extend the Powers of Sale and Exchange and the Power to grant Building Leases respectively contained in the Will of Sir George William Tapps Gervis deceased; and to empower the Trustees of the said Will to raise Money by Mortgage for the Improvement of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will; and to confirm a Contract for an Exchange entered into by the said Trustees with the Right Honourable James Howard Harris Earl of Malmesbury.

30. An Act to give further Powers to the Trustees of the Will of the late Duke of Cleveland for the Management of the Trust Estates in the County of Durham by the said Will devised.

31. An Act to vest the Estates in Ireland settled by the Will of Bindon Scott deceased in Trustees, for the Purposes therein set forth.

32. An Act to unite and to incorporate the Trustees of certain Charities established by Humphrey Booth the elder, Esquire, and by Humphrey Booth Esquire, his Grandson, respectively; and to amend an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands belonging to the Poor of Salford in the County Palatine of Lancaster to grant Building Leases thereof; and to make further Provision for the beneficial Management and Administration of the several Charity Estates and Charities of the said Humphrey Booth the elder, and Humphrey Booth, his Grandson, respectively.

33. An Act to enable the Trustees appointed by Mrs. Jane Ferguson deceased to sell the Lands of Laverocklaw, and also certain Subjects situate in the Village of Ormiston, vested in them in trust, and to apply the Price to be obtained, and certain Trust Monies in their Hands, in the Purchase of other Lands, for the Purposes of the said Trust.

34. An Act for enabling the President and Fellows of Sion College within the City of London to raise Money by way of Annuity on Part of their Estates.

35. An Act for facilitating the raising of the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds settled upon the Vicar for the Time being of the Parish of All Hallowes in the Town of Northampton, in lieu of Tithes, by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second.

36. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble William Harry late Duke of Cleveland to grant Leases and make Sale of the Bathwick and Wrington Estates in the County of Somerset.

37. An Act to enable the Most Noble Henry Charles Duke of Norfolk, and other the Owner for the Time being of Arundel Castle and the Estates settled therewith, to grant Leases of Parts thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for authorizing the Sale of Part of the Estates settled by the Will of William Congreve Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies produced by such Sale, after Payment of his Debts, in the Purchase of other Estates.

39. An Act for the better Support and better Regulation of "The Hospital of the Holy Jesus, founded in the Manors in the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the Costs and Charges of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne aforesaid," and for confirming Sales and other Dispositions made of Estates formerly Part of the Possessions of the said Hospital; and for other Purposes.

40. An Act to vest certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estates of Alexander Perry Bond Esquire, situate in the County of Westmeath in Ireland, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of Incumbrances affecting said Lands and Hereditaments, and, subject thereto, to limit the said Lands and Hereditaments for the Uses and Purposes declared by the Will of William Bond Esquire, deceased.

41. An Act to enable Sir Richard Bulkeley Philipps Philipps Baronet and others to grant Mining, Building, and other Leases of certain Estates in the County of Pembroke, subject to the Uses of the Will of Richard Baron Milford deceased.

42. An Act for enabling the Master and Brethren of the Hospital of Saint Mary the Virgin within the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to grant Building, Repairing, Mining, and other Leases of their Estates, and for extending the Objects of the Charity, and regulating the Appropriation of the Income thereof.

43. An Act to enable the College of Glasgow to effect an Exchange of the present Lands and Buildings belonging to and occupied by the said College for other sufficient and adequate Lands and Buildings more advantageously situated; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

44. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for naturalizing Henry Robert Ferguson, as enacts that the said Henry Robert Ferguson should not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Trust, either civil or military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself, or any other Person or Persons in trust for him.

45. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jasper Byng Creagh Esquire with Emma Susan Weldale Creagh his present Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Savage Curtis Esquire with Emma Curtis his now Wife; and for other Purposes.

47. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Clark with his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

48. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Matthyssens with Joanna Frances his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Samuel Gobat Clerk, Bishop of the United Church of England and Ireland in Jerusalem.

50. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Nesham Farquharson Esquire with Mary Ann his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

51. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Salusbury Humphreys Clerk with Harriet Ruthan Humphreys his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

