Private Acts passed in 1847, 10 & 11 Victoria c.1 - c.38.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1847.
---

1. An Act to enable the Minister of the Parish of Dalkeith in the County of Edinburgh to feu his Glebe Lands lying in the said Parish.

2. An Act to empower the Devisees of the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater deceased to appropriate to Building Purposes a Portion of Cleveland Square in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and to improve the Approaches thereto.

3. An Act to divide the Parish and Rectory of Doddington otherwise Dornington into Three separate and distinct Parishes and Rectories, and to endow the same out of the Revenues of that Rectory, and to make Provision for the further Division of such Rectories and Parishes; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open Marshes and Waste Lands in the Township of Terrington in the County of Norfolk.

5. An Act for facilitating the Proof of the Will of the Right Honourable George Obrien, late Earl of Egremont and Baron of Cockermouth, in certain Actions in Ireland.

6. An Act for exchanging Freehold Estates belonging to Robert Kellett Long Esquire for Freehold Estates settled by the Will of Robert Churchman Long deceased, and for authorizing the leasing of the settled Estates.

7. An Act for exchanging certain detached Portions situate in the County of Sutherland of the entailed Estate of Poyntzfield, belonging to Sir George Gun Munro Knight, for the Lands of Udale, situate in the County of Cromarty, belonging to James Matheson Esquire, contiguous to the said Estate of Poyntzfield, and for securing the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed, and to form, along with the said Lands of Udale, Parts of the said entailed Estate of Poyntzfield.

8. An Act to rectify an Error in an Act of the last Session, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees appointed by Mrs. Jane Ferguson deceased to sell the Lands of Laverocklaw, and also certain Subjects situate in the Village of Ormiston, vested in them in trust, and to apply the Price to be obtained, and certain Trust Monies in their Hands, in the Purchase of other Lands, for the Purposes of the said Trust.

9. An Act for exchanging Hereditaments subject to Uses declared by the Will of Anthony Compton Esquire, deceased, for Hereditaments belonging to the Right Honourable Henry Earl Grey for selling and exchanging other Hereditaments subject to the same Uses, and for investing the net Proceeds to arise from such Sales and Exchanges in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and to authorize the granting of Leases of Part of the Hereditaments subject to the Uses of the said Will.

10. An Act to enable Edward Legh and Mary Anne his Wife, and others, to make and authorize Sales, Exchanges, and also Building and other Leases, of Estates at Newington other Newington Lucies and Lewisham respectively in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

11. An Act to enable Charles Gordon Duke of Richmond and Lennox to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of his entailed Estates, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

12. An Act for enabling certain Estates in Ireland of the Right Honourable William Earl of Devon deceased to be sold, and the Proceeds arising therefrom, after Payment of certain Charges and Incumbrances, to be applied in Payment or towards Reduction of the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the Family and other Estates in England late of the said Earl of Devon; and for authorizing the raising by Mortgage of the Estates in Ireland, until sold, of a limited Sum of Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery in England, in or towards permanently improving the said Estates in Ireland; and for making Provision for the Liquidation and Payment of the Principal Monies and Interest; and for other Purposes.

13. An Act for enabling the Sale and Conveyance of certain Cottages, Gardens, and other improved Lands comprised in the Will of the Right Honourable John William Earl of Dudley deceased, and for laying out the Sale Monies in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

14. An Act for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of certain Lands, Collieries, Hereditaments, and Mining Stock, forming Part of the Estate of John Bowes late Earl of Strathmore, and for enabling the Trustees to shift the Charges affecting the Inheritance of the same Lands and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes.

15. An Act to incorporate the President and Trustees of Huggens's College at Northfleet in the County of Kent, and to enable them the better to carry on the charitable Designs of the said College.

16. An Act to increase the Number of Trustees for the Management of the Dollar Institution or John McNabb's School, and to incorporate the Trustees.

17. An Act for enabling Conveyances to be made of the Estate and Interest of Elizabeth Goddard (who is of unsound Mind) in Lands and Tenements a Partition or Division whereof is directed by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery made in a Cause "Whitmore v. Goddard."

18. An Act to authorize the Sale of an Estate called Morrant's Court otherwise Morant's Court otherwise Madam's Court in the County of Kent, late the Property of John Fry Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Payment of Incumbrances affecting the said Estate, and for investing the Residue of such Monies for the Benefit of the Parties beneficially interested in the said Estate.

19. An Act for exonerating the Trustees of the deceased George Paterson of Castle Huntly, Esquire, the elder, of their Expenditure, in making Improvements upon the entailed Estates left by him; for enabling them to acquire certain Lands contiguous thereto, and to grant Feus; and for certain other Purposes.

20. An Act for authorizing the Sale of so much of the entailed Lands and Estates of Dundas in the County of Linlithgow belonging to James Dundas Esquire as may be required to pay the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Estates; and for enabling the same James Dundas to borrow Money upon the Security of the said Lands and Estates, for Repayment of a Portion of the Monies laid out in the Improvement of the said Lands and Estates, and in building a Mansion House and Offices for the same.

21. An Act for authorizing the granting of a new Lease of certain Coal Mines and Hereditaments in the County of Durham late the Estate of John Lyon Esquire, deceased.

22. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands in the Vicinity of Glasgow which belonged to the late Colin Gillespie, for the Purpose of selling a Portion thereof to pay off the Debt affecting the same, and of partitioning and feuing out the Remainder for the Benefit of his Heirs.

23. An Act for extending the Time for enrolling (pursuant to the Statute Third and Fourth of William the Fourth, Cap. Seventy-four,) a Deed executed in the Colony of New South Wales for the Purpose of enlarging a Base Fee in Hereditaments at Messingham in the County of Lincoln into an Estate in Fee Simple.

24. An Act for vesting in the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads certain Lands in the Town and County of Southampton and in the County of Southampton, and for empowering them to sell the same.

25. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of George Charles Rooke Esquire, deceased, to carry into effect a Contract for the Purchase of the Life Estate and Interest of Hannah Rooke Widow in the Real and Personal Estates of the said George Charles Rooke, respectively devised and bequeathed by his Will, and for raising Money for that Purpose; and for Payment of the Debts of the said George Charles Rooke, and of the Legacies and Arrears of Annuities bequeathed by his said Will; and for other Purposes incidental thereto.

26. An Act for enabling Leases, Sales, and Partitions to be made of certain Estates in the County Palatine of Lancaster heretofore belonging to John Penson and Molly his Wife.

27. An Act to enable the Trustees of a Charity called the Leeds Free Grammar School to sell Parts of the Trust Estates belonging to the said Charity, and to purchase other Lands, for the Uses and Purposes of the said Charity; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act to empower the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to sell and exchange certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Paddington and Saint George Hanover Square in the County of Middlesex, and to lay out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to vest certain Estates in the County of York in England in Alexander William Robert Bosville and Godfrey Wentworth Bayard Bosville, and in Skye and North Uist in Scotland in the Right Honourable Godfrey William Wentworth Lord Macdonald, and to enable the said Lord Macdonald to sell Parts of the said Estates in Scotland, for the Payment of Debts; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act for authorizing the Sale to the Right Honourable William Baron Ward of certain Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments in the County of Worcester devised by the Will of Thomas Pickernell Esquire, deceased, and for directing the Investment of the Purchase Money in other Hereditaments, to be settled in like Manner.

31. An Act for authorizing Leases to be granted for Quarrying and Mining Purposes of certain Estates in the Isle of Purbeck in the County of Dorset, subject to the Uses of the Will of Maria Sophia Richards Spinster, deceased.

32. An Act for enabling the Tunstall Market Company to sell their Estate and wind up their Concerns, and for dissolving the Company.

33. An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Will and Codicil of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, deceased, to raise a Sum of Money towards the Liquidation of his Debts, by Mortgage of his devised Estates in the County of Devon, instead of selling certain Leasehold Hereditaments in the County of Cornwall; and to enable the said Trustees to convey the Reversion in Fee Simple in the same Hereditaments, vested in them for that Purpose under the Will of the Reverend John Molesworth Saint Aubyn deceased, to the Uses of the said Will and Codicil of the said Sir John Saint Aubyn, so as to convert such Leaseholds into a Fee Simple Estate in possession; and for other Purposes.

34. An Act for the better Support and better Regulation of the Hospital of the Holy Jesus, founded in the Manors in the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the Costs and Charges of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne aforesaid, and for confirming Sales and other Dispositions made of Estates formerly Part of the Possessions of the said Hospital; and for other Purposes; and for repealing an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the same Purposes.

35. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Canal on the Estates devised by the Will of the late Mr. Jonathan Passingham, for the Transport of Bricks manufactured on such Estates, and to enable the Trustees of the Will to complete the Purchase of an adjoining Estate contracted for by them; and for other Purposes.

36. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Montgomery Martin Esquire with Jane Avis Frances Martin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to extend the Relief given by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to declare that certain Persons therein mentioned are not Children of the Most Honourable George Ferrars Marquis Townshend.

38. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooks with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.
