Private Acts passed in 1847-8, 11 & 12 Victoria c.1 - c.27.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1848.
---

1. An Act to authorize the feuing of the Glebe Lands of the Parish of Govan in the County of Lanark.

2. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the late Calmady Pollexfen Hamlyn Esquire, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to pull down the Mansion or Dwelling House at Paschoe in the County of Devon, Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, and to rebuild the same, and to raise Money for those Purposes by Mortgage of the said Estates; and for making Provision for the Payment of the Principal Monies so raised; and for other Purposes.

3. An Act for confirming an Exchange of certain Lands in the Parish of Wilton in the County of Somerset, heretofore Part of the Augmentation of the Perpetual Curacy of Hill Bishops otherwise Bishops Hull in the same County, for certain Lands in the Parish of Staplegrove in the same County, and for other Purposes.

4. An Act to authorize the Sale to the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington of certain Freehold and Leasehold Hereditaments in the County of Salop devised by the Will of Polly Hale Widow, deceased, and for directing the Investment of the Purchase Money in other Hereditaments, to be settled in like Manner.

5. An Act to authorize Grants in Fee and Leases for long Terms of Years, for Building Purposes, of the devised Estate of John Newton Esquire, deceased, situate at Gorton in the Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

6. An Act for enabling Sales, Leases, and Mortgages to be made of certain Estates in the County of York, heretofore belonging to John Fullerton.

7. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Edward Jessop the elder to sell the Estates devised by such Will, and to lay out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

8. An Act for enabling Leases and Sales to be made of an Estate at Horton in the Parish of Bradford in the County of York, holden upon the Trusts of the Will of Jacob Hudson deceased.

9. An Act to enable Sir William Miller of Glenlee and Barskimming, Baronet, Heir of Entail in possession of the Lands and Estates of Glenlee, Barskimming, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and County of Ayr, to exchange certain Portions of the said Estates, and to sell certain Parts thereof, for the Payment and Extinction of the Debts, Obligations, and Burdens affecting the same.

10. An Act for incorporating the Governors and Trustees of the united Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Ring George the Third, intituled An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse within the Town and Parish of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York; and amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, and granting other Powers and Provisions enabling the Governors and Trustees of the said united Charities, when incorporated, to sell and to convey Parts of the Lands of the Charity Estates, make Exchanges of the Lands of the said Estates for other Lands, lease Mines, fell Timber, and effect Improvements; and for regulating the Application of the Revenues, Rents, and Income of the said Estates, and enlarging the charitable Uses of the said Charities; and for other Purposes concerning the same.

11. An Act to provide for the better Administration of certain Charities in the Parish of Sandbach in the County of Chester, and the Distribution of the Income thereof, and for vesting the Estates and Property belonging to the Charities in new Trustees, and to enable the Trustees to grant Leases of the Charity Estates; and for other Purposes.

12. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for enabling the Trustees of the Will of Francis late Duke of Bridgewater to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into by them with the Right Honourable Francis Egerton now Earl of Ellesmere.

13. An Act for the Sale of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Woolwich and the Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolwich in the County of Kent, and to confirm the Building Leases of such Lands, and for Endowment of a new Ecclesiastical District; and for other Purposes.

14. An Act for extending certain Powers of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers contained in the Will of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, deceased, to grant Leases of the Hereditaments in the Townships of Huddersfield, Honley, Dalton, and Almondbury devised by such Will, and for other Purposes, to the Hereditaments in the Parishes of Almondbury, Kirkheaton, and Huddersfield comprised in, the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Charles Ramsden Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes.

15. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases for Ninety-nine Years of Parts of the Trust Estates of the Will of the late Charles Robert Blundell Esquire, situate in the Parishes of Sefton, Walton on the Hill, and North Meols in the County of Lancaster, and to lease Waste Lands and Coal and other Mines, and to exchange certain detached and intermixed Lands, other Parts of the said Trust Estates.

16. An Act for granting Building and other Improvement Leases of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable George Augustus Frederick Charles Earl of Sheffield, situate in the Parishes of Newhaven and Bishopstone in the County of Sussex.

17. An Act to amend a Settlement made by the Most Honourable the Marquess and Marchioness of Londonderry and the Honourable Viscount Seaham; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for compromising certain Suits and Claims affecting Parts of the Estates of the late Marquess of Antrim, and for settling certain Lands intermixed with Parts of such Estates.

19. An Act for vesting the Two undivided Sixth Shares of Christopher Alderson, a Lunatic, and Mary Alderson Spinster, a Person of unsound Mind, as Two of the Six Children of Christopher Alderson Alderson deceased, in certain Freehold Estates in the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, and York, in Trustees, in whom the other Four undivided Sixth Shares are now vested, upon trust for Sale.

20. An Act to alter and amend certain Powers of leasing contained in the last Will and Testament of the late Most Honourable John Crichton Stuart Marquess of Bute and Earl of Dumfries deceased.

21. An Act for altering an Act made and passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, for enabling the Master and Brethren of the Hospital of Saint Mary the Virgin within the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to grant Leases of their Estates; and for other Purposes.

22. An Act for the Relief of the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Glengall, in respect of his Estates in the Counties of Waterford and Tipperary in Ireland, and for vesting the same Estates in Trustees for effecting such Relief.

23. An Act for the Restitution in Blood of William Constable Maxwell Esquire.

24. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Heneage Esquire with Charlotte Frances Ann Heneage his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

25. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Nicholson Esquire with Frances Nicholson his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Frederick Grueber Lugard Clerk with Grace Price Lugard his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

27. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Jervis, a Captain in the Forty-second Regiment of Bengal Native Infantry, and Paymaster and Superintendent of Native Pensioners at Barrackpore in the Province of Bengal in the East Indies, and Mary Amelia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.
