Private Acts passed in 1849-50, 12 & 13 Victoria c.1 - c.34.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1850.
---

1. An Act to enable the Trustees of a Society called or known by the Name of "The Society for the Prosecution of Felons and Receivers of Stolen Goods" to distribute the Monies and Funds of the said Society amongst certain charitable Institutions.

2. An Act for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments forming Part of the Estate of the late Charles Hayes Esquire, and for authorizing certain Leases to be granted thereof; and for authorizing the Sale and Exchange of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments forming Part of the Estate of the late John Rutherforth Abdy Esquire, and for enabling the Trustees of this Act to shift the Charges affecting the Inheritance of the last-mentioned Lands and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes.

3. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of Richard Morris Griffith Gentleman, deceased, called Caemaeslodig, situate in the Parish of Bangor in the County of Carnarvon.

4. An Act for confirming Two several Indentures of Lease, dated respectively the Twenty-sixth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, respectively granted by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Christ Canterbury and Henry Penton to Thomas Clutton, of Hereditaments situate at Walworth in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington in the County of Surrey, and for settling the Boundaries of the Hereditaments thereby intended to be demised.

5. An Act for settling all Questions of disputed Ownership between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Louth and the Warden and Six Assistants of the Town of Louth and Free School of King Edward the Sixth in Louth, with reference to the Lands, Tenements, Fairs, Markets, Rents, Tolls, Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Property claimed by them respectively; and for vesting the Fairs and Markets within the said Borough in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses thereof; and for other Purposes.

6. An Act to authorize the Sale of Part of the Estates devised by William Lee Antonie Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Proceeds in Payment of certain Incumbrances, and in Purchase of Hereditaments to be limited to the Uses declared of certain Estates substituted and settled by an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the Freehold Estates devised the Will of William Lee Antonie Esquire, deceased, in strict in his Nephew John Lee Esquire, Doctor of Laws, (subject to a Term of Five hundred Years, as an Indemnification against a Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest,) and for substituting Part of the Fee Simple Estates of the said John Lee in lieu thereof, and also for appointing new Trustees of the said settled Estates; and to amend the said Act.

7. An Act to enable Leases for Mining Purposes to be granted to Anthony Hill Esquire of Parts of the Estate situate in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil in the County of Glamorgan, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Other Archer Earl of Plymouth, deceased; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act to incorporate, by the Name of "The Trustees of the Hospital in Aberdeen for Orphan and Destitute Female Children," "The Trustees of the Aberdeen Destitute Female Orphan Asylum" acting under a Deed of Constitution granted by the Trustees of John Gordon of Murtle, Esquire, deceased, and to alter and extend the Powers and Provisions of the said Deed, and to vest the Residue of the Estate and Effects of John Carnegie Esquire, deceased, in the Trustees so incorporated.

9. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement made in pursuance of the Will of George Granville late Duke of Sutherland to grant or demise for a long Term of Years to the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company certain Springs and Reservoirs of Water in Lands in the Parishes of Caverswall and Stone in the County of Stafford comprised in the said Settlement, and certain Waterworks, Rights, and Privileges for supplying with Water the Towns of Longton and Lane End in the said County, and several Townships or Places near thereto; and to enable the said Trustees to take Shares in the said Company, and to advance Money to the said Company on Mortgage; and for other Purposes.

10. An Act to enable Marianne Sarah Robertson of to disentail certain detached Portions of the entailed Estate of Ladykirk, to be conveyed to David Robertson her Husband in lieu of the Lands of Simprim, to be added by him to the said entailed Estate; to grant Security upon the said Estate for a certain Sum of Money expended in Improvements; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

11. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Settlement made under Orders of the High Court of Chancery, after the Marriage of Chaloner Ogle Esquire and Eliza Sophia Frances Ogle his Wife, to grant Building, Improving, and other Leases of certain Estates and Hereditaments situate at Patcham in the County of Sussex, comprised in the said Settlement.

12. An Act for vesting the Cole and Reynolds Estates, situate at Doddington, Leverington,Guyhurn, Broughton and Buckden, in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, in Trustees for Sale.

13. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the Will of the late Anthony Harman Esquire to grant Building, Improving, and other Leases of certain Freehold Estates devised by the said Will.

14. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the late Thomas Gordon to sell his Estates of Cairness and others in the County of Aberdeen, and to apply the Price thereof in Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same; and for laying out the Residue of the Price in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in Terms of the Trust Deed of Settlement by the said Thomas Gordon; and for other Purposes.

15. An Act to confirm the Title of the Trustees of the Will of Philip Hurd Esquire, deceased, to a Copyhold Estate at Kentish Town in the County of Middlesex; and to extend the Power to grant Building Leases contained in the said Will; and to empower the Trustees of the said Will to raise Money for the Improvement of the said Estate; and for other Purposes.

16. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Duke of Cleveland to raise certain Monies on the Trust Estates in the County of Durham by the said Will devised, and for the Management of the said Estates.

17. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of William Trenchard Esquire, deceased, to pull down the Mansion or Dwelling House at Lytchet Matravers in the County of Dorset, and the Stables, Offices, and Outbuildings belonging thereto, Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, and to rebuild a smaller Mansion, Stabling, and Outbuildings suitable to the same; and to pull down Farm Buildings on the said Estates, and to rebuild the same; and to convert Shrubberies and Pleasure Grounds into Arable and Pasture Lands; and to raise Money for these Purposes by the Sale of Part of the Capital of the Personal Estate of the said William Trenchard deceased; and for other Purposes.

18. An Act for vesting the Real Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir Hugh Bateman of Hartington Hall in the County of Derby, Baronet, in Trustees, upon trust to sell a Part thereof, and to lay out the Monies arising from such Sale in Payment of the Mortgage Debts and other Charges and Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and in Repairs and substantial Improvements upon the said Estates; and for other Purposes.

19. An Act for the better Administration of the Real and Personal Estates of the Right Honourable James Lord Glastonbury deceased.

20. An Act to remove Doubts relative to the Appointment of Mr. George Bishton as a Commissioner under the Pattingham and Patshull Inclosure Act.

21. An Act for removing Doubts relative to the Powers of granting Building Leases contained in the Will of the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Earl of Burlington deceased; and for other Purposes.

22. An Act for supplying the Omission in the Will of the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Earl of Burlington deceased of Powers of granting Farming and Building Leases of the Estates in the Counties of York and Derby devised by the same Will; of Powers of selling and exchanging the same Estates; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson Baronet to grant the Site of a Church for The District of Saint Thomas, Woolwich"* in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

24. An Act for authorizing the Sale of certain Parts of the Estates in the County of Middlesex devised by the Will of Sir George Osborn Baronet, deceased, for the Purpose of discharging the Incumbrances thereon.

25. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Henry Blundell Esquire, situate in the Townships of Heaton and Rumworth in the County of Lancaster, and to lease Coal and other Mines, and to grant Farming Leases for Twenty-one Years of Lands within the said Townships; and for other Purposes.

26. An Act for the Sale of certain Hereditaments in the Parish of Barkham in the County of Berks affected by the Settlement made on the Marriage of Theophilus Clive Esquire.

27. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas William Waldy Esquire with Ellen his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John James with his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Hoghton Esquire with Louisa Josephine Hoghton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Hudson Merchant with Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for naturalizing Richard Tufton and Henry his infant Son.

32. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Cripps Esquire with Augusta Sarah his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Bryan Faussett with Helena Caroline his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Eustace Hill Esquire with the Honourable Georgiana Charlotte, commonly called Lady Georgiana Charlotte, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

