Private Acts passed in 1851, 14 & 15 Victoria c.1 - c.23.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1851.
---

1. An Act to authorize the Sale to the Honourable Richard Cavendish of certain Freehold Hereditaments in the County of Buckingham devised by the Will of Samuel Athawes deceased, and for directing the Investment of the Purchase Money in other Hereditaments, to be settled upon the Trusts of the same Will.

2. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of Edward, late King of England, the Sixth, called Christ's and for enabling them to grant building and other Leases of their Estates; and for other Purposes.

3. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the House of the Poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hospital, near West Smithfield, London, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth; and for enabling them to grant building and other Leases of their Estates.

4. An Act to authorize the Grant of new Leases of a certain Estate in the Bailiwick of Neat in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the County of Middlesex, in Lease to Mr. Thomas Cubitt; and for other Purposes. 

5. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Somersetshire, Monmouthshire, Dorsetshire, and Devonshire Estates devised by the Will of Sir Thomas Buckler Lethbridge Baronet, deceased, to grant Farming and Mining Leases of and otherwise extending their Powers in relation to the said Estates. 

6. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Jackson deceased to sell Freehold Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Mentmore in the County of Buckingham to the Baron Mayer Amschel de Rothschild. 

7. An Act to confirm a certain Contract for granting Leases made and entered into by the Honourable Arthur Upton of Part of the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the Will of the Honourable Fulk Greville Howard deceased, situate at Kilburn in the County of Middlesex; and to alter and enlarge the Power of granting Building Leases contained in the same Will; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 

8. An Act to authorize the Appropriation to charitable Purposes of the unclaimed Funds and Property under the Control of "The Glasgow Provident Bank," and the winding up of its Affairs. 

9. An Act for regulating and securing the Debt due by the Burgh of Musselburgh in the County of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes in relation thereto. 

10. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of William Moore Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Fulham in the County of Middlesex. 

11. An Act authorizing the Application of Part of the Trust Funds subject to the Trusts of the Will and Codicils of the late Sir Timothy Shelley to certain lasting Improvements upon Estates bought under the Trusts of such Will and Codicils. 

12. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater to make Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years of his Trust Estates, and more effectually to administer the Trusts of the Will of the said Duke. 

13. An Act for extending Powers created by the Will of John Watson Barton deceased, and for enabling Sales and Leases to be made of Lands subject to his Will; and for other Purposes. 

14. An Act to empower the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to build on Ground contiguous to Westminster Abbey, and for other Purposes. 

15. An Act to give effect to certain Restrictions and Conditions relating to a Church and Parsonage House proposed to be erected on Sites to be given by the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, and to Two Dwelling Houses proposed to be purchased and conveyed for Vicarage and Rectory Houses on the Estate of the said Duke, in the County of Middlesex. 

16. An Act to enable the Committees of the Estate of John Brown, a Lunatic, to sell a Portion of the Estates whereof the said Lunatic is Tenant in Tail in possession. 

17. An Act for explaining and modifying the Provisions of the Deed of Constitution of Dorward's House of Refuge for the Destitute in Montrose, and of the Trust Disposition and Settlement of William Dorward Merchant in Montrose, and Codicils thereto, and for incorporating and enlarging and defining the Powers of the Managers of the said House of Refuge, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 

18. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and their Trustees, as Owners in Fee of Lands in Kentish Town in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases, and for other Purposes. 

19. An Act for enabling the Committee or Committees for the Time being of the Estate of Stapylton Stapylton Esquire, a Lunatic, Tenant in Tail Male under the Will of the Reverend Sir Martin Stapylton Baronet, deceased, to grant Leases for Mining and other Purposes of certain Parts of the entailed Estates situate at Eston in the County of York. 

20. An Act for the Regulation and Improvement of the Charities founded by Richard Lord Riche in the Parish of Felstead in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes. 

21. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Kelmarsh Estate in the County of Northampton, devised by the Will of William Lord Bateman deceased, and the Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting that Estate; and for other Purposes. 

22. An Act to provide for the future Regulation and Management of the Grammar School of Anthony Browne, Serjeant-at-Law, at Brentwood in the County of Essex, and of the Almshouses founded by the said Anthony Browne, and of the Estates and Possessions of the same School and Almshouses; and for other Purposes. 

23. An Act to authorize the Sale or Exchange of Part of the Estate of the Free School at Ripley in the County of York, and for other Purposes relating to the said Charity. 

