Private Acts passed in 1852, 15 & 16 Victoria c.1 - c.22.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1852.
---

1. AN Act to authorize the Improvement and better Management and eventual Leases or Sale of the Piece Halls in the Town of Bradford in the County of York; and to incorporate the Proprietors thereof.

2. An Act for enabling the Trustee or Trustees of the Will of the Right Honourable Anna Maria Dowager Lady Wenlock deceased to sell and dispose of a Leasehold Messuage, with the Statuary and Household Furniture by the same Will bequeathed as therein mentioned.

3. An Act to unite the Manchester House of Recovery with the Manchester Royal Infirmary, Dispensary, and Lunatic Hospital or Asylum.

4. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Bowden Park Estate in the County of Wilts, devised and settled by the Will of Ezekiel Harman Esquire, deceased, and certain Codicils thereto, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money produced by such Sale, after Payment of a Mortgage affecting the same, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

5. An Act to authorize the granting of Leases of Estates devised by the Will of John Clarkson Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

6. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Right Honourable James Earl of Fife deceased to sell and convey the Estate of Balmoral in the County of Aberdeen to His Royal Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, and to grant Feus of Parts of the Estates vested in them.

7. An Act to explain and amend the Powers of the Governors of the Hospital in Edinburgh founded by George Watson, Merchant Burgess of Edinburgh.

8. An Act to enable Francis Adams Esquire or other the Committee of the Estate of Mary Shute Adams, a Person of unsound Mind, for and in the Name and on behalf of the said Mary Shute Adams, to consent to the Exercise of certain Powers contained in the Marriage Settlement of the said Francis Adams, and in a certain Act of Parliament passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and to exercise the Power of appointing new Trustees contained in the said Settlement; and for extending the Powers of Sale and Exchange contained in such Settlement.

9. An Act for enabling Leases and Sales to be made of Estates subject to the Will of Micah Gedling deceased, and for other Purposes, and to be called "Gedling's Estate Act, 1852."

10. An Act to enable the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen in the University of Oxford, as Owners in Fee of Lands at Wandsworth in the County of Surrey, to grant Building Leases; and for other Purposes.

11, An Act to incorporate the Society of the Craft of Smiths and Hammermen of the Burgh of Aberdeen; to confirm, amend, and regulate the Administration of the Estates and Affairs of the said Society; and for other Purposes relating to the Society.

12. An Act to authorize the Sale of the Leith Exchange Buildings, and the Application of the Price thereof in the Extinction of Debts affecting the same; to distribute and appropriate any Balance that may arise from said Sale; and to wind up the Concern.

13. An Act to enable John Eden Spalding Esquire, under the Authority of the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to raise Money by Sale or upon Security of the Estate of Holm and other Lands in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for discharging certain Debts and Liabilities of the said John Eden Spalding; and for other Purposes.

14. An Act for the Regulation and Management of the Charity founded by Thomas Howell in or about the Year One thousand five hundred and forty, and for other Purposes.

15. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Settlement of Cary Charles Elwes Esquire to grant Building and other Leases of Land, and to make Improvements on the settled Estates in the County of Lincoln, and to purchase Waterworks in the Town of Glamford Briggs.

16. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Henry John Reuben Earl of Portarlington situate in the County of Dorset to lay out the Monies arising under the Exercise of the Powers of Enfranchisement and Sale and Exchange contained in the Settlement of the same Estates in the Purchase of other Estates m England, Wales, or Ireland, in lieu of being restricted to laying out the same Monies in the Purchase of Estates in England or Wales, as directed by the said Settlement.

17. An Act for the Regulation of the Charity founded by George Jarvis, for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Stanton-upon-Wye, Bredwardine, and Letton, all in the County of Hereford; and for other Purposes.

18. An Act for enabling Leases, Sales, and Exchanges to be made of the Family Estates in the County of Southampton of the Reverend Sir John Barker Mill Baronet, and for other Purposes, and to be called "Barker Mills Estate Act, 1852."

19. An Act for enabling Leases, Sales, and Exchanges to be made of the Family Estates, in the Isle of Wight and elsewhere in the County of Southampton, of John Brown Willis Fleming Esquire, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Fleming's Estate Act, 1852."

20. An Act to enable the Infant Tenants in Tail of the Estates in the County of York subject to the Will of Thomas Thornhill of Fixby in the said County, Esquire, deceased, to grant Bulding and other Leases of Parts of the said Estates, and to sell or exchange the same, and for other Purposes.

21. An Act for appointing and incorporating Trustees for the Management of the Boys and Girls Hospitals of Aberdeen as One Institution, and for vesting the Estates and Revenues thereof in such Trustees, and for better managing such Estates and Revenues, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

22. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Septimus Moore Hawkins Esquire with Harriette Lavinia Hawkins his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

