Private Acts passed in 1854, 17 & 18 Victoria c.1 - c.41.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1854.
---

1. An Act to authorize Sir William Milborne Milborne Swinnerton Baronet, and his Issue, to resume and bear the Surname of Pilkington jointly with the Surnames of Milborne and Swinnerton and to be called by the Surnames of Milborne Swinnerton Pilkington, and for such Purposes to repeal in part an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

2. An Act to amend "Fleming's Estate Act, 1852".

3. An Act for effecting an Extinguishment of the Life Estate and Interest of Mistress Violetta Masters, and the Trustee of her Marriage Settlement; of and in a Freehold Close or Parcel of Land situate in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Leicester.

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, or any Seven or more of them, to grant Building Leases of an Estate in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, and for the Confirmation of certain Leases, and to enable Seven or more of the said Trustees to make Leases and Estates, pursuant to the Deed of Uses of the said Henry Smith; and for other Purposes.

5. An Act for enlarging the Powers contained in "Thornhill's Estate Act, 1852," and for granting further Powers in respect of the Thornhill Estate.

6. An Act for authorizing the granting of Building Leases of Lands held under the Will of William Green deceased, situate at Runworth in the County of Lancaster.

7. An Act for granting Powers of Leasing, Sale, and Exchange and other Powers, for the Management of Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates devised by or which now stand limited to the Uses of the Will of the Right Honourable George Obrien Earl of Egremont deceased.

8. An Act for authorizing the Sale of Estates devised by the Will of John Fowler deceased, and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "Fowler's Estate Act, 1854."

9. An Act for the Distribution of the Compensation paid under the London Necropolis and National Mausoleum Act, 1852, for the Extinction of the Commonable or other Rights over and in Woking Common; and whereof the Short Title is "Woking Commoners Act, 1854."

10. An Act to enable certain Persons to grant Leases for Building and Mining Purposes of the Estates in the Parishes of Penderryn and Ystradfellte in the County of Brecon, devised by the Will of the Reverend Reynold Davies Clerk, deceased.

11. An Act for enabling Sales to be made of Estates at Manningham in the Parish of Bradford, and at Idle in the Parish of Calverley, both in the West Riding of the County of York, devised by the Will of William Snell; and for other Purposes.

12. An Act to incorporate the Craft of Shoemakers of the Burgh of Aberdeen; to confirm the Titles and Conyeyances, and to regulate the Administration of the Estates and Affairs, of the said Craft; and for other Purposes relating to the Society.

13. An Act for enabling Leases, Sales, and Exchanges to be made of Lands subject to the Will of George Ward deceased, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Ward's Estate Act, 1854."

14. An Act for the better Division and Management of certain Estates in the County of Lancaster, the Property of Abraham and (the late) Alfred Darby Esquires.

15. An Act for authorizing the granting of Leases of Mines in Estates in the County of Glamorgan, devised by the Will of the Reverend Reynold Davies deceased, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Jenkin's Estate Act, 1854."

16. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Anthony Wilkinson Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases.

17. An Act to empower the Warden and Scholars of the House or College of Scholars of Merton in the University of Oxford to sell certain Lands situate in the Parish of Holywell otherwise Saint Cross in the City of Oxford, and to lay out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of other Hereditaments.

18. An Act to authorise the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the East Riding of the County of York, Part of the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Bertram Osbaldeston Mitford Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates.

19. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Right Honourable James Earl of Fife deceased to complete the Sale of the outlying Estate of Blervie in the County of Moray, and to reinvest the Sale Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled upon the same Trusts; and for other Purposes.

20. An Act for vesting in Trustees for Sale the settled and devised Estates of Richard Terrick Stainforth Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes.

21. An Act to extend the Time during which the Trustees of the late Sir Gilbert Stirling of Mansfield Baronet were authorized to purchase Lands to be entailed in the Terms declared by certain Trust Deeds executed by him; to enable the Trustees to purchase within any Part of Scotland; to regulate the Powers of borrowing conferred by the said Deeds; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

22. An Act to enable the Trustees of a Settlement executed prior to the Marriage of Thomas Thornhill, late of Fixby in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, with Honoria Forrester Spinster, to grant Building and other Leases of the Estates subject to the Trusts of the said Settlement, and to sell and exchange the same; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the School and Charity Estates and Property belonging to the Parish of Saint Catherine in the County and County of the City of Dublin, for the better Management of such Estates and Property, and for the due and careful Application of the Income of the same.

24. An Act to ascertain the Periods when the Division, under the Church Building Acts, of the Parish of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester into the Two distinct and separate Parishes of Saint Mary in Stockport and Saint Thomas in Stockport shall take complete Effect, and the Exercise of the Rights of Presentation to the Rectories or Churches of the same Parishes respectively shall commence; and for other Purposes.

25. An Act to extend the Power to lease the Settled Estates of the Earl of Harrington, situate in the Parishes of St. Margaret Westminster and St. Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and to be entitled "The Earl of Harrington's Estate Act, 1854."

26. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, entailed by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, in Trustees, upon trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold.

27. An Act for vesting in Trustees, for Sale, under the Authority of the Court of Chancery, an Estate in the County of Surrey, acquired by Partition under the Decree of that Court in lieu of those undivided Shares of Freehold Property devised by the Will of Thomas Bailey Heath Seweil Esquire, deceased, Trusts of which are declared by that Will for the Benefit of the Testator's Son and his Issue therein described; and for investing the Monies to arise from such Sale for the Benefit of the Parties beneficially interested in the same Estate.

28. An Act to provide for the Winding-up of the Trust Affairs of the late Hugh Earl of Eglinton, and to amend the Acts relative to Ardrossan Harbour in the County of Ayr; and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to authorize the granting of Mining and Farming Leases of Estates subject to the Uses of the Will of Miles Staveley Esquire.

30. An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases for long Terms of Years of Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Joseph Peel Esquire, deceased.

31. An Act to authorize the granting of Building and other Leases of the Settled Estates of Thomas Charles Hornyold Esquire in the Counties of Worcester and Hereford; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act for authorizing the granting of Building, Improving, and Mining Leases by the Reverend James Allan Park Clerk, as Tenant for Life in possession, and other Persons in succession after his Death, of Settled Estates at Marton in the County of York, comprised in an Indenture of Settlement dated the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act for authorizing the granting of Building Leases and Leases for working Brick Earth, of Settled Estates in the County of Essex, of the Right Honourable William Bernard Lord Petre Baron of Writtle in the County of Essex, and of which Act the Short Title is "The Petre Estate Act, 1854."

34. An Act for the Partition of the Mowbrick otherwise Mowbreck Estate in the County of Lancaster.

35. An Act to authorize the Sale or Exchange of the Glebe Land of the Vicarage of the Parish of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York, and of other Land in the said Parish of Bradford, held in trust for and to be henceforth vested in the Vicar of Bradford; and to authorize Leases of the said Lands respectively; and for other Purposes.

36. An Act for enabling the granting of Leases for Mining and other Purposes, and the making of Sales and Exchanges, of certain Part of the Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of Sir William Foulis Baronet, deceased.

37. An Act for authorizing the granting of Building, Improving, and Mining Leases of Estates in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, comprised, as to certain undivided Shares, in the Marriage Settlement of Marcus Worsley and Harriet his Wife, and devised, as to the other undivided Shares, by the Will of Sarah Hamer deceased.

38. An Act to authorize Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years, under reserved Rents, of certain Parts of the Settled Estates of Charles Richard Banastre Legh Esquire.

39. An Act to relieve Thomas Alexander Lord Lovat Baron Lovat of Lovat in the County of Inverness from the Effect of the Attainder of Simon Lord Lovat.

40. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Redmond Caton Esquire with Anna Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

41. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Stocker Schoolmaster with Sarah Stocker his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

