Private Acts passed in 1855, 18 & 19 Victoria c.1 - c.23.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1855.
---

1. An Act for enabling Leases to be made of the Freehold Estates of the late Matthew Hill Esquire, and for other Purposes.

2. An Act to enable the Trustees under the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Philip Rideout Hoffe to effect a Sale to Sir Richard Plumptre Glyn Baronet, of certain Hereditaments situate at Twyford in the Parish of Compton Abbas and County of Dorset, and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "Hoffe's Estate Act, 1855."

3. An Act for authorizing the granting of Mining Leases of Estates subject to the Uses of the Will of Robert Bell Livesey Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes.

4. An Act for enabling Leases, Sales, Repairs, and Improvements to be made of the Estates of James Walthall Hammond Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes, the Short Title of which is "Hammonds Estate Act, 1855."

5. An Act to authorize Conveyances in Fee or Demises for long Terms of Years, under reserved Rents, of certain Parts of Estates, settled by the Will of the late Joseph Livesey Esquire, deceased.

6. An Act to enable George William Holmes Rossy,of Cromarty, Esquire, to relieve the Estate of Cromarty from Burdens affecting the same, to charge the said Estate with certain Family Provisions and with certain Sums of Money expended in Improvements thereon.

7. An Act for authorizing Mining and other Leases and Sales and Exchanges to be made of the Lands devised by the Will of George Bray deceased; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for authorizing the granting of Building Leases of certain Parts of the Estates subject to the Residuary Devise in the Will of John Jenkins, late of Saltley Hall in the County of Warwick, Esquire, and for appointing new Trustees of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable William Nevill Earl of Abergavenny to grant Leases of entailed Mines, Minerals, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth.

10. An Act to enable the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College in the University of Oxford to grant Building Leases of their Lands in the Parishes of Saint Giles, Saint Thomas, and Woolvercot, Oxford; and for other Purposes.

11. An Act for vesting in the Commissioners of the Metropolis Turnpike Roads North of the Thames the Lands in Islington devised by the Will of Edward Harvist to the Brewers Company, upon trust for the Repair of the Highway from Tyburn to Edgeworth; and for discharging the Company from the Trusts of that Will; and for enabling the Commissioners to grant Building Leases of those Lands; and for other Purposes.

12. An Act to empower the Warden and Scholars of the House or College of Scholars of Merton in the University of Oxford to sell certain Lands situate in the Parish of Holywell otherwise Saint Cross in the City of Oxford, and to lay out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Hereditaments.

13. An Act for giving Effect to a Compromise of certain Suits and Claims affecting the Estates of Josephine Catherine Handcock, Anne Mary Handcock, and Honoria Handcock, Spinsters, deceased, and for vesting the said Estates in John Stratford Handcock Esquire, subject to certain Charges; and for other Purposes.

14. An Act to authorize the granting of Building and other Leases of Estates in the Counties of Louth and Armagh, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable William Charles Viscount Clermont deceased, and the Sale and Exchange of certain Portions of the Estate so devised; and for other Purposes.

15. An Act for the future Government, Management, and Regulation of the Charity of John Marshall, late of Southwark in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, deceased; and for other Purposes.

16. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates comprised in the residuary Gifts in the Will of Joseph Halford Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, with Powers to sell, exchange, and lease the same, and to purchase other Lands, to be resettled conformably to such residuary Gifts.

17. An Act to relieve Sir James Carnegie of Southesk, Kinnaird, and Pittarrow, Baronet, from the Effect of the Attainder of James Fifth Earl of Southesk and Baron Carnegie of Kinnaird and Leuchars in Scotland.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Newsham Pedder with Emma Pedder his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

19. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Ewing the younger with Helen Mary Ewing his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Arthur Wyndham Esquire with Ann Magdalene Louisa Wyndham his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

21. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Remington Hadow Merchant with Jane Menzies his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

22. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Jones with Elizabeth Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Morton Cornish Sumner Esquire with Penelope Rubina Maria his now Wife, and to enable the said Morton Cornish Sumner to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

