Private Acts passed in 1856, 19 & 20 Victoria c.1 - c.17.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1856.
---

1. An Act to amend an Act made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to divide the Parish and Rectory of Doddington otherwise Dornington into Three separate and distinct Parishes and Rectories, and to endow the same out of the Revenues of that Rectory, and to make Provisions for the further Division of such Rectories and Parishes, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

2. An Act for continuing in force, during the Minority of Mrs. Clara Clarke Thornhill, the Wife of William Capel Clarke Thornhill, of Swakeleys in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, the Powers conferred by "Thornhill's Estate Act, 1852," and "Thornhill's Estate Act, 1854," and for other Purposes.

3. An Act for authorizing the Trustees under the Will of William Wainman Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases, and to make Sales, Exchanges, and Partition of the Real Estates devised by or subject the same Will; and for other Purposes.

4. An Act for giving effect to a Compromise relating to the Estate of the Most Noble George Fourth Duke of Marlborough, deceased, and, with a view thereto, for extinguishing the demisable Quality of certain Copyhold Hereditaments, Parcels of the Manors comprised in the Estates and Hereditaments settled on the Dukedom, and for creating a Term of Years in a Portion of the said Copyhold Hereditaments.

5. An Act to authorize Sir Lionel Milborne Swinnerton Baronet and his Issue to assume and bear the Surname of Pilkington jointly with the Surnames of Milborne and Swinnerton, and to be called by the Surnames of Milborne Swinnerton Pilkington.

6. An Act for vesting in Trustees the undivided Parts, subject to the Limitations of the Wills of Benjamin Ingham, deceased, and Joshua Ingham, deceased, respectively, of Estates in the West Riding of the County of York, and for authorizing Partitions of Parts of those Estates, and for authorizing Leases and Sales of Parts of those Estates, and for other Purposes.

7. An Act to authorize the granting of Leases of Parts of the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates of the late Leonard Lewen Wheatley Esquire, situate in the several Parishes of Saint Lawrence and Saint Peter the Apostle in the Isle of Thanet, of Meopham near Gravesend, and Ash next Sandwich, and elsewhere in the County of Kent, and within the Manor of Stepney otherwise Stebunheath Ratcliffe in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, and elsewhere in the County of Middlesex.

8. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Matthew Butterwick Esquire to sell the Rectory and Tithes of Thirsk, held by Lease for Lives under the Archbishop of York, and certain Policies of Assurance, and for the Investment of the Proceeds, and for other Purposes; of which the Short Title is "Butterwick's Estate Act, 1856."

9. An Act for enabling Leases for Mining, Agricultural, and Building Purposes to be made of the Estates of John Walmesley Esquire, deceased, and Sales of Portions thereof, and for other Purposes; the Short Title of which is "Walmesley's Estate Act, 1856."

10. An Act for enabling Leases and Sales to be made of Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham belonging to the Families of Thoroton and Croft, and for other Purposes; called "The Thoroton and Croft Estate Act, 1856."

11. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estates of the late Sarah Reddall, deceased, situate in the County Northampton, known as the Dallington Estate, for the Purpose of enabling Leases, Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions to be made of the same; and for other Purposes.

12. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of John Bell Esquire to sell a Leasehold Estate for Lives in the County of York, known as "Wildon Grange," held of the Archbishop of York, and for the Re-investment of the Proceeds in the Purchase of Real Estates of Inheritance; of which the Short Title is "Bell's Estate Act, 1856."

13. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the late Thomas Gordon to sell his Estates of Cairness and others in the County of Aberdeen, and to apply the Price thereof in Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue of the Price in the Purchase of other Lands to be entailed, in Terms of the Trust Deed of Settlement by the said Thomas Gordon; and for other Purposes.

14. An Act for enabling Partition, Sales, Exchanges, and Leases to be made of certain Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir John William Head Brydges, deceased, and for other Purposes.

15. An Act to enable George Shipton Clerk to exercise his Office of Priest, and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

16. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Talbot Esquire with Marianne his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

17. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Madgwick Spicer Davidson Gentleman with Katharine Anne his now Wife, and to enable the said Madgwick Spicer Davidson to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

