Private Acts passed in 1857, 20 & 21 Victoria c.1 - c.15.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1857.
---

1. Act for enabling the Trustees in whom the Lands and Estate of Scotscraig in the County of Fife are vested to grant Feus of certain Portions thereof. 3

2. An Act to amend and explain Fleming's Estate Act, 1852. 17

3. An Act for authorizing the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to raise Money for the Repair of the Cathedral Church of Hereford. 21

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Francis Duke of Bridgewater to complete the Purchase of the Runcorn and Weston Canal, and to enable such Trustees more effectually to administer the Trusts of the Will of the said Duke. 29

5. An Act for authorizing the Sale to the Dorset Central Railway Company, in consideration partly of a yearly Rentcharge and partly of a gross Sum, of Part of the Settled Estates in the County of Dorset of which the Right Honourable George Pitt Rivers Lord Rivers is now Tenant for Life in possession; and for other Purposes. 65

6. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement for a Compromise of the Suit of "Carew versus Waugh" now pending in the High Court of Chancery, and for vesting the Estates to which the Suit relates in Trustees upon Trust for Sale; and for other Purposes. 77

7. An Act for authorizing the raising of Money on the Security of Estates in the County of Glamorgan, settled by the Will of the Right Honourable *Other Archer late Earl of Plymouth deceased, and the Application of the Money for the Improvement of Parts of the Estates, in order to render them available as Building Lands, and for confirming an Agreement with the Penarth Harbour, Dock, and Railway Company, heretofore called the Ely Tidal Harbour and Railway Company; and for other Purposes. 169

8. Act for authorizing Maria Cecilia Agatha Anna Josepha Laurentia Donata Melchiora Balthassara Gaspara Princess Giustiniani, Widow of Charles Marquess Bandini, to take the Oath proper to be taken by her prior to her Naturalization before Her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary to the Grand Duke of Tuscany, or any other Member of Her Majesty's Legation at the Court of Tuscany, and to give her Consent in Writing to the passing of the Bill for her Naturalization.

9. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Ley, Oil Cooper, with Rosanna Sarah Ley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Campbell with Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

11. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Smith Esquire with Julia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act to enable Robert Shepherd, Clerk, to exercise his Office of a Priest and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

13. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Frederick Baring Esquire with Emily his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes.

14. An Act for naturalizing Maria Cecilia Agatha Anna Josepha Laurentia Donata Melchiora Balthassara Gaspara Princess Giustiniani, Widow of Charles Marquess Bandini in the Roman States, and Sigismund Nicholas Venantius Gaietano Francis Marquess Bandini, the only Son and Heir Apparent of the said Princess Giustiniani Marchioness Dowager Bandini by the said Charles Marquess Bandini her late Husband.

15. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Keays Esquire with Maria Eliza his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and forother Purposes.

