Private Acts passed in 1858, 21 & 22 Victoria c.1 - c.11.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1858.
---

1. An Act for enabling Mining Leases to be granted of an Estate in the North Riding of Yorkshire, late of Henry Darley Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Barley's Estate Act, 1858."

2. An Act to confirm certain Arrangements with regard to the Trust Estate of the late George Viscount Keith, and to enable his Trustees to carry the same into effect.

3. An Act for confirming and giving effect to an Agreement for a Lease by the Westminster Improvement Commissioners of Land in Victoria Street and Tothill Street in the City of Westminster to the Westminster Palace Hotel Company, Limited, and of which the Short Title is "Westminster Palace Hotel Company's Act, 1858."

4. An Act to authorize the raising of Money to be expended in permanent Improvements on the Entailed Estates of Braco, Marr, Carraldstoun, and others, and the granting of Feus and long Leases of Parts of the said Estates.

5. An Act for vesting Estates of the late Mr. Henry Holroyd deceased in Trustees for Sale, and for authorizing Grants in Fee and Building Leases for long Terms of Years of the same Estates; and for other Purposes.

6. An Act to grant further Powers and to make further Provisions in respect to the Estates subject to the Trusts of the Will of Benjamin Hall Esquire, deceased.

7. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the late James Davidson of Ruchill to sell Part of his Lands of Ruchill, Garrioch, and Balgray in the County of Lanark, and to reinvest the Prices of such Lands; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for regulating the Dundonald Bursaries in the University and College of Glasgow, and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for authorizing Mining, Building, and other Leases, the obtaining of the Enfranchisement of Copyholds and the Renewal of Leases, and the making of Partitions, Sales, and Exchanges of the Estates devised and bequeathed by the Will of Henry Belward Ray Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes.

10. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting the Estate of the Right Reverend Father in God Doctor John Stearne, late Lord Bishop of Clogher, deceased, in Trustees, in trust for carrying the charitable and other Bequests of his Witt into execution.

11. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth and in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for naturalizing Dame Marie Louise Pelline De Dalberg Acton and her infant Son Sir John Emerich Edward Dalberg Acton Baronet, as enacts that the said Sir John Emerich Edward Dalberg Acton Baronet shall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself or any other Person or Persons in trust for him.
