Private Acts passed in 1859, 22 & 23 Victoria c.1 - c.7.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1859.
---

1. An Act to authorize the Exchange of certain detached Portions situate in the County of Forfar of the Entailed Estate of Haulkertoun for the Lands of Balbithan and Wester Fintray in the County of Aberdeen, to be entailed in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

2. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Settled Estates in Wales of Earl Vane and Countess Vane to raise Five thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the same Estates, and to become Shareholders to the Extent of such Sum in the Newtown and Machynlleth Railway Company, and to sell to the Company Part of the Settled Estates, in consideration of a yearly Rentcharge; and for other Purposes.

3. An Act for confirming and giving effect to an Agreement for a Lease by the Westminster Improvement Commissioners of Land in Victoria Street and Dean Street in the City of Westminster to Alfred Lucette, of which the Short Title is "Lucette’s Estate Act, 1859."

4. An Act for authorizing Leases of Parts of the Settled Estates, in the Parishes of Huddersfield, Almondbury, and Kirkheaton in the West Riding of the County of York, of Sir John William Ramsden Baronet, and of which the Short Title is "Ramsden's Estate (Leasing) Act, 1859."

5. An Act for effecting a Partition of the Landed Estates of Josiah Robins deceased in and near to Birmingham and elsewhere, and for facilitating the Erection and Endowment of a Church thereon, and for authorizing the Application of Moneys subject to the Trusts of his Will towards the Expenses of making Bridges for the Benefit of Parts of his Estates; and for other Purposes.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Sandwith Esquire with Georgina Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

7. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Edward Dickinson, a Surgeon in the Honourable East India Company’s Service in the East Indies, with Henrietta Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.
