Private Acts passed in 1860, 23 & 24 Victoria c.1 - c.10.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1859.
---

1. An Act for the Sale of certain Estates at Gibraltar held on the Trusts of the Will of John Maria Boschetti deceased, and for the Investment of the Proceeds thereof in this Country.

2. An Act to incorporate the Governors of the Hospital in Edinburgh founded by Daniel Stewart, and to amend and explain his Trust Settlement.

3. An Act for the better leasing of the Walworth Manor Estate in the Parish of Newington in the County of Surrey to the respective Trustees of the Wills of Samuel Brandon deceased and Thomas Brandon deceased, and for Exchanges and a Partition, and other Purposes.

4. An Act for the Sale of the Settled Estates in the Counties of Sligo and Galway of John Lord De Freyne, and for the Purchase of Estates in the County of Roscommon, to be limited to the Uses of those Settled Estates.

5. An Act to enable the Trustees of Lord Beauchamp's Charity to purchase the Right of Nomination to the Chapelry of Newland in the County of Worcester, and to vest in them the Site of the Church or Chapel of Newland.

6. An Act for granting further Power to lease for Building and Improving Purposes certain Parts of the Estates situate in the County of Dublin of Sir Charles Compton William Baronet, and to accept Surrenders of Leases of such Portions of the said Estates, and for other Purposes.

7. An Act to vary or extend certain borrowing Powers contained in the Settlement of the Duke of Norfolk's Estates, and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for amending the Powers of Leasing contained in the Will of the Right Honourable Edward Michael late Earl of Longford and Baron Silchester deceased, and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for authorizing the raising of Money for Payment of Incumbrances on the Estates in the Counties of Roscommon and Sligo and Queen's County of which the Right Honourable Robert Viscount Lorton is Tenant for Life in Possession, by Mortgage instead of Sale.

10. An Act for naturalizing Charles Maria Joseph Livy Anthony James Joachim Levingstone Bandini Giustiniani, Caroline Maria Elena Gioacchina Bandini Giustiniani, and Elena Maria Concetta Isabella Gioacchina Guiseppa Bandini Giustiniani, the infant Children of Sigismund Nicholas Venantius Gaietano Francis Bandini Giustiniani Esquire, commonly called Viscount Kynnaird Marquess Bandini in the Roman States, the only Son and Heir Apparent of Maria Cecilia Agatha Anna Josepha Laurentia Donata Melchiora Balthassara Gaspara Countess of Newburgh.


