Private Acts passed in 1861, 24 & 25 Victoria, c.1 - c.10.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1861.
---

1. An Act to incorporate the Trustees of "The Atkinson Institution of Glasgow," acting under the Will of Thomas Atkinson, Bookseller and Stationer, of Glasgow, deceased, and to enlarge the Powers of such Trustees, the better to enable them to carry out the benevolent Designs of the said Testator.

2. An Act to extend the Powers of Leasing contained in the Will of the Right Honourable John Savile Lumley Savile Earl of Scarbrough deceased, with respect to certain Estates in the County of York, thereby devised, and therein called the Savile York Estates; and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "Savile Estate (Leasing) Act, 1861."

3. An Act for authorizing the Application for the Maintenance and Benefit of the Children of Sir Beresford Burston McMahon Baronet of certain Monies by the Will of Sir William McMahon Baronet, deceased, directed to be accumulated during the Life of Sir Beresford Burston McMahon.

4. An Act to authorize the Most Noble George Granville William Duke and Earl of Sutherland and Anne Duchess of Sutherland to disentail the Estate of Cromarty, and to grant a new Entail thereof.

5. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Sir William Fowle Fowle Middleton to carry into effect certain Contracts affecting his Estates in London and Middlesex.

6. An Act for the Amendment of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Session of the 19th and 20th Years of George the Third, incorporating the Trustees of the Hospital founded by George Simpson Esquire, and for confirming the Leases granted by the Trustees.

7. An Act for confirming Leases granted by Sir Richard Godin Simeon Baronet, deceased, and Sir John Simeon Baronet, respectively, of Parts of the Saint John's Estate in the Parish of Saint Helens in the Isle of Wight; and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "Sir John Simeon's Leasing Act, 1861."

8. An Act to simplify certain of the Trusts and Provisions in the Settlements of the Vane Tempest Estates, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

9. An Act to authorize the granting of Building and Repairing Leases of Parts of the Estates devised and bequeathed by the Will of the Right Honourable George Earl of Egremont deceased, or become subject to the Trusts thereof; and for other Purposes.

10. An Act for enabling Trustees to raise Money on Mortgage of the Hemsworth Estates in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, and for giving Powers of Sale and Exchange over the same Estates.
