Private Acts passed in 1862, 25 & 26 Victoria, c.1 - c.8.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1862.
---

1. An Act to confirm certain Contracts for granting Leases made and entered into by Charles Phillimore Esquire of Part of the Lands and Hereditaments devised by the Will of William Robert Phillimore Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and to confirm certain Leases granted in pursuance of the said Contracts, and for other Purposes relating to the said Will.

2. An Act for incorporating the Trustees under the Will of Captain William Mackintosh, for defining and explaining the said Will, and for carrying into effect the Purposes thereof.

3. An Act to extend the Powers given to the Trustees of the Will of William Tufnell Esquire by an Act of Parliament passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for enabling the Trustee under the Will of the late William Tufnell Esquire to reduce the Fines for the Copyholds held of the Manor of Barnersbury, devised by his Will, as an Encouragement to the Tenants to build thereon, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the devised Estates; and for other Purposes.

4. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of Edward, late King of England the Sixth, of Saint Thomas the Apostle, commonly called "Saint Thomas's Hospital," to convey the Site of the present Hospital to the Charing Cross Railway Company, and to acquire a new Site for the same Hospital; and for other Purposes.

5. An Act for amending the Powers of Leasing and other Powers created by divers Acts relating to the Estates annexed to the Earldom of Shrewsbury; and for other Purposes.

6. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the Will of Athelstan Corbet Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases and Mining Leases of the Estates thereby devised, and to raise Five thousand Pounds out of the same Estates, and apply such Sum in the Improvement of the Port of Aberdovey and Lands adjoining thereto; and for other Purposes.

7. An Act for inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands called "Dollow and Kilmore Commons" in the Parishes of Dollow and Kilmore in the County of Tipperary.

8. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Colonel Gore Boland Munbee with Sophia Catherine his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.
