Private Acts passed in 1863, 26 & 27 Victoria, c.1 - c.8.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1863.
---

1. AN Act to continue an Act for extending the Time during which the Trustees of the late Sir Gilbert Stirling of Mansfield, Baronet, were authorized to purchase Lands to be entailed in the Terms declared by certain Trust Deeds executed by him; and for other Purposes.

2. An act for making Provision with respect to the Interest of Sir Henry Meux, Baronet, in the Business of the Horse Shoe Brewery.

3 An Act to modify the Condition of Residence at Haverholme Priory contained in the Will of the late Sir Jenison William Gordon, Baronet, in so far as such Condition affects the present or any future Infant Tenant in Tail under the Limitations of the same Will.

4. An act for a Re-settlement of Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Sir Arthur Ingram Aston deceased.

5. An act to amend "The Fife Estates Improvement Act, 1858;" to authorize the Exchange of the entailed Estate of Ardgye in the County of Elgin for the Lands of Westerton in the same County, to be entailed in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

6. An act for enabling Agricultural Leases to be granted of the Estates called the Bolton Estates, entailed by an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth; and for enabling, with the Sanction of the Court of Chancery, the granting of Building and Mining and Improvement Leases, and for enabling the Partition and Sale of the same Estates.

7. An act for the better Management of the Estates annexed to the Earldom of Arundel; and for the Sale of certain Parts of the same Estates, and for other Purposes, the Short Title whereof is "The Arundel Estate Act, 1863."

8. An act for enlarging and extending the Powers given by "Wyndham's Estate Act, 1854," of or over divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates devised by or subject to the Limitations of the Will of the Right Honourable George Obrien Earl of Egremont deceased.

