Private Acts passed in 1864, 27 & 28 Victoria, c.1 - c.15.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1864.
---

1. An Act to incorporate the Trustees under the Trust Disposition and Settlement of Francis Simpson Esquire, of Plean, and to explain the said Trust Disposition and Settlement.

2. An act to incorporate the Trustees of the Scots Episcopal Fund; to alter and amend the Trust Deeds; to empower the Trustees to sell the Estate of Kildonan in the County of Ayr; to regulate the Investment of the Trust Funds; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

3. An act for authorizing the Dean and Chapter of Kilkenny to raise Money for the Repair and Restoration of Kilkenny Cathedral, and to endow the Parishes of Durrow and Ballinamara; and for other Purposes.

4. An act for giving Effect to a Compromise of Suits affecting the Estates in the County of Cork in Ireland, late of Henry Frederick John James Perceval Fifth Earl of Egmont deceased.

5. An act for giving Effect to a Compromise of a certain Suit depending in the Court of Chancery in Ireland relating to certain Estates in the Counties of Limerick and Cork of the Right Honourable Standish O'Grady First Viscount Guillamore.

6. An act to raise Money for the Purchase of the Horsham Estate in the County of Kent, now in Lease from the Warden and College of All Souls, Oxford, to the Right Honourable George Francis Robert Lord Harris, and of Lands intermixed therewith.

7. An act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Pattison Ellames, late of Allerton Hall in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, to sell the said Mansion House, Lands, and Hereditaments of Allerton Hall, and to purchase other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

8. An act for Charles Sheils' Almshouses Charity.

9. An act for the Purpose of conferring Powers of jointuring and charging Portions out of and upon the Estates and Hereditaments of which the Right Honourable William Earl of Abergavenny is seised as Tenant in Tail Male under an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and for enabling Leases and Sales to be made of certain Parts of the same Estates and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes.

10. An act for amending, extending, and enlarging the Powers contained in the Will and Codicil of the Right Honourable Thomas Atherton Lord Lilford deceased.

11. An act to provide for the Settlement of the Claims of the Heirs of Entail of the Estate of Hailes in the County of Edinburgh with respect to the Construction of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal through the said Estate.

12. An act to confirm and give Effect to a Decree of the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland made in a certain Cause Petition Matter wherein Anthony O'Reilly was Petitioner and Caroline Maria O'Reilly and others were Respondents, and bearing Date the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and to Two Indentures dated respectively the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one executed in pursuance of the said Decree, and to an Indenture dated Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one therein and herein particularly mentioned.

13. An act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of John Arden Esquire, deceased, to build a Family Mansion on Part of the Estates, subject to the Limitations of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

14. An act to confirm Agreements between the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Dundee and the Presbytery and Ministers of Dundee with respect to the Churches and Hospital of the said Burgh; and for other Purposes.

15. An act to enable John Chittenden, Clerk, to exercise his Office of a Priest, and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

