Private Acts passed in 1865, 28 & 29 Victoria c.1 - c.10.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1865.
---


1. AN Act to enlarge and amend the Powers and Provisions relating to the Management and Improvement of the Property subject to the Trusts of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater.

2. An act for modifying the Trusts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable George James Earl of Winchilsea and Nottingham, declared by his Marriage Settlement, and to take effect during his Lifetime, and of which the Short Title is "Earl of Winchilsea's Estate Act, 1865."

3. An act for the better carrying into effect of "Baroness Windsor's Estate Act, 1857."

4. An act for amending, extending, and enlarging the Powers and modifying certain Conditions as to Residence contained in the Will and Codicils of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle deceased.

5. An act for confirming an Agreement between the Right Honourable Charles Morgan Robinson Lord Tredegar and Promoters of the Alexandra Dock Company for the Conveyance to the Company of Lands forming Part of his Settled Estates, and the making by Trustees of the Settlement of the Estates out of Trust Monies subject to the Settlement of a Contribution towards the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "Lord Tredegar's Estate Act, 1865."

6. An act for confirming Sales of Parts of an Estate called Garthmeilio, belonging to John Wynne Esquire, who has been found a Lunatic by Inquisition, and for authorizing the Sale of further Parts of the same Estate for the Purpose of paying Costs incurred in the Matter of his Lunacy, and certain of his private Debts.

7. An act for enabling the Testamentary Trustees of Sir William Francis Eliott of Stobs and Wells, Baronet, deceased, to sell the Trust Estates or Parts thereof for the Purpose of paying off or providing for the Payment of the Debts which affect or which may be made to affect the same, and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

8. An act to authorize the borrowing of Money on the Security of the Entailed Estate of Downie Park in the County of Forfar, or the Sale of a Portion of the Estate, for the Purpose of paying the Debts and Legacies affecting the same.

9. An act for authorizing Sales of Fisheries and Rights of Fishing and other Hereditaments by the Provost of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin in his Corporate Capacity; and for other Purposes.

10. An act to enable Abraham Edwards Clerk to exercise his Office of a Priest, and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

