Private Acts passed in 1867-8, 31 & 32 Victoria c.1-11.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1868.
---

1. An Act to incorporate the Trustees and Managers of Alexander Scott's Hospital at Huntly in the County of Aberdeen, and to extend the Benefits thereof.

2. An Act to enable William Dunn Gardner Esquire, upon purchasing the respective Reversions of and in certain Leasehold Estates devised by the Will of William Dunn Gardner, deceased, to charge the said Estates with the Purchase Money and the Expenses incident to such Purchase, and to convey or cause to be conveyed the same Estates by way of Mortgage to secure the Payment of the said Purchase Money and Expenses, without incurring a Forfeiture of his Estate and Interest under the same Will; and for other Purposes.

3. An Act to enable Sir Charles Compton William Domvile Baronet to borrow upon the Security of his Entailed Estates situate in the County of Dublin, a Sum of Money for the Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of the said Estates.

4. An Act for authorizing the Trustees under an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Duke of Richmond for the Time being to grant Jointures as therein mentioned, and for other Purposes, to sell certain Parts of the Duke of Richmond's Settled Estates, and to invest the Money to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and also to raise a Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the Settled Estates, to be invested in the same Manner; and for other Purposes.

5. An Act to carry into effect an Arrangement approved in the Suits of "Hamp v. Hamp," "Hamp v. Robinson" and "Hamp v. Bolt," now depending in the High Court of Chancery, for the Purpose of compromising certain opposing Claims to the Real Estates of Francis Hamp, late of Bacton Villa in the Parish of Bacton in the County of Hereford, Esquire; and for other Purposes.

6. An Act to extend the Powers contained in the Will of the Right Honourable John Savile Lumley Savile, Earl of Scarbrough, deceased, and in the "Savile Estate (Leasing) Act, 1861," with respect to certain Estates in the County of York, Part of the Savile Estates devised by or subject to the Trusts of the said Will, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Savile Estate (Extension of Powers) Act, 1868."

7. An Act to extend and amend Ward Jackson's Estate Act, 1853; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act to provide for the vesting and Management of certain Funds held in trust by the Town Council of Aberdeen; and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Perry Green Gardiner of the City of New York in the United States of America.

10. An Act to confer upon Henry William Ferdinand Bolckow all the Rights, Privileges, and Capacities of a natural-born Subject of Her Majesty the Queen.

11. An Act to confer upon Christian Allhusen all the Rights, Privileges, and Capacities of a natural-born Subject of Her Majesty the Queen.

