Private Acts passed in 1868-9, 32 & 33 Victoria c.1-12.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 14, 1869.
---

1. An Act to authorize the exchange of parts of the entailed estate of Novar, in the counties of Ross and Elgin, for parts of the entailed estates of Contullich and Culcairn and the fee-simple lands of Inchcoulter, in the county of Ross.

2. An Act for making better provision respecting the disposition of the estate of the late Joseph Crossley of Halifax, deceased; and for other purposes.

3. An Act for authorizing the raising of Money on the security of part of the Settled Estates of the Marquis Camden for the purpose of the erection of a Mansion House thereon; and for other purposes.

4. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honorable Frederick Lord Calthorpe, Baron Calthorpe of Calthorpe in the county of Norfolk, deceased, of various parts of an estate situate in the parish of Edgbaston in the county of Warwick, and for altering the present powers of leasing over the same and other estates comprised in a resettlement of the same dated the eighteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and for other purposes.

5. An Act for authorizing the leasing, selling, exchanging, and partitioning of Estates in the parish of Manchester in the county of Lancaster.

6. An Act to incorporate the Trustees of the deceased John Ferguson, of Cairnbrock, under the name of "The Ferguson Bequest Fund," and to enlarge the powers of said Trustees, the better to enable them to carry out the designs of the deceased.

7. An Act for enabling the Right Honorable Charles John Earl of Shrewsbury, and other the persons for the time being entitled to the estates annexed to the earldom of Shrewsbury, to make arrangements with the persons claiming to be entitled to or interested in lands at Oxton, in the county of Chester, under certain leases granted by Charles fifteenth Earl of Shrewsbury, John sixteenth Earl of Shrewsbury, and Bertram Arthur seventeenth Earl of Shrewsbury, respecting the premises comprised in such leases, and for annexing lands at Oxton to the earldom of Shrewsbury; and for other purposes.

8. An Act to authorize the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Grocers of the City of London, as Trustees under the will of Dame Margaret Slaney, deceased, to consent to the union of the Benefices of Allhallows Staining and Saint Olave Hart Street in the City of London, and for enabling the Trustees to carry into more complete effect the trusts of the will, and for facilitating such union.

9. An Act for authorizing mortgages of certain Real Estates in Manchester and Salford, in the county of Lancaster, subject to the will of the late Harriott Williams, deceased, and for other purposes, and of which the short title is "Williams’s Estate Act, 1869."

10. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the settlement dated the 5th day of June 1830, executed in accordance with the directions contained in the will of William Wilshere, Esquire, deceased, to pull down part of the family mansion called the Frythe, and to rebuild the same, and to make alterations in the remaining part of the mansion, and to build cottages on the settled estates, and for authorizing the granting of building leases and sales of parts of the settled estates, and for obtaining the enfranchisement of copyholds; and for other purposes.

11. An Act to relieve Alexander Hugh Bruce, of Kennet, in the county of Clackmannan, Esquire, and the heirs for the time being of the body of Michael first Lord Balfour of Burley, in the Peerage of Scotland, from the effect of the attainder of Robert fifth Lord Balfour of Burley.

12. An Act to confer upon Pandeli Ralli all the rights, privileges, and capacities of a Natural-born Subject of Her Majesty the Queen.

