Private Acts passed in 1880, 43 & 44 Victoria c.1-9.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 16, 1880.
---

1. AN Act to extend the Power of Sale contained in the Resettlement of the Blenheim Settled Estates to the Sunderland Library; and for other purposes.

2. An Act for giving further effect to a Compromise of certain opposing Claims affecting the Estates of William Sydney, Earl of Leitrim, deceased, in the counties of Leitrim, Donegal, Galway, and Kildare in Ireland; and for giving effect to a further arrangement respecting the said Estates.

3. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable St. George Henry Earl of Lonsdale to purchase certain Mines of Coal and other Minerals belonging to the Crown, and lying under the Sea adjoining the Coast of the county of Cumberland; and to raise Money for effecting such Purchase by mortgage of the Settled Instates, or parts thereof; and for other purposes.

4. An Act for making further provisions concerning the Settled Estates of the Marquess of Abergavenny.

5. An Act to confer upon the Trustees of the Family Estates, settled by the Will of the Most Noble Francis Godolphin D'Arcy, seventh Duke of Leeds, powers of sale and exchange and powers to raise Moneys for the purposes of the Settled Estates; and for other purposes.

6. An Act to naturalize Hermann Katz, and to grant to and confer upon him all the rights, privileges, and capacities of a natural-born Subject of Her Majesty the Queen.

7. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable George Frederick William Baron Byron from certain disabilities and penalties in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified by making and subscribing the Oath prescribed by Law.

8. An Act to naturalize Edward Max Posen, and to grant to and confer upon him all the rights, privileges, and capacities of a natural-born subject of Her Majesty the Queen.

9. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable William Conyngham Baron Plunket from certain disabilities and penalties in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified by making and subscribing the Oath prescribed by Law.

