Private Acts passed in 1905, 5 Edward 7 c.1 - c.8.
From The Public General Acts, 1905.
---

1. An Act to enable the Baron Barrymore to restore certain forfeited Leases in the town of Tipperary and for other purposes.

2. An Act to remove difficulties which prevent the dealing by way of Mortgage with the Fee Simple of certain Estates of the late Thomas George Corbett Esquire deceased situate in the County of Lincoln and for other purposes.

3. An Act for the settlement of the hereditaments and property representing the Estates devised by the Will dated the 26th day of June 1875 of the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington and in such Will referred to as “the Cheshire Estate” and for other purposes.

4. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Robert John McConnell Baronet of Windsor Avenue in the County of the City of Belfast with Elsie George McConnell his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes.

5. An Act to dissolve the marriage of Jane Sarah Victoria Lautour of Ansty House Erdington in the County of Warwick with Ernest Lautour her husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes.

6. An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of a certain Decree dated twenty-second November One thousand eight hundred and ninety-two of the High Court of Justice (Probate Divorce and Admiralty Division) dissolving the Marriage solemnized on the eleventh July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two between John Richard Malone and Charlotte Mildred Malone then Charlotte Mildred Yarde-Buller Spinster and to confirm the said Decree.

7. An Act to dissolve the marriage of Charles George Gamble (formerly of No. 14 Rostrevor Terrace Orwell Road Rathgar but now of Mount Jerome House both in the county of Dublin and of 39 Fleet Street in the city of Dublin) Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Judicature Ireland with Ida Gertrude Gamble his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Gamble's Divorce.)

8. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alice Edith Donovan the wife of Daniel Augustine Donovan with the said Daniel Augustine Donovan and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes.
