THE

SCOTS MAGAZINE.

MDCCLXXX

VOLUME XLII

Ne quid falsi dicere audeat, ne quid veri non audeat.

EDINBURGH:

Printed by A. MURRAY and J. COCHRAN.

<snip>

THE

SCOTS MAGAZINE.

JUNE, 1780.

CONTENTS.

---

An account of the late Tumults, h dread of Popery the origin x8r. Proie-fiaot iffoctation exhort to unanimity and firRinest ib. Meeting of this association in Coachmaker's hall »8x. Advertised to meet in St George’s Fields ib. Notice given to the Commons by Ld G. Gordon of his intent ions 183. Procelfion from St

Gewgc’t Fields ib. The members of par*

foment groftly abused ib. Ld G. Gordon's behaviour in the House 184. A let-, ter of Lord Stormont 183. Lords debates . ib. An address agreed to disf. »88. J/fiTORr 1778. Americas Difficulties en-. countered by the British army in its march from Philadelphia to New Yo»k x8p. Philadelphia evacuated in a critical time 193. toiiiLAWDWiTx’sobftinatc virtue >94. Amu icA. Loyal refugees to Ld G. Germain 194. and to the King 19 scriptions ip6.Depretiation of the con pels paper ib. Saratoga officers may be exchanged 197. Virginia council on the Hate of aifaixs ib. A pacific proclamation

by Gov. Robertson of New York ib. Joy of the Americans on the discontents in Ireland xpp. Congress join in Popish rites at a funeral 300. Col. Hamilton hanged by order of Gen. Lincoln ib. Successes of the King’s troops in S. Carolina 301. — Two naval engagements by Adm. Rodney 303. Law-opinion concerning St Vincent’s 304. A British proclamation in 1717, to which the French refeript in 1778 is a contrail ib.

Montagu, a whimsical anecdote 30J.

Mr Sm e lt's speech concluded 305.

A private letter of Bp Butler 308.

A new method of Root-grafting 308.

Parliament. Commons on crown-in-floence 309. On producing accounts of public money paid to members ib. On rendering a feat incompatible with certain offices 310. On disqualifying revenue-officers to vote at elections 311. On proroguing or ditto! ving the parliament 313.

Poetry. Serj. Bradlliaw to Mr Dunning 319. On a late altercation 310.

Historical Affairs 3x1.-----33d.

*-t»fr*4 ’-

As account rf the rife and progress of the hit tmulls in London, <bc.

A Dread of Popery’s being encouraged, has given rife to associations for the security of the Protestant religion. Of fmeof these. Lord George Gordon, brother of the Duke of Gordon, and a member of parliament, was chosen present. A repeal of the act passed in 1778, for relieving Papists from certain penalties and disabilities [40. 393.], was lieobjed of these aflodations. — The following notice appeared in the papers.

Protestant Association. This is to give notice, that, in compliance with a petition addressed to the rYffident, the committee have resolved, Vot.XHL

that there shall be another general meeting of the Protestant?, before the London petition is presented to the House of Commons.

The petition will not he presented this week, but will be kept till towards the close of this session of parliament, to give time for similar petitions from other parts of England, Wales, and Scotland, to be presented before it.

All the true friends of Great Britain, and of civil and religious liberty, are exhorted tot unite in support of the Protestant interest before it is too late; for unanimity and firmness in that glorious cause can alone protetft us from the dangerous confederacy of Popish powers. If we unite, like one man, for the honour of God, and the liberties of the N n people.

282 An account of the tuomlts in London, &c. Vol. 42.'

people, we may yet experience the blessing of divine providence on this kingdom, and love and confidence may again be restored among brethren. But if we continue obstinate in errors, and spread idolatry and corruption through the land, we have nothing to expert but division among the people, distraction in the fe-nate, and discontent in our camps, with nil the other calamities attendant on those rations whom God has delivered over to arbitrary power and despotifin.

G. Gorbon, President.

Welbeck Street, London May 8.

Those of London and its environs who wish the repeal of the late Popish bill, are desired to sign the Protestant petition, which they may have access to at the President’s house in Welbeck street, every day before four o’clock."

In pursuance of an advertisement, dated, May 5. a meeting was held, and its proceedings appeared in the papers, viz.

" Protestant Association.

Monday evening [May 29.] the meeting of the Protestant Association was held at Coachmaker’s hall, puvfuant to public advertisement. At half past fix o’clock the hall was quite full, and exceedingly crouded. Lord George Gordon took the chair exactly at seven, and addrefl'ed the meeting for near half an hour. His Lordship observed, that the jPopifh bill was carried through both Houses of Parliament with such amazing rapidity, that the people had not time to form au opposition, or to make themselves acquainted with the pernicious consequences that mutt attend its passing into a law; that the indulgence given to Popery by the repeal of the a# of William 1U. was inconsistent with the principles of the Resolution, had a tendency to endanger the succession in the House of Hanover, and threatened ddtruttion to the civil and religious liberty of this country. His Lordship read an extra# from a Popish catechism, just published by a Popish printer in Grosvenor fqtiarc, anddifperfed among the ignorant and unthinking part of the community; like-wife an indulgence granted by the Pope, this present year, to his Holy Catholic subjects and faints in this heretic country: and from these publications his Lordship bid the people form an idea of the rapid and alarming progress that Popery was making ill this kingdom; and the only way to stop it was, by going, iq a firm, manly, am) rcfolqtc man-

ner, to the House, and shewing their representatives, that they were determined to preserve their religious freedom with their lives: that, for his part, he would run all hazards with the people 5 and if the people were too lukewarm to run all hazards with him, when their conscience and their country call them forth, they might get another President; for he would tell them candidly, that he was not a lukewarm man himself, and that if they meant to spend their time in mock debate and idle opposition, they might get another leader. This speech was received with the loudest acclamations of applause; and his Lordship then moved the following resolution: " That the whole body of the Protestant Aflocia-tion do attend in St George’s Fields, on Friday next, at ten o’clock in the morning, to accompany his Lordship to the House of Commons on the delivery of the Pifttestant petition which was carried unanimously, with repeated burfts of applause. His Lordship then informed them, that if less than 20,000 of his fellow-citizens attended him on that day, he would not present their petition: and for the better observance of order, he moved, that they should arrange themselves in four divisions; the Protestants of the city of London on the right, those of the city of Westminster on the left, the borough of Southwark third, and the people of Scotland resident in London and its environs to form the last division; and that they might know their friends from their enemies, he added, that every real Protestant, and friend of the petition, should come with blue cockades in their hats. This also parted unanimously; and the meeting adjourned to Monday the 12th day of June."

Another advertisement was forthwith issued, viz.

" Protestant Association.

Whereas no hall in London can contain FORTY THOUSAND MEN,

Resolved, That this Association do meet on Friday next in St George’s fields, at ten o’clock in the morning, to corfi-der of the most prudent and respectful manner of attending their petition, which, will be prefen ted the fame day to the House of Commons.

Resolved, for the fake of good order and regularity, That this Association, on coming to the ground, do ferrate them— selves into four cliftin# division.% vix, (he London division, the

division A

June 1780. An account of the tumults in London, &c. 283

division, the Southwark division, and the Scotch division.

Resolved, That the London division do take place upon the right of the ground towards Southwark, the Weft* minster division second, the Southwark division third, and the Scotch division upon the left, all wearing Blue Cockades in their bat*, to distinguish them-felve8 from the Papifis, and those who approve of the late ad in favour of Popery-

Resolved, That the Magistrates of London, Westminster, and Southwark, are requested to attend, that their presence may overawe and corftroul any riotous or evil-minded persons, who may wiih to disturb the legal and peaceable deportment of his Majesty’s Protestant subjects.

By order of the Association, London, May 19. G. Gordon, Pres."

Lord George Gordon gave notice in the House of Commons, May 30. That, on the Friday following, June a. he should have the honour of presenting to the House the petition of the Protestant Associations of London, Westminster, and Southwark, praying fora repeal of the late alt in favour of Popery in England. He acquainted the House, that the whole associations proposed to assemble in St George’s Fields, and to accompany their petition to the House, in the moil humble, decent, and respectful manner.

In the morning of Friday, June a. a great number of persons, with blue cockades in their hats, met in St George’s Fields. A tailor was employed to tack together the different skins which had been signed by the petitioners, composing a very large roll. They separated into four divisions; the London, the Westminster, the Southwark, and the Scotch. With the last there was a Highlander, in his country-dress, his sword drawn, and followed by a pair of bagpipes. Lord George Gordon joined them about eleven. His Lordship addrdTed the several divisions; told them he would go, and wait for them at the House; requested they would go round London bridge, and proceed through the cities of London and Westminster to Palace-yard; and then went into his carriage.— Peaceable conduit was recommended by the following hand-bill.

" As there is great rrafon to believe, that a number of Papists will assemble,

with an intent to breed a riot among the Protestants, at their intended peaceable and lawful meeting this day, in St George’s Fields, in the most humble manner to attend their worthy President Lord George Gordon, with the Protestant petition, up to the Honourable the House of Commons, it is requested, that Protestant6 who may receive insults from any of those attending for the above purpose, will not of themselves relent it, but cause them to be given up to the civil power, with as little confusion as possible, (a number of magistrates and constables attending for that purpose), in order to their being prosecuted with the utmost severity of the law.

You are again, Gentlemen, exhorted, as Protestants, and the most loyal subjects of his present Majesty, King George the Third, whatever riots or confusion may happen amongst the spellators, to keep your ground in the properdivisions; for on peace and good order a great deal depends."

Between eleven and twelve they set off, marching, the great body, fix a-breast, over London bridge, through Cornhili and the city, another body over Black-friars bridge, and a third over Westminster bridge, to the amount of about

50,000, some say ico,oooo persons, with banner, flags, pennants, &c. and the Protestant petition, of an enormous size, carried on a man’s head in front of the procession, in their way to Palace-yard. The procession was so extensive, that when the first part reached Westminster hall, the last row was advanced no farther than the comer of the Old Change. It was remarked, that the part of the procession which wa9 preceded by the highlander and bag-pipers was orderly; but that the people who went before the afiociators, to clear the way, had the a-fpclt of abandoned vagabonds.

Between two and three they surrounded both Houses of Parliament, announcing their attendance by a general huzza. They immediately became disorderly, treating the members with the greatest influence and barbarity. — The Archbishop of Canterbury had his wig pulled off', and his canonicals torn to pieces; the Arch-bitiiop of York was flopped, and grolVly abused; the Lord President Baihuilt was pushed about in the rudest manner, and kicked violently on the legs; Lord Mansfield's wig was pulled oft, and dallied in his face; Lord Stormont had waft n a ter

284 An account of the tumults ia London, See. Vol.42.

tev spouted in his face; the Duke of Northumberland had -his pocket picked of his watch; the Bishop of Litchfield had his gown torn; the wheels of the Bishop of Lincoln’s carriage were taken off, his canonicals were torn, he was (truck at repeatedly, and in all probability would have been destroyed, had he not escaped into the house of Mr Atkinson an attorney, and escaped over the leads of an adjacent house, after having changed his cloaths, the mob having been then permitted to search the house for him, as they said they were determined to cut the sign of the cross in his forehead; the front -glass of Lord Trentham’a vis-a* vis was broke, and his Lordship grossly insulted; Lords Hillsborough, Townshend, Willoughby de Broke, Boston, Ashburnham, St John, Dudley, and many other Lords, were grolsly abused; Mr Wel-bore Ellis was pursued to the Guildhall, Westminster, the windows of which were broke, and Mr Ellis was roughly handled: but his R. H. the Duke of Gloucester, the Dukes of Devonshire, Richmond, and Roxburgh, the Earl of Shelburne, Lord Camden, the Bishop of Peterborough, and many other patriotic noblemen, had their carriages conducted with great respetf to the door of the House.—The mob filled the lobby of the House of Commons, and pressed so violently against the door, that the members might truly be said to be closely blocked up: and they followed the Lords to the door of the House; but-were there repulsed by the wife precautions of Sir Francis Molineux.

Intelligence having been brought into the House of Lords, that Lord Boston was in the power of the mob, Lord Radnor proposed, that feme Lords should go down, and extricate his Lord fit ip; Lord Townshend offered to be one of the number; the Duke of Richmond offered to go also, but laid, if they went as a House, the mace ought to be carried before the learned Lord on the wool-sack, who should goat their head; Lord Mansfield exprdfed his readiness if their Lordships thought it proper: but at that moment Lord Boston got into the house, his hair all difhevclled, and his cloaths all bed aw bed. — The Earl of Shelburne blamed administration for not having taken proper measures to prevent a tumult, as the advertisements calling the people together had appeared in the news papers l'oinc days before; and in-

fmuated that it was a government-mob* Lord Ravenfwotth said, the advertisement for the people to assemble in large bodies, in which the name of Lord George Gordon had appeared, was published some days before; and ought to have been immediately proceeded on. Lord Bathurst observed, that the mob had ill-treated more Lords in administration than in opposition: was it likely they would have done so had they been the mob of administration ? Lord Hillsborough said, that orders had been sent to the magistrates of Westminster, warning them of this mob, and directing them to be in the way to quell any tumults. But Mr Sampson Wright, and another justice, said, they had neither received nor heard of such an order.—Lord Mansfield, by order of the House, directed the two justices, to go directly, and try by every possible force they coaid collect, to disperse the mob, and to come back and report. The justices on their return reported, that they had gone to Guildhall, Westminster, and that the mob had followed Mr W. Ellis thither, and had turned out Mr Addington and the constables; adding, that the mob was tco large for them and the constables to be able to disperse. Lord Denbigh said, if the civil power were unequal to the talk, the military ought to be called ont, and put under the authority of the civil power. Before nine o’clock the Lords adjourned to the next day.

In the House of Commons Lord George Gordon came several times to the top of the gallery, and harangued the mob. He told them to be decent and orderly; at the same time to keep to their purpose; to insist on an answer to the petition that night; for that Monday would be the King’s birth-day, and probably the parliament might be prorogued onTucfday, the day to which rt was intended to adjourn the consideration of She petition, and then there would be an end of the affair :—* Gentlemen, (laid his LordshipJ, the alarm has gone forth for many miles round the city; you have got a very good prince, who, as soon as he shall learn that the alarm has Seized such a number of men, will, no doubt, fend down private orders to his ministers to enforce the prayer of your petition." Mean time the chaplain of the House told Lord George, that all the fatal consequences that might happen that night, would lie entirely at his

L.

June 1780. An account of the tumults In London, &c. 285

Lordship's door; Gen. Conway asked him, if be intended to bring those men into the house ? the members would defend the door with their swords; and Col. 1 accolted him thus: " My Lord George, do you intend to bring your rascally adherents into the House of Comirlbns ? If you do,—the first man of them that enters, I will plunge my sword, not into his, but into your body.’* This dismayed Lord George not a little. —About nne o’clock the horse and foot guards arrived: the former were placed in Palace-yard; the latter lined all the avenues to the House of Commons; and a captain’s guard was placed in the court of Requests. After this no mifehiefen-f; ed. — Almost the whole time the I use fat was taken up in debating a-b 11*' the mob. At last Lord George pre-<mrd the petition; and moved, That it 'I. *\1 be then taken into considera-?of'n.,) it another motion was made, for p "vmng the consideration of it till the '1 clday following; and upon a division, the numbers were, For postponing 182, Against it 9. These nine were. Sir P. Ten. Clerke, Sir Mich. Le Fleming, Sir James Lowther, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr Polhill, Mr Tollemache, Earl Ver-jiey. Lord George Gordon, and Aid. Bull. At eleven o’clock the House adjourned: and themob being by this time gone off, the guards were ordered away. About ten o’clock the mob paraded in differentdivisionsfrom Palace-yard. Part went to the Sardinian ambafl'ador’s chapel, broke open the doors, pulled down the rails, feats, altar, &c. carried them to the street, laid them against the doors, and set them on fire, by which the chapel wa9 entirely consumed, and the house over the gateway much damaged. The mob would not fuft’er any body to extinguish the flames. About eleven the guards came, and seized several of the ringleaders. Another party broke into the Bavarian ambafTador’s chapel, demolished it partly, and carried off the box which contained the poor’s money. Here they were interrupted by the military, and thirteen of the rioters seized. They broke also into the houses of the Bavarian and Sardinian ambafifadors: three of the rioters were taken in the latter. Great depredations were likewise committed in and about Moorfields.

On Saturday, June little or no dif-

ftirbance happened. —An official letter was sent to the Lord Mayor, viz.

« Mv Lord 3-

Myx.o*D, j 14/

As information which I have received, gives me reason to apprehend, that tumults may arise within your Lordship’s jurisdiction, 1 think it my duty to convey to you immediately this information. I cannot too strongly recommend the matter to your Lordship’s attention; and am confident, from your known activity, that you will not omit any legal exertion of the civil power which may contribute upon this occasion to preserve the public peace. 1 have the honour to be, my Lord, your Lordship’s most obedient humble servant,

Stormont. The Rt Hon. the Lord Mayor."

Thirteen persons who had been taken up the evening before, were this day examined, at Sir John Fielding’s, by Justices Wright, Addington, See.; of whom eleven were committed to Clerkenwell prison, and two were admitted to bail.

In the House of Lords, this day, the Earl Bathurst, President of the Council, made a pathetic speech on the indignity offered to that House by an insolent moo the day preceding. Some Lords (he said) had been torn from their carriages, and absolutely robbed; a Noble Prelate had been obliged to take (belter in a gentleman’s house, to change his cloaths, and escape over the tops of the houses; for thirty of the rioters broke into the house, and searched every room in it for the Bishop, menacing him in the most horrid manner. Not content with this and other outrages, they had proceeded at night to the house9 or some of the foreign ministers; had insulted them, and set fire to their chapels; by which they bad brought disgrace upon this country. His Lordship, therefore, thought it impossible for the House to proceed to any other business till they had taken proper measures to rtftore their dignity, to provide for their safety and tranquillity, and to maintain the honour of the nation in respect to the security of the rights and privileges of foreign ministers. He trusted their Lordships would not suffer an idea injurious to their justice, their respect for foreign states, and their regard for the laws of nations, to go abroad; and he had not a doubt, but every Noble Lord who heat'd him, felt his indignation rife as high as he did: he was therefore satisfied that they would all readily concur

wit’:

L

286 An account of the tumults in London, 42*

with him in a measure which he intended respect to the motion, he concurred in it to submit to the House; a measure the most heartily: he was not an advocate more necessary, as the (pint of rioting for rioting; and had too great a respect was not extinguished. Their Lordships for the laws of his country, and the laws could not suppose, that outrages would of nations, not to wish that the violators be committed only on one tide; for there of both should be brought to condign were whispers, and something Wronger punishment.

than whispers, that on that very night Lord Shelburne represended ministers another description of mob fired by re- for not having taken effectual roeafures, fentment, intended to rife, and retaliate, to prevent the riots of the preceding day. Government had already taken every pre- which they might thank themselves for, caution to prevent the perpetration of because most clearly the whole was but a such outrages as had, on Friday night, continuation, and comparatively speaking disgraced the capital; but this was not a feeble continuation, of the riots in Scot-sufficient: it was necessary to make some land uponthefame subject. The mob here examples,that the multitude might learn, had copied the mob there, but they had that however great their numbers, they been less violent and less excessive. Here mud not expect that impunity should at- a member of parliament, a gentleman of tend the violation of the peace and quiet a Noble and distinguished family, had of the community. For this purpose he summoned the people together by public called upon their Lordships to concur advertisement, printed in the newspapers, with him in the following motion: some days previous to the day on which " That an humble address be presented the mob met. Government ought ira-to his Majesty, that he will be gracious- mediately to have taken notice of that ly pleased to give immediate directions advertisement, and to have prevented for prosecuting, in the most effectual the mischiefs that threatened, from ta-manner, the authors, abettors, and in- king place. In Scotland the advertise-struments, of the outrages committed ments for the mob to assemble, and refill yesterday in Old Pal.ice-yard, Guildhall, the act for repealing the former acts a-Westminster, and places adjacent, and gainst the Roman-Catholics, bad been upon the hnufes and chapels of several of more in number, and had appeared ear-the ministers from foreign states." lier, and with greater authority. What

The Duke of Richmond admitted the bad been the consequence Govern-motion to be very proper; but could not ment, instead of punishing the magi-help thinking that ministers had them- ft rates of Edinburgh, instead of hold-selves only td blame for the outrages ing up to the milled populace an exam^ committed. They had had timely notice pie which would teach them in future of the meeting; and by neglecting to to avoid a matter of such great danger, provide for the maintenance of peace and (for a matter of great danger it ought al-good order, they were responsible for ways to be), as opposing the laws, or those consequences which it was in their riling in opposition to any measure which power to have prevented. The mob it- the wifdotn of the legislature chofc to ielf was a Scotch mob, raised by a Scotch- adopt, had not dared to hurt a hair of man, and had paraded like a Scotch mob, the rioters heads; they had not dared to with bagpipes playing before them, institute an enquiry; but had fallen In And he was not a little astonished that with the prejudices of Scotland, and had the other House of parliament, in the accommodated matters: they had done

ir.idft of the confusion created among more;they had promised all that the zeal them by the mc.b, could fit, tamely, and and enthusiasm of an enraged mob had forgetful of its dignify, and fufier the prompted them to demand [41.109.3. This firit mover of the whole dil'order to walk was the lource of the present mitchicf! in and out of the House, for the foie Here it was that the public were to look purpose of communicating to the mob for all the riots that bad happened, and the proceedings of the Commons, and all the riots that would happen, in of-acquainting them with the sentiments position to Popery ! With regard to the that each member had delivered respect- late ad repealing certain points of reversing the petition, and thereby ex poling ty, which had been established by former to the fury of the multitude such of the acts, in times when matters with regard Lower House as had express'ed themselves to Popery stood widely different from unfavourably of the petition. — With their present situatiQD, it was an int»o-

cci.t

June 1780. An acount of the tumults in London, &c. 287

cent ad, provided government had used that attention which it was at ail times their duty to shew towards the conduit of the Jloman-Catholics, but more especially when, from having granted them ibme indulgences, it was natural to expelt they would overleap the bounds which the repealing ad had left as limits to the exercise of their religion in this kingdom. When he was secretary of Hate, intelligence was brought him, that a Noble Duke, one of the first nobility in the kingdom, had not only built a new chapel For the exercise of that religion which he professed, but had instituted a kind of academy or seminary for the e-ducation of young persons: the moment he heard of it, he applied to the Duke; he told him, that if the seminary was not put an end to, he mull interpose his authority: the Noble Duke acted as became him; and the consequence was, the seminary was abolished inltantly, and no more heard of In a late instance, like-wife, he had been applied to by a Noble Lord of the Roman Catholic religion, and told, that a meeting to difeufs religious matters had been instituted at Coachmaker's hall, where such topics were agitated as gave him reason to fee, the feeds of great popular tumult and disorder would be sown, if government did not take effectual measures to put a Hop to it. His answer to his informant had been, Go to- government, apprise them as fully as you have apprised me of the circurr.ltances, don’t conceal a tittle of what you have said; and they can’t but fee their danger, and will, I make no doubt, take the proper measures for preventing it."—Having alted in this manner, he thought himself warranted to give government forne advice now. In comparing the events of yesterday, and the declaration of the justice of peace at their Lordships bar, with what had fallen from the Noble Lord av the head of the council, it mud be evident to every one of their Lordships, that the police of Westminster was an iin-perfect, - inadequate, and wretched fy-lttm; the example of yesterday pointed it out as the first object of reformation, and shewed moll forcibly that it ought to be entirely new-modelled, and that immediately. Let their Lordships recollect what the police of France was; let them examine its good, and not be blind to its evil. They would find itsconftrullion excellent, iU life anddireltion abominable. Let them

embrace the one and (hun the other. The police of France was wife to the last degree in its institution, but being perverted in its use, its very merit became its mischief. — His Lordship then animadverted on the intentions of government with regard to prosecuting the rioters; they should not confine themselves merely to wreaking vengeance on the poor deluded people who hadassembled in the streets. They were objects rather of pity than resentment; he had passed them with safety both in coming to and going from the House, and had listened to what they said. Their chief argument was, 4 No Popery ! we shall be burnt; no more bonfires in Smithfield; let us have the Protestant religion, and let us have peace !w He added, that he looked in the faces of those who uttered thefo sentiments, and he saw evident marks of lincerity in their countenances; he saw that the people, from what motives he would not undertake to say, believed what they said, and alted from that conviction. it behoved government therefore to conduit themselves selves with prudence; to distinguish between the efforts of religious opinion, however ill directed, however erroneous, ami the violence of ill-intentioned men. Let them not madly have recourse to the cutting knife: having the law in their power, and at their will, let them use it with caution, and at any rate accompany it with such other measures as would shew a liberality of sentiment, and an equal readiness to enforce the claims of justice, and to do what was right in compliance with the willies and petitions of the people. Prosecution, however rigorous, hqwever certain of cffelt, lingly, would do more harm than good; accompanied with other measures, it would prove equally wife and effectual. There were three subjects under difeufiion, each easy to be embraced, the punishment of the rioters, the repeal of the Quebec alt, and the regulation of the police of Westminster ! Take them up together, and there could be no doubt of producing all that lober considerate politicians could will) for under the present circumstances

The Duke of Manchester wished for some explanation of the motion. The term outrages wa9 very extensive, be should be glad therefore to know what fort of falls government deligned to take police of, and what those indillmc*t9

were

*88 An account of the tumults in London, Vol. 41.’

were which the Noble Lord had talked ot‘: were the poor deluded people who hallowed out in the streets, " No Popery !M to be prosecuted on indictments for capital felony, or in what manner were they to be proceeded against

The Lord President said, that those persons who were apprehended in the Sardinian ambassador's chapel, in the act of setting fire to the wainfeot, and such parts of it as they could not remove into the street, being apprehended in the fact of committing capital felony, would be prosecuted accordingly; and others as upon the examination of witnesses it should appear proper: but it was not intended to prosecute those who had only wore blue cockades, joined the mob, and called out, " No Popery,* See.!

The Duke of Manchester only wished that government might not give occasion for any suspicion, that they had been under the influence of dafkardness during the riot, and that, now the danger was over, they were actuated with revenge, His Grace said, he should certainly support the motion, because it appeared to him exceedingly proper, and indispensably necessary.

The Marquis of Rockingham supported the motion, but severely represended the inattention of ministers, who, having had the advertisement of Ld G. Gordon before their eyes for some days, did not take effectual means for preventing the assembling of such a mob. Every wife statesman preferred a preventive to a remedy, and the chief ufc of the authority office gave, was to intervene in great cases, and forerun mischief. When he was in office, it happened that while he was in the country, intelligence was brought him that a bellman of a neighbouring village had delivered hand bills about for a considerable extent of country, summoning all persons residing in that district, to meet on art appointed day in the market-place at Pontefract, in order to prevent by force the price of corn from being raised. This intelligence was no sooner given him, than he rode seventeen miles from Wentworth to a justice of peace who lived near the bellman, and directed him immediately to issue his warrant for apprehending the bellman, and if it should appear on his examination that he had delivered any such hand-bills, to commit him to York Castle. The justice took his advice; and {here was no mob: for the moment they

heard that the bellman who had summoned them together, was in York castle, they were afraid of being sent thither likewise, and therefore never went to Pontefract. The fame fort of conduct ought to have obtained in this case. Lord George Gordon should have been proceeded against, and his loud-tongued followers would have been appalled. He had heard the mob call out, " No Popery ! and clapping his hands to his watch to secure it, he had felt several hands directed to it; it was pretty obvious therefore what some of the mob came for.*

Lord Mansfield having put the question, it carried nemint

Administration having been blamed for not preventing the mob, by giving early notice to the magistrate6; and Mr Wright, one of the justices of Westminster, who, the ministry said, had got such notice, having, the day before, in the House of Lords, denied his having received such notice; the subject was re-fumed this day. On a motion by Lord Shelburne Mr Wright was ordered to attend; and at Lord Bathurst’s desire, Mr Chamberlayne, Solicitor of the Treasury, was likewise sent for. Mr Chamberlayne informed the House, that he went with a message from Lord North to Sir John Fielding, on Thursday, whom he found at Bromplon; and Sir John told him, he-would be in town early the next morning, and appoint proper persons to attend in St George’s fields, to give hint intelligence if there was any appearance of disturbance, and he would take raea-sures accordingly. Mr Wright gave a clear account of his condtick, and satis-lied the House, that he had not heard of any orders from Lord North; but that he had come to Westminster on Friday from his own wishes to preserve the peace. But it was said, that there were two of the name of Wright in the commission.

As little or no disturbance happened this day, sober people were rejoicing, that the zealots for religion had exhaust-cd their rage, and that peace and good order were again restored: but those who first kindled the fire, seeing the feeble attempts that were made to oppose them, resolved to spread the stames far and wide, in order to make' the conflagration subservient to their own purposes of plunder.

f To be contin1

H I-

tone 1780. flfiftory 1778: America; 289

HISTORY 2778, continued.[138.3

America continued.

If any strong hope of success in the negotiation had remained, the evacua-tion of Philadelphia, and the consequent retreat of the army to the northward, just at the arrival or the Commissioners, would have compleatly frustrated them. Commissioners accompanying a retreating army, which was io the act of abandoning the principal advantage of two years war, could not promise themselves a great superiority in any treaty; and the more advantageous the offers which they fhopld make in such circumstances, the more their concdfions would be considered as proofs of weakness, not of good-will. This measure was carried into execution on the t8th of June, and, the whole British army, passed the Delaware on the fame day, without interruption or danger, under the excellent dispositions made by the Admiral, Lord Howe, for the purpose.

Washington, having penetrated into the intention of abandoning Philadelphia, had already sent Gen. Maxwell with his brigade to reinforce the Jersey militia, In order to throw every possible obstruc-(ion in the way of the British army, so that, by impeding their progress, he might himself be enabled to bring up his force in such time as to profit of those opportunities, which, it was well to be supposed, so long a march through so dangerous a country would have afforded, of attacking them with great advantage. This detached corps and the militia, did not, however, effect any thing more of importance than the breaking down of the bridges; the great superiority of the British force having obliged them to abandon the llrong pass at Mount Holly, without venturing an of-position.

The British army, notwithstanding, encountered much toil, difficulty, and numberless impediments in their march. They were encumbered with an enormous baggage, including provisions; the number of loaded horl'cs and wheel-carriages being so great, as to cover an extent of twelve miles, in the narrow jine of march which the nature of the pountry and roads afforded. This incumbrance, so far at icaft as related to the provisions, proceeded, however, from the foresight and wisdom of the General, Sir Henry Clinton s who being Vol.XLII.

well aware, that the hostility of the couna try would cut off every source of fubfilt-fence from the troops which was not within their own immediate comprehension; and being also uncertain as to the delays and obstructions which might occur on his march, was too prudent to put the fate of a whole army in any degree of hazard, for the trouble or difficulty that attended the conveyance of a certain and sufficient supply. The heat of the weather, which was then excessive, with the closeness of the narrow roads through the woods, and the constant labour of renewing or repairing bridges, in a country everywhere interfered with creeks and marshy brooks, were, all together, severely felt by the army.

From all these causes, its progress was exceedingly flow; and nothing less than these could have accounted for itsfpending so many days in traversing so narrow* a country. When the army had advanced to Allen’s-town, it became a matter of confederation with the General, whether to keep the direct course towards Staten island, aernfs the Rariton, or whether, by taking the road to his right* and drawing towards the fca-coast, he should push on to Sandy-hook. He knew that the Generals Washington and Lee* with the whole Continental force on that fide, had already patted the Delaware; and he had heard that Gen. Gates, with the northern army, was advancing to join them on the Rariton. The difficulty of patting the Rariton, and the circumstances with which it might have been attended, under his incumbrances, in the face of an enemy, with other concurring causes, determined him to the right-hand course, as much the more c-ligible.

On the other hand, Gen. Washington* who had crossed the Delaware far above Philadelphia, at Corycl’s ferry, attributed, with his usual foresight and caution, the flow movements of the British army, to a design of decoying him into the low country, when, by a rapid movement on the right, they might gain possession of the strong grounds above him, and fa enclosing his army to the river, force him to a general engagement under every disadvantage. Under thi9 persuasion, in which it is possible his sagacity deceived him, as the peculiar circumstances of the British army rendered it totally incapable of any such rapid movements as he'apprehcnded, the slowness oi) the one 0 0 fide

1

History 1778

fide retarded the motions on the other.

It is, however, Likewise probable, that Washington reserved himself entire for the passage of the Rariton, which he concluded would have been their course, and which he knew would have afforded him great advantage in an attack.

But when he discovered that the Bri-tiih army had departed from its expelled line of direction, and was bending its way on the other fide towards the sea-coast, he immediately changed his fy-stem, and sent several detachments of chosen troops, under the general con-dull of the Marquis de Payette, to harass the army in its march, himself following, at a suitable diilance, with the whole force. As affairs grew more critical upon the near approach of the van of one army to the rear of the other, Gen. Lee was dispatched with two brigades to reinforce* and to take the command of the advanced corps: which, by Washington’s account, amounted then to about 5000 men, although, from the several detachments which he specifies, it would seem to have been stronger.

Sir Henry Clinton, on the march to a place called Freehold, judging from the number of the enemy’s light troops which hovered on his rear, that their main body was at no great diilance, judiciously determined to free that part of the army from the incumbrance and impediment of the baggage* which he accordingly placed under the condull of Gen. Knyp-haufen, who led the first column of the army. The other, which covered the line of march, being now disengaged, and free for allion, formed a body of troops which could not easily be equalled, and was tinder the immediate command of the General. It was composed of the 3d, 4th, and 5th brigades of British, two battalions of Britishi, and the Hefiian grenadiers, a battalion of light infantry, the guards, and the 16th regiment of light dragoons.

On the rtiorning after this arrangement fjune 28.], Gen. Knyphanfen, with the first division and the carriages, began at the break of day to move, duelling their march »o\vards Middletown, which lay ten or twelve miles on their way, in a high and strong country. The second division, under the commander in chief, continued forfome hours on their ground in the neighbourhood of Freehold, both to cover the line of march, and to afford time for the chain of carriages to get clear on their way.

: America* Vol. 42.'

Having begun to'inarch about eight ! o’clock* some parties of the enemy 3

which appeared in the woods on their

left flank, were engaged and dispersed by i the light troops; but as the rear-guard defeended from the heights above Free* t hold, into a valley about three miles in 1 length, and one in breadth, several columns of the enemy appeared, likewise defeendine into the piain, who about ten o’clock began to canno made the rear.

The General at the fame instant received j intelligence, that the enemy were discovered marching in force on both his flanks. He was immediately (truck, that an attack on the baggage was their principal objell; and as the carriages , were then intangied in defiles which coo- ,

tinued for some miles, it seemed a matter of no small difficulty to obviate the danger.

In this critical situation, the General* with great quickness* and presence of mind, judged, that a vigorous attack and severe prefTure upon that body of the enemy which harafTed his rear, would fecal the detachments on his flanks to its affi(lance, and Teemed to be the only probable means of saving the convoy. j For although he had good information* that Gen.Washington was at hand with ' his whole army, which he heard was e-ftimated at so,000 men; yet, as he knew that his main body was separatefl. from that corps which attacked Lord 1 Cornwallis in the rear, by two considerable defiles, he was not apprehensive that he could paf9 a greater body of troops through them, during the execution of the measure which he intended* than what the force along with him was well able to oppose; whilst, on the other hand, even with that division of the army, Washington’s situation would not be a little critical, if he should chance to come upon him when he was struggling in his passage through the defiles.

Guarding, however, agaitift every possible result of the measure, and to be id preparation for the event of a general engagement, he recalled a brigade of the British infantry, and the 17th regiment of light dragoons, from KnyphaufctT* division, and left direction for them to take a position which would effectually cover his right flank, being the fide on which he was most jealous of the design of the enemy. In the mean time, the Queen’s light dragoons had, with their usual spirit, attacked and routed the c-

neray’s

Jane 1780. History 1778: America. 291

nemy’s cavalry, under the Marquisde attempt; but by the good dispositions Fayette, and drove them back in confu- made by the commanders, the firmnefa fion on their own infantry. The Gene- of the 40th regiment, and the ready fcr-ral then made dispositions to attack the vice of the light horse, they were repul-enemy in the plain; but before he could fed at the first onset; and the engage-| advance, they fell unexpectedly back, ment in the plain then commencing, j and took a strong position on the heights they were immediately recalled.

above Monmouth court-house. Sir Henry Clinton having now fully

The heat of the weather is in that attained his object, (for the Generals

season always intense; but upon that par- Knyphaufen and Grant, with the first

Ticular day was ib excessive as to be fel- division and baggage, were arrived at

dom equalled, even in the sultry sum* Nut Swamp, near Middletown), could

mers of that continent, so that the troops have no inducement for continuing in

were already greatly fatigued. The fi- his present situation. The troops had

> tuation of the army, however, rendered already gained sufficient honour, in for-

J the most vigorous exertion necessary. cing successively, from two strong pofi-

The British grenadiers, with their left to tions, a corps of the enemy, which, he

i the village of Freehold, and the guards was informed, amounted to near 11,000

f on their right, began the attack with men; and the merit of the service was fgch spirit, that the enemy soon gave much enhanced, by the unequalled cir-way. But their second line preserved a cumstances of heat and fatigue under better countenance, and refined a fierce which it was performed. The enemy and eager attack with great obstinacy. were much superior in force to the divi-They were, however, at length, com- fion immediately under his command; pleatly routed: but in this exigency, and if the equality had been even nearer, with a very unusual degree of recollec- it would (till seem imprudent to have ha-tion, as well as resolution, took a third zarded an engagement at such a distance position with so much judgement, that from the rest of his army, in a country their front was covered by a marshy hoi- not only entirely hostile, but which low, which fiercely admitted the pradi- from its nature mult have been ruinous cabOity of an attack by that way. to strangers under any circumstance of

Sir Henry Clinton brought up part of defeat. And as the heat of the weather the second fine, and made some other rendered marching by day intolerable, dispositions to attack the enemy in this so the moon-light added much to the c-post, and the light infantry and rangers ligibility of the night for that purpose. bad already turned their left for that Upon some or all of these accounts, the purpose; but the army in general was troops having reposed till ten o’clock, the row so overpowered by beat and fa- army was again put in motion, and tigne, that, upon consideration, he they marched forward’ to join their fel-thodght it better not to press the affair a- lows.

ay farther. He was also by this time Such was the detail of the altion at confident, that the purpose which had Freehold, or Monmouth, as it is other-induced him to the attack was gained, wife called, as given on our fide. The in the preservation of the convoy. A loss in (lain was not considerable in point bold attempt of the enemy to cut off the of number, but rendered grievous by retreat of the light infantry, rendered that of the brave Col. Monckton. That some new movements, notwithstanding gallant officer, who had frequently en-the excessive toil of the day, still necef- countered death in all its forms, had the iary. The army at length returned to fortune of being more than once grie-that position from whence they had first vously wounded, both in the last war and driven the enemy, after their quitting the present; and after the hairbreadth-theplain. escape of a recovery, when left among

The General’s opinion with respect to the dead on the field, was only reserved the design on the baggage, was justified to be killed on this day, at the head of io the event; and the propriety of his the second battalion of grenadiers. This fubfW)ucnt conduit in attacking the ene- day and altion were also rendered re-mr on that principle confirmed. Two markable by the singular circumstance, brigades of the enemy’s light troops had unparallelled in the history of the new paoed the army, one on each flank, in world, of fifty-nine foldlers perishing, tfpr view! and had actually made the without receiving a wound, merely

O 0 a through

292 History 1778: America; Vol. 42,

through the excdSve heat and fatigue ! Several of the Americans also, inured as they were to the climate, died through the fame cause.

The Americans claim great honour to that part of their troops which had an opportunity of being engaged in this altion. They likewise claim, though without any apparent ground, the advantage, a9 the affair now stands; btit pretend that they should have gained a complete and decisive viltory, if it had not been for the miscondult and disobedience of orders of Gen. Lee. That officer had, some time before, by an exchange, obtained a release from his long confinement at New York; and, we have already seen, was appointed to take the command of those different bodies of troops which had been detached to ha-rafs the British army, and to impede its march.

It appears from Gen. Washington’s account of the matter [40. 485.], that he being well informed, that if the British army once gained the high and ffrong country near Middletown, no attempt could afterwards be made upon them with the smallest profpelt of success; he accordingly determined to fall upon their rear immediately upon their departure from the strong grounds in the neighbourhood of Freehold, on which they had encamped during the night of the 37th. He communicated this intention to Gen. Lee, with orders to make his dispositions for the attack, and to keep the troops lying upon their arms in constant preparation; which he also pralti-fed himself in the main body.

Washington having received an express at five in the morning, that the British army had begun their march, immediately dispatched an order to Lee to attack them; acquainting him at the same time, that he was marching directly to his support; and that, for the greater expedition, he should cause his men to disincumber themselves of that part of their baggage which (it appears from hence) they carried upon their backs. To his great surprise and mortification, however, when he had marphed above fjive miles', he met the whole advanced corps retreating, which they informed tim was by Gen. Lee’s orders, without their making the smallest opposition, excepting the single fire of one detachment, to repulse the British light horse. The General found the rear of the re-

treating corps hard pressed by the cner my; but, by forming them anew, under the brave and spirited exertions of their officers, (as he fays), he fooq checked the advance of the British forces; and, having by this means gained time to plant some batteries of cannon, and to bring up fresh forces, the engage; ment hung in an equal poise. In this fi-tuation (he continues), the enemy, finding themselves warmly opposed in front, made an attempt to turn his left flank; but were bravely repulsed, and driven back by some detached parties of infantry. A similar attempt on the right was repelled by Gen. Green; who afterwards, in conjunction with Gen. Wayne, took such positions, and kept up Co e-vere and well-directed a fire, as compelled the British forces to retire behind that defile where the first Hand had been made in the beginning of the action.

In that situation, in which their flanks were secured by thick woods and moras-fes, and their front only available through a narrow defile, he notwithstanding made dispositions (he fays) for attacking (hem; but the darkness came on so fast, as not to afford time for their surmounting the impediments in their way. The main body, however, lay all night upon theiy arms in the place of action, as the detached parties did in the several positions which they had been ordered to take, under a full determination of attacking the British army when the day appeared-But they retreated in such profound fi-.lcncein the night, that the most advanced polls, and those very near them, knew nothing of their departure until morning.

Washington represents the number of British buried by the Americans to be about four times greater than the loss acknowledged by our Gazette; and his own as much under that state. He fays, they carried off their wounded, excepting four officers, and about forty soldiers. He gives high and unusual praise, and expresses himself under the greatelf obligation, to the zeal, bravery, and conduit, of his officers; and fays, the behaviour of the troops in general, after they had recovered from the surprise oc« cafioned by the retreat of the advanced corps, was such as could not be surpassed. The public acknowledgements of the Congress were very flattering to the army, but particularly lo to the General and to his officers; in which they.

affected

Janeiro; Hlftoxy 1778-: Anwric*.'

afie&ed to consider tbit action as a battle, and the restilt as a great and important victory, obtained over the grand Bri-tifti army under the immediate command of their General. [40.488.]

' Waihington took care to inform the Congress, that the nature of the country rendered any farther pursuit of the British army fruitless, and all attempts to dillurb their imbarkation at Sandy-hook equally impracticable and dangerous. He accordingly detached only some light troops to observe and attend their motions, and drew off the main body of the army to the borders of the North river. The Americans loft some officers of name in this action; particularly a Col. Bonner of Pennsylvania, and a Maj. Dickenson of Virginia, both of whom were much regretted.

It appears that Gen. Waihington used some very harsh and severe expressions, in the face of the army, to Gen. Lee, upon meeting him, on the retreat of his corps from the place of action; amount* jog to a direct charge of a disobedience of orders, want of conduct, or want of courage. This produced two passionate letters from Lee, (who was like wife put under arrest), with an answer from Wa-fhington, all written on the day or night of the action. A court-martial was instantly demanded, and as instantly ordered; and so speedily carried into execution, as to be opened at Brunswick on the 4th of July. The charges laid against Lee were, first, disobedience of orders, in not attacking the enemy on the a8th of June, agreeable to repeated inductions; for mifbthaviour before the enemy on the fame day, by making an un-DecelTafy, disorderly, and Ihamcful retreat; and lastly, for disrespect to the commander in chief, by the two letters we have mentioned. The result of the court, after a trial which lasted to the lath of August, was, the finding Gen. Lee guilty of the first charge; the finding him in part guilty of the second, " Of misbehvaiour before the e-semy, by making an unnecessary, and, in iome few instances, a disorderly retreat they also found him guilty of disrespect to the commander in chief;—< and Sentenced him to be suspended from any command in the armies of the United States for the term of twelve months [40. 664, y.J. it is impofiibie for us tq enter into the merits of this fcnicucc, in ybich party might have bad a great

Ihare. . When a dispute had been carried to so great a height, between an officer on whom the Americans reposed their chief consequence, and one subordinate and less popular, it is not difficult to divine where the blame will be laid.

In the mean time, the British army arrived at the high lands of Navefink, in the neighbourhood of Sandy-hook, of the last of June; at which latter place, the fleet from the Delaware, under Lord Howe, after being detained in that river by calms, had most fortunately ar* yived id the preceding day. It had happened in the preceding winter, that the peninsula of Sandy-hook had been cut off from the continent, and converted tQ an absolute island, by a violent breach of the sea; a circumstance then of littl^ moment, but which might now have been attended with the most fatal consequences. By the happy arrival of the fleet at the instant when its assistance was so critically necessary, the ability of the Noble commander, and the extraordinary efforts of the feamcr., this impediment was speedily removed; a bridge of boats being completed with such expedition that the whole army was passed over this new channel on the 5th of July; and were afterwards conveyed with ease to New York; neither army nor navy yet knowing the circumstances of danger and ruin in which they had been so nearly involved.

For an unexpected enemy had now arrived on the coast of North America, who was to give a new and a ft range turn to the circumstances of the war. On the second day after the conveyance of the army from Sandy-hook, Lord Howe received intelligence by his cruisers, that D’Eftaing’s fleet had been seen on the coast of Virginia, on the very day that the army bad passed the bridge at Sandy-hook. If D’Eftaing had met the transports, either in the Delaware, or on the passage from thence, loaded and encumbered as they were, and convoyed only by two ships of the line, with a number of frigates, the consequence with respect to the fleet is obvious. But it may not so immediately appear, that the fate of the army was so intimately combined with that of the fleet, that the destruction of the one would have been the inevitable loss of the other: for as the army could not then, by any possible means, have prosecuted its way to New York, and ' would

294 Mizelandwitz: An anecdote. America* Vol. 42.

would have been inclosed on one side by the American army, and on the other by the French fleet, cut off from all supply of provision, and destitute of every resource, a repetition of the Saratoga ca-taftrophe mult have been the certain consequence.

Although this fatal event was prevented by the bad weather, and unexpected impediments which D'Gftaing met with on his voyage; yet, if he had directed hi8 course directly to New York, instead of the Chefapeak or Delaware, things could scarcely have been better; as he would then have come upon the fleet and army, when they were entangled, cither with the laying or passing of the bridge at Sandy-hook. In either circumstance dettruction would have been inevitable; and would have been of an amount and magnitude, with respect both to the marine and land service, and the confeouen-ces hanging upon it, which, perhaps, has not been equalled of late ages. But D’Eftaing’s great object was the surprise of the fleet in the Delaware, and the consequent inclosure of the army at Philadelphia: fortunately the winds and weather frullrated his design. Upon the whole, it may not be easy to point out a more signal or providential deliverance.

The danger, &c. [To bt continued.']

Mizelandwitz: An Anecdote.

THE situation and obstinate virtue of the Baron de Mizelandwitz, are remarkable. He wa* one of the Swedish senate that was deprived of all power by the present King, upon the memorable resolution in the government, which changed it to an absolute monarchy; he was pouefled of an estate equal to one of ten thousand pounds a-year in England, and upon that event fled hit country, saying, that he would fuller the moll wretched exile abroad, rather than remain a Have where he had a right to freedom. He took up his residence at Hamburg, where be has lived ever since in great poverty, lodging in a very miserable apartment, and waiting entirely on bimielfi The King has written twice to him in the most flattering terms, inviting his return tp his e-Hate and honours;—but be never took any notice of the letters; and upon his Majesty fending him a remittance lo enable him to* live more comfortably, be refused it, sternly saying, " I will die rather than receive a dollar at the hand* Of one who ha* enfUved my country!"

AMERICA. [*67.]

A LETTER, and an ADDRESS, rt- j ctivid May xx. and the Addrtfs - j

id by Lord George Germain next dayg J

and most gracionjly receiv’.

The LETTER.

Gentlemen, NeviYorktDec.%2.m<). , As President of the board of Loyal: Refugees from the several revolted colo- 1 nies of America, New York excepted, \

now within the British lines, I am di- 1

reded to request the favour of you, in j their behalf, to solicit of my Lord George j Germain the honour of his Lordship’s '; patronage, and care of the inclosed Address to our Most Gracious Sovereign, j and that his Lordship will be so good at to pass it properly to the throne.

Highly sensible of the firm and spirited support that his Lordship, as minister for the American department, has been pleased to give to every proposition for the relief and protection of his Majesty’s colonial suffering subjects, the Board beg you will express to his Lordship their , warm acknowledgements for his attention to their interests; and that his Lordship’8 very generous and truly patriotic conduct will be ever remembered by them with the most grateful fenflbility.

The Board also direct me to say, for his Lordship'8 information, that, notwithstanding the ignorant or wilful representations to the contrary, from, their own particular knowledge of the real state of the country, the spirit of loyalty and attachment to the RritiOt constitution still remains firm and unabated among many thousands wj|fiin the rebels power.

In duty to his Majesty,—from a regard to government, and that the national councils may not be longer milled, the Board direct me further to add, that could the natural force of all, or indeed any, of his Majesty’s colonies, be properly collected to one point, in a way most agreeable to the people, or of those among them having influence, and pofr fefling their good opinion;—could they be fuftantially supported by his Majesty’s troops, while embodying under their own leaders^—were their confidence to be raised by certain affurancen of protection; — were a sacred regard paid to the persons and property of the loyal subject, (heretofore too little attended to, and in many instances [4* 6°s0 fiiamefully

June 1780. America: Letter and Address of the Loyal Refugees. 19$

ih&ibefully violated),—and civil government established upon constitutional principles, the moment any favourable opportunity opened for that purpose; they are bold to affirm, that, in the colonies without exception, there might be found a number of loyal active subjects, who, by disarming the disaffected, intimidating the Wavering, and driving out the violent, would be more than Sufficient to suppress the wanton and Ianguishing rebellion; and in a little time restore the Whole Continent of America to the former mild and just authority of his Majesty and the parent-state.

The Board are happy also to express aar their sincere opinion, that from the present internal Calamities existing among the rebels, as well as those impending and inevitable from the utter ruin of their currency,—the alarming apprehensions of Scarcity, — and many other very important distresses incident to their present Situation, there is the happiest prospect, if wifely improved, of Suddenly diSolving the rebellious union. — They therefore trust, and hope, that neither the exertions of government, nor those of its faithful Servants, will be lessened, or wanting, to complete so definable an e-vent: but that, on the contrary, every fair opportunity may be afforded to his Majesty’s faithful and loyal subjects, as well those now Suffering within the British lines, as those without, of testifying their undiminished respect and zeal for the person and Service of their beloved Sovereign, — their wishes for a re-union with the parent-state, — and the Sacred regard and veneration they entertain for the constitution and authority of Great Britain, which it is their utmost ambition to express by their actions.

These, Gentlemen, are Sentiments, that, as founded in truth, the Board wish to have conveyed to my Lord George Germain, if in your opinion the freedom with which they are Spoken may not be deemed disrespectful. Should this be apprehended, they then wish them not to be intruded. The Board, therefore, with the highest regard for your characters and judgement, Submits the whole to your discretion: relying however upon your politeness, and obliging attention to execute the substantial part of their wishes, in handing forward the address to the King, asdiredted.

1 have the honour to be, Gentlemen, with the greatest respect, your most

obedient, and most bumble Servant, Dan. Coxe, President. . To Sir William Papperrell, Bt, and Joseph Galloway, Esq;

Th$ ADDRESS.

To the King's Most Excellent Majesty, The humble Address of the Loyal Re* fugees from your Majesty’s revolted Colonies of New Hampshire, Massa-chuffet’s-bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, now within the British lines at New York.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your faithful and dutiful American subjects, who, to avoid the resentment and persecution of the rebels, have been compelled to take refuge under the pro-tedtion of your Majesty’s troops, humbly beg leave to approach your Majesty, with the strongest assurances of their inviolate attachment [to your most Sacred person and government.

The happiness we have ever enjoyed under the mild and parental authority of your Majesty, and the prosperity derived from our constitutional dependence upon the government of Great Britain, have fixed in our minds, in the most indelible characters, the warmest principles of gratitude and affection, and ex- -cited in us a just resentment at those men, who, under false but Specious pretences, have had the art to delude so many of their fellow-subjects, and who, to effect their own wicked and ambitious purposes, have not Scrupled to overwhelm this once happy and flourishing country with misery and ruin.

Convinced that our interest, as well as our duty, requires our utmost exertions to procure a restoration of your Majesty a government throughout America, we shall pres9 to give every assistance in our power to accomplish that most de-firable event. And although the very great efforts of your Majesty and the Parliament, which with due gratitude we acknowledge, have not hitherto had the success that in human probability was to have been expected; yet we truib that the period is fast approaching, when the infatuation will cease, and the deluded people of this Continent will, with joy, recognise your Majesty’s just authority, and Sue for reconcilement with the parent-state.

It

9

19<$ America: Proferiptiont;

tt is with the ntmost surprise, and the deeped concern, that we find some perilous have so far mistaken the characters of your American subjects, as to conceive, that the people in general arc <Jif-affected to your Majesty’s government; and, therefore, think ourselves indispen* sably called upon to allure your Majesthat very many of your faithful subjects in America, rather than violate their duty, have abandoned their estates, and chearfullyfubmitted to all the mise-Hei of penury And exile; that others. For being actively instrumental in supporting your Majesty’s government, after long confinement in dungeons and in chains, have differed death by the hands of the executioner; and although the dread of the sanguinary laws which have been enacted, and are daily multiplied, by the tyrannical American rulers, procures, in many instances, a reluctant acquiescence under their usurped authority, yet" we can with truth assure your Majesty, that whatever proper measures can be adopted, to call forth the strength of your loyal American subjects, they will contribute an aid, which will give so decisive a superiority to the British cause, as will speedily restore your Majesty’s government, with peace and liberty to this distracted country.

We most fervently pray that your Majesty, enjoying every possible felicity in this life, may long reign in the hearts and alfeftions of all your subjects, and that every part of your extended empire may never ccafe to be governed by your po-fterity.

Signed by order and appointment of the Board chosen to represent the American Refugees,

Dan. Coxb, President.

New York, Dec,23. 1779*

The exertions of the loyal colonists in fhvour of the parent- state_mentioned in Gen. Pattifun’s letter [*03, 4*] provoked

the American rulers.----- In the Boston

gazette of March a. there is an extract of an act of the assembly of New York, viz.

" Whereas the following citizens and natives of New York have, rood wickedly and traitorously, not only given every assistance to the enemies of this country, but have put themselves in arms in order to enslave the fame, and in consequence have been guilty of felony, murder, and every other act of high treason against

Congress Paper, &<!. Vo

those United States; it is therefore here* by declared and enacted. That,

Oliver dc Lineey, William Ludlow, — Kemp, William Bayard, John Cruger, Frederick Phifipfe,

John Walts Henry Cruger* William Smith, Henry White,

----- Holland,

James de Lane,

being enemies and traitors to the liber* ties of these States, they are hereby out- , lawed forever from this Continent; and that their property, real and personal, be seized and confiscated for the use of these States: and all officers, civil and military, are hereby required to seize and apprehend the above-mentioned per? Tons, (if to be found), so that they may receive condign punishment according to law."

" New York, April 28. In March last the Congress patted a number of resolves, in which they announced the depreciation of their currency to so great, that it was no longer Sufficient to carry on buftnefsa circumstance well knowQ and felt before. They declared them? selves insolvent, and that forty of thei{ dollars should be deemed equal to one Spanish dollar, which was consequently paying only sixpence in the pound; they ordered the monthly attettVnent of fifteen millions of dollars from the Thirteen Colonies to be continued to April 1781, in? ftcad of October 1780, as they at first or? dered; they repealed the laws by which Congress money was made a legal ten* der, and permitted gold and silver to become current, which before was prohibited; and they ordered that each State should, on its own credit, emit sums of money agreeably to the proportion formerly settled, four tenths of which fume should be at thedifposal of Congress, the other fix tenths appropriated to the use of the several states respectively; and these newly-emitted dollars were to bear interest, redeemable with hard money» dollar for dollar, at the end of six years, or by bills on their bankers in Europe, at the1 option of the possessors. These re-. solves had the effect, with respect to the Congress money, which any man of common sense might foresee; they have wholly ruined its creditit is no longer current in moil places; and the great-eft confusion and dittatisfaction prevail every where among the rebels. Wtxat. through the distress'es of the people, azxdL our naval success, the rebellion trembles to its foundation."

Jund 17B0. America: Convention-officers; Dlftrcfs, 8cc'. 297*

A Utter from Maj.-Gen. Philips. [Si.]

New York, 38. 1780.

Gentlemen,

I forgot to mention, in the letters I had the honour of writing to you, acir-cumftance which may possibly he of some consequence to the officers of the 9th, aoth, 21 ft, 214th, 47th, and 6ad regiments; which I request you will communicate to the colonels of those regiments, and such particular friends of the officers who may be within your know* [ ledge. It is, that whatsoever promotions, by railing of new corps, or other-, wile, in England, may take place in favour of the officers of the troops of con-

( vendon, upon notice being lent of it, they can be immediately exchanged. — It becomes, therefore, a matter well worthy the confederation of their friends; and as such 1 recommend it.—-I am. See. Mtff.Cox and Mair.W. Philips. The difficulties under which the revolted colonies labour, may be gathered from an address to the citizens of Virginia after the arrival of the king’s army in the fonthern provinces, signed, By ad-vkt of the Council, Thomas Jefferson; —. \ from which we extra# a few passages, viz.

" The depredation of our paper-rae* diom, if tried by the rules of ftri# rea,-son, was real and great; but the artifices of your internal enemies were such, as to render it, in fa#, many times greater than it should have been in reason. Sensible of this, your representatives in Con-gress determined to issue no more; and your General Amenably have followed their example. As the original intro-dodion of them was wife and salutary, so was the discontinuance of farthei e-roiffions under our then and present circumstances. It became necessary, therefore, by other means, to raise money for public exigencies. The amount of the supplies necessary was considered by your assembly at their last fession, and they adopted means which bid fair for procuring the m. As far as they relied on you, upon application by way of tnx, heavy as is that application, we fee a readiness to comply with it, which so far leaves no fear of disappointment. The residue of their dependence was a reasonable and joft schetne of borrowing, addressed to the interests of the monied men. This uas failed totally. Your treasury is at this moment destitute of money, and, re-Vol. XLII.

ceives it supplies, from the tardy hand of the colle#or, only in such fraall portions as his convenience dictates. A heavy invasion impends over our filler-slate of South Carolina. The southern states are likely to be the seene of the ensuing campaign, and ill-timed tenaciousness of private interest may advance it even to your own doors.—If the treasury do not receive instant supplies for the use of the commifiariate, an invasion, should it happen, will find you without provisions to feed those of your brave countrymen who should enter the field for the defence of your altars and household: nay, farther, submission being of all misfortunes in this world the greatest, and of-position necessary, whatever violences it may call for, may we not fear, that our houses, the sacred palladiums of dome flic happiness, may be thrown open to military scrutiny, and the pittance refer-ved for the consumption of our families, laid under contribution for the fuflenanco of our army! During the course of the present month, and the earlier part of the next, a moiety of the forces of this state, on Continental establishment, will leave the service, having continued the term of their original enlistments: we have reason to believe they might be re-enlisted to a man, could money be raised to pay the legal bounty; they are difei-plined, brave, and veteran, and habit has made them proof against the diseases of a camp. Their dispersion will be a, loss never to be retrieved. The involuntary fnbstitutea who must be dragged into their polls, to replace our number, will be a miserable exchange indeed,"

" By his Excellency Jame9 Robertson, Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief, in and over the province of New York, &c.

A Proclamation.

Thr cting having been graciously plea-» fed to honour me with the care of a province, where, in a long residence, I have contra#ed an esteem for some, and an affection Car many of its inhabitants, I proceed with great pleasure to announce his benevolent intentions.

K is his Majesty’s wish, by the revival of the civil authority, to prove to all the colonies and provinces, that it is not his design to govern America by military law, but that they are to enjoy all the benefits of a local legislation, and their former conlUtution.

p To

j

spfr Amcpca: Gov. Robertson’s pacific proclam&lon. VOL4*,

To this end I hare brought out the Royal appointments for forming the 'Council. And supplying the places of Lieutenant-Governor and Chief Justice. And, in concurrence with the Commander in Chief of the British Forces, who is also his Majesty’s Commissioner for restoring peace to the Colonies, I shall, as speedily as the public exigencies will permit, give orders for opening the courts of judicature, and convening the Assembly; and in general proceed to the execution of the powers reposed in me for the free course and complete re-establishment, both of the legislative and executive authority.

I take great satisfactfon in the anticipation of that happy day, when relations, friends, and fellow-citizens, having dismissed their gloomy apprehen-lions, shall re-embrace each other* and return to the offices, pleasures, and employments of peace. Your country, with your ancient privileges, will then participate in an extenfiye commerce, and be exempted from all taxations not imposed by yourselves.

UntU I meet you regularly in General Assembly, for the restoration of mutual confidence, and the remedying of private as well as public evils, 1 pledge myself to men of all classes, in every part of the province, that it is the companion-ate desire of your Sovereign, and of the Parent-Country, to unite in affection, as in interest, with the colonies planted by her band, and which have long flourished under her carethat the fugge-ftions of her intention to impair their rights and privileges, are the arts of malice and faction and that every insinuation made by the doqieftic enemies of Great Britain, of her being disposed to abandon the provinces to internal anarchy, and the mischiefs of their jarringin-terefts and claims, or to the fraudulent and ambitious views of foreign, Popish, and arbitrary powers, (of whom your fathers had a w'fe and virtuous jealously), is equally false and malicious.

Happy herself under a constitution which is the envy and admiration of surrounding nations, (he wishes to include in one comprehensive system of feliqtv, all the branches of a flock, intimately connected by the ties of language, manners, laws, customs, habits, interests, religion, and blood.

1 lament, with the ingenuous thou-lauds of America who are irrcconcilc?

able to the unnatural reparation fa inait-fpicioos to yourselves, as well as all the rest of your fellow- subjects in the other quarters of the world, that the few whq have found iqeaqs to acquire a sway in the management of your affairs, have been averse to every uniting system of policy, and ftudioufiy shunned the paths to harmony and peace.

But it is not my aim to call them to a hopeless and motiving review of their conduct. Can they want evidence, at this day, of the detestation of their measures by an increasing majority of their own countrymen i And having every thing to fear from their exhausted patience, I warn them to desist from any future attempts tq restrain and seduce the loyalty of others, and wifely to provide against their resentment, by (igna-lizing themselves, as heretofore in exciting, so now in closing the seene of their intolerable calamities. And I hereby give the strongest assurances of effectual countenance, protection, and support, of all persons who avail themselves of the proclamation issued by his Excellency Sir Henry Clintoo, dated at James i-fjand, the third day of March. [a$o.]

Less inclined to reproach than to con* ciliate^ to aggravate than to forget, even the guilt of those, who, privy to the repeated calls of Great Britain to friend-ftiip, upon terms adequate to the desire and expectation of their constituents, yet nevertheless forbore to reveal them, that they might with the greater ease prefi the ancient enmity of foreign foes to the aid of their own ambition apd avarice, i exhort them to seek an early refuge.in the abundant clemency of the crowo, from the perils to which they have exposed themselves by measures fraudulently concerted, and tyrannically enforced, and affording by the complicated raiseries they have brought upon their country, and the mighty ruin (till impending, ir-refiflible evidence of the folly and roalig* nancy of the counsels by which its affairg have been conducted.

Towards the redressing the di (orders arising from the loss or want of charters, I recommend it to all concerned to apply without delay in the ordinary course for charters, which shall he granted al soon as civil authority takes place.

As to the public hooks of records, iq important to your titles and tftates in alt parts of the colony, and formerly lodged in the Secretary's office, I understand.

undi^So.' America: Address; The trish applauded. ‘ 299

that they were separated from the rest, oy the provident circumspection of my predecessor, whole merits are above my ftpplause, and have often had yours; and having been afterwards sent home for life custody, you may rely upon their being carefully preferred, and duly returned, as felon as the public tranquillity is restored."

The Chamber of Commerce presented a congratulatory address to the Governor on his arrival, dated, New York; Maya, and signed, dent. To which a, polite answer was given; — in which his Excellency fays, Commerce, which enlarges the mind; ind destroys prejudices, is eter favourable to freedom, and will not only shew, but make the people feel, the blessings of his Majesty’s government; so that a truth well known in Britain will be acknowledged all over America, That the importance and prosperity of both countries depends upon their Imion."

An address was likewise presented to bit Excellency t>y sundry gentlemen appointed by the koyal instructions to form the Council for the province, signed. Andrew Elkot, Ch. W. Apthorp, William

Smith, HatJi WdUdce, Henry White, -Main Ax tel; — and to Which likewise a polite answer was given.——We give eitradts froth them, viz.

* The ambitious and self-interested promoters of rebellion, to support their tufauthorised and perilous combinations With designing, Popish; and arbitrary powers, have, by concealing and mifre-presenting the many generous and hu-foane offers made by Great Britain, for restoring public tranquillity, brought on she inhabitants of this once happy country every etil they at first taught them to dread;

Their personal estatet are now wrested from them by taxation, their real Ones funk to the par of their paper dollars, their commerce annihilated, their civil rights and privileges trampled upon by Congress and Committee men, and their persons liable to be dragged into the field at all seasons to perform the duties of a soldier.

ih she sympathy we feel for our suffering country, nothing can be more grateful to us, than the benevolence of the proclamations issued by his Maictty’s commissioner [’260.]], and your Excellency, To amply a Hording to the inhabitants of America she neans fur extri-

eating themselves from the present di-strefles; and whereby they are allured, that Great Britain is (till willing to rc-store to the colonies the benefits of local legislation, with their former constitutions* a participation in her extensive commerce, and an exemption from aft taxations not imposed by themselves.v Addrtft.

" Advise me how to make my govern* ihent agreeable to those, whose loyalty firmness, and sufferings, deserve every blessing government can bestow. And let us by example convince those whom mifreprfcfentation has milled, that a return to loyalty is the road to escape ty* ranny, and enjoy freedom.

Happily two recent events afford leffoiis that may be useful to our friend* and our enemies; The defeat and cap- ture Of the Spanish fleets [94-] will prove, that; however numerous, Britain can humble the most haughty and powerful of hfcr enemies; and the lively spirit of gratitude Ireland breathes to Britain [41* 666.], will Ihow, that in a dispute between parents and children, where both mean the aggrandisement of the family; on a reconciliation, affection returns with an increase of tenderness." Answer,

A letter from Philadelphia, dated March 15. fays; ‘‘ A number of ottr lafe papers, containing an account oft he late proceedings in Ireland [119.], being sent to the army by Gen. Waihington, gave them the greatest satisfaction, and fanned the glorious flame of liberty in their breads. As elegant a collation as the shortness of the time would permit, was provided by the officers of Got. Jackson’s regiment, a number of toaits were drank, and the night concluded with music, and a new cotillon, called, The Duke of *-y?er.—The following toasts were drank, viz. 1. St Patrick, a. The Duke of Leinster. 3. Lord Shannon. 4. Mr Grattan. 5. Mr Ogle. 6. Sir Edward Newenham. 7. The Recorder. 8. Mr Flood. 9. The memory of Dr Lucas [ii. 100, 157.; — 33- 6i4-3- *0. The Volunteers of Ireland. 11. May the cannon of Ireland bellow till the nation is free. 11. The King of France, 13. General Washington and the army."

Niw York, May 20. On Monday the

4th instant was celebrated at Philadelphia the funeral of the Spanish refidrnt, who lately died at Morris-town. The following was the order of thcproccflfion: Ppi The

309 America t A FopKh funeral

The Bier covered with black cloth, Mons. Lucerne, the French Resident, The Congress,

The General Officers,

The Citizens.

When the procession arrived at the Roman-Catholic chapel, the Priest presented the holy water to Mons. Lucerne; who, after sprinkling himself, presented It to Mr Huntington, PreCdent of the Congress. The Calvinist paused a considerable time, near a minute; but at length his afftftion for the great and good ally conquered all (cruples of con-cience, and he too besprinkled and fane-ified himself with all the adroitnefe of a veteran Catholic; which his brethren of the Congress perceiving, they all without hesitation followed the righteous example of their proselyted President. Before the company, which were extremely numerous, left the chapel, curiohty induced forac persons to uncover the bier; when they were highly enraged at finding the whole a (ham, there being no corpse under the doth, the body of the Spanish gentleman having been feve-Tal days before interred at Morris-town. The bier was fur rounded with wax candles, and every member of this egregious Congress, now reconciled to the Popish communion, carried a taper in his hand."

" New York, May 6. Mr Joseph Reed, the present titular president of the council of Pennsylvania, has within fourteen days set his name to a proclamation, offering a reward of 1000 dollars for the head or scalp of every Indian or Tory taken on the frontiers, and 5C0 more for a prisoner."

Williamsburgh, Virginia, April 8. On

the 5th instant was hanged at Charles-town, Colonel Hamilton Balcndine, for drawing draughts of that city and its fortifications. He was taken by a piquet-guard, which Gen. Lincoln had sent out that night to Stono, as he was making his way to the enemy. When he was hailed by the guard, his answer was his own name; the guard told him that would not do, and carried him to the commander of the piquet; upon which he pulled out of his pocket the draughts. The officer told him he was mistaken, and had him carried before Gen. Lincoln; who ordered him to execution."

A citizen of Charlcftown writes thus, May 14. " Gen. Lincoln would have surrendered before, but was prevented by the lieutenant-governor, the council, and

; Siege of Charieftowo, Vol. 4

a few others, who (report (ays) fecieted the offers, and imposed on the citizens, by making them believe that the terms were quite different. However, the truth at length came out; when the in* habitants, to the amount of about 70a, signed and sent in a petition to Gen. Lincoln to accept of the terms. Parson Smith endeavoured to prevent the mea* sure, although the town was invested on every fide, the fleet spread in our harbour, the British troops in possession of Cooper and Wando rivers, and of every station in Christ-church parish, Fort Moultry taken, James island guarded every way, Fenwick’s place, at Wappoo, equally guarded and strong, and the Town neck possessed by the army, so that we could not stir either by land or water; our provision exhausted, except rice and coflee; not an ounce of meat had been delivered to the military for some days before the surrender; the small pox in town; and a pestilential fever raging; seven doctors sick, and some of them dangerously ill.— 1 have not bad an ounce of fresh provision this month pad in roy house. I had some bacon, which I was under the ncccifity of hiding, for my house has been searched three times by the American militia and sailors, who have plundered several fcou-fes in open day, and God knows whafc situation we should have been in had the siege been raised. The English officers have been diligent in preventing abuses and plunder as far as possible. A small matter of rudends will be sufficient for a northward gazette. — Our Governor, John Rutledge, Charles Pinckney, with several others, have gone northwardly. Mr Bee w*as Lieutenant-Governor; but being ordered to Congress, Mr Christopher Gadfden was appointed in his room; who, together with young Mr Laurens, Dr Ramlcy, John Edwards, Tom Fcr-gufon, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Parson Smith, and a few others, who had their estates in the treasury, roanifefled a difpefition to sacrifice both town and inhabitants. All the suburbs weredestroy-cd last May as far as Strickland’s by our own people; this expedition has carried the dcvallation further; Russel’s distillery is erased, and all the woods beyond Burrows’s and Williams’s, ruined in a manner that would surprise you. On Thursday last the besiegers, by carcasses, set fire to Lieut. Gadfden*s house, which was consumed, together with all the row

upwards

Atneritt: Letter* froto Gcd. Clinton. 30 f

LNfoi. Tarleton headed this detach-

June 1780. upwards to the corner where Col. Isaac Motte lived, and both of Daniel Legare’s houses. Thirty-two and twenty-four pounders were sent into town frequently, from James island, Wappoo, and beyond the gates. Carcasses were thrown as far as the Exchange, where fifty tons of gunpowder were lodged. Several thirteen-inch shells were a)so thrown in; one reached as far as the new church, which made a monstrous hole in the ttreet; some fell upon houses and did great execution; the cannon-balls also made a terrible noise, and from the very great nmber, it is wonderful that so few lives have been loft.— One half of the inhabitants are already reformed."

[P. S.J A London Gazette Extraordinary was publiilied on the 5th of Jujy, viz.

" Whitehall, July 5. The following letters from Sir Henry Clinton, K. B. to Lord George Germain, were this day received, by Lt*Col. Bruce, one of Sir Henry's aids-de-camp, who arrived in the South-Carolina Packet.

r ((i Head quarters

My Lord,| South Caroli

I had the honour, in my di(patch, N° 88. by the Earl of Lincoln [261.], to communicate to your Lordship the fur-icnder of Charlestown. 1 am now able to give your Lordship a return of the prisoners taken, amounting, as you will observe, exclusive of near a thousand tailors in arms, to 5618 men #.

1 informed your Lordship, that Lt-Gen. Earl Cornwallis was to march up the north fide of Santee, whilst another corps moved up the hither Ihore of that river towards the distritt of Ninety-six. These corps are in motion, as well as one up the Savannah river in Georgia.

The troops immediately under his Lordship's command have prelfed so effectually upon a body of the rebels which remained in the province, that the Earl, by detaching his corps of cavalry, and with them the legion infantry (mounted) has completed the destruction of every thing in arms against us in this province.

viz. % major-generals, 5 brigadier-generals, 3 majors ot brigade, i<S colonels, 9 lieutenant-colonels, ai majors, 145 captains, 161 lieutenants, 41 comets or enfigus, a paymaster, 7 adjutants, 6 quarternu-fter*, 18 surgeons, 6 mates, 319 ferjeams, 137 dtunnners, 4710 rank and file.

ment, whose celerity in performing a march of near an hundred miles in two days, was equal to the ardor with which they attacked the enemy. These refilling the terms which were offered them, were charged, and defeated, with the lofo of one hundred and seventy-two kill* ed, and some taken, together with thd remaining field-artillery of the southern army, their colours and baggage.

With the greatest pleasure I further report to your Lordship, that the inhabitants from every quarter repair to the detachments of the army, and to thia garrison, to declare their allegiance to the King, and to offer their services, in arms# in support of his government. In many instances they have brought prisoners their former oppressors or leaders; and I may venture to assert, that there are few men in South Carolina, who are not either our prisoners, or in arms with us#

1 have also the satisfaction to receive corresponding accounts, that the loya-lifts in the back parts of North Carolina are arming. I dare entertain hopes* that Lord Cornwallis’s presence on that frontier, and perhaps within the province, will call back its inhabitants from their date of error and disobedience. If a proper naval force can be collected, I purpose fending a small expedition into Cape-Fear river, to favour the revolt tion I look for higher in the country.

I am, with the troops I could take, quitting the harbour of Charlcliown, on my way to New York, hoping no foreign armament can yet have reached the coalt, or have been able to attempt any thing in our absence against that place.

Lt-Col. Bruce, my aid-de-camp, will have the honour of presenting these dif-patches to your Lordship. He has fer-ved with ililhn&ion during this whole war, and is well able to satisfy your Lordship in any inquiries you may be pleased to make concerning the iate o-. perations in Carolina.

Your Lordship will receive by Maj.-Gen. Prevoft, who fails in a few days, the account from Earl Cornwallis of what shall have occurred to that time.

I have the honour to he, &c.

H. Clinton.’*

\T, r {"Romulus, 0* Char Icflown

>lyLORD,| bar, 80.

I have jult received trom Earl Cornwallis a leittr, inclosing a more particular report than had yet been received

from

30* America: Operations in South Carolina*’ Tot.4*1

from Lt-Col. Tarleton of the affeir at merit to your Lordship’s consideratiaiii Wadaw. I have the honour to inclost! I have the honour. See. c.

both, together with a return of the killed and wounded, and of the artillery and other implements taken.

Your Lordship will observe, that the enemy’s killed, wounded, and taken, exceed Lt-Col. Tarleton*s numbers with which he attacked them.

I have the honour to be, See.

H. Clinton.

’ * S I R, Campden, 1780.

In my letter of the 30th of last month, t inclosed a note from Lt-Col. Tarleton, wrote in great haste from the field of action, and I explained myreasonsfor fending the detachment under his comtnand in pursuit of the enemy.

I have now the honour of transihitting to you his account of the march and engagement, with the loss on both Tides.

I can only add the bigheft encomiums on the conduct of Lt-Col. Tarleton. It will give me the most sensible satisfaction to hear that your Excellency has been able to obtain for him some distinguished mark of his Majesty’s favour.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Cornwallis.

HUExcellency Sir Henry,

ILB. be. be.

My Lord, Wacfaw March 30.1780;

I have the honour to inform you, that yesterday at three o’clock p. m. after a march of 105 miles in fifty-four hours, with the corps of cavalry, the infantry of the legion mounted on horses, and a three-pounder, at Wadaw, near the line which divides North from South Carolina, the rebel force, commanded by Colonel Buford, confuting of the nth Virginia, and detachments of other regiments from the same province, with artillery and Tome cavalry, were brought toadion.

After the summons, in which terms fi-milar to those accepted by Charlestown were-offered, and pofttively rejected, the action commenced io a wood. The attacks were pointed at both Banks, the front, and reserve, by 370 cavalry and infantry blended; and, at the famcinstant, all were equally vidorious, few of the ctemy escaping, except the commanding officer by a precipitate flight on Horseback.

It is above my ability to say any thing in commendation of the bravery and exertion of officers and men: 1 leave their

Ban. Tarleton, Lt-Col. Comm. Br. Legion. Lt-Gen. Earl Cornwallis"

Return Of Rebels killed, wounded, and

t lieutenant-colonel, 3 captains, 8 fuse-al terns, x adjutant, t qusrtemufter, pjf fcrjeaots and rank and file, killed.

3 captains, 5 fubaltetns, t*i serjeantt and rank and file, stotinded, unable to travel, and left ofe parole, a captains, t subaltern, 30 fojeants an4 rank and file, prisoners.

Taken, 3 stand of colours, i brass fix-pouu-ders, a royals, two waggons with ammunition, v artillery forge cart, si barrets of powder, a6 waggons Idaded With new cloathing, arms, fnufket-cattridges, new cartridge-boxes, flints, and camp-equi-P*ge-

Return of Brhish tilled and L

Cava’ry: i privates, is horses, killed; fubaitern, 8 privates, 19 horses, wounded.

Infantry: a subalterns, 1 private, killed s

3 privates wounded.

N. B. Lieut. Patcfchall, tyth dragoons, wounded; Lietit. Lauchline M’Donald, of the Legion infantry, killed; RnC Campbell of the LegioQ infantry, fcnruig with the cavalry, killed.

In the fame Gazette-Extraordinary there is an extract of a letter from Adm. Sir George Brydges Rodney to Mr Stephens , dated in Carlisle bay, Barbadoes^ May 31. received, at the Admiralty in the morning of July 5. from Capt. Man, of the Cerberus, who arrived at Falmouth July ». viz.

" Since mjr letter of the t6th>of April from Fort-Royal bay [156.], I roust desire you will please acquaint their Lord-, ships, that after greatly alarming the island of Martinique, whose inhabitants had been made to believe his Majesty’s fleet had been defeated, but were soon convinced to the contrary by its appearance before their port, where it continued till the condition of many of the ships under my command, and the fee-currents, rendered it necessary for the fleet to anchor in Chocque bay, St Lucia, in order to put the wounded and lick men on shore, and to water and refit the fleet; frigates having been detached both to windward and to leeward of every island, in order to gain intelli- . gence of the motions of the enemy* ami x

timely

June 1780. JLmcrkz: Rodney’s atequnt of two engagements. 303

timely notice of their approach toward* Martinique, the only place they could refit at in these feat:

Having landed the wounded and lick men, watered and refitted the fleet, on the 6th of May, upon having received intelligence of the enemy's approach to windward of Martinique, 1 put to sea with nineteen fail of the line, two fifty-gun ships, and several frigates.

From the 6th to the 10th of May, the fleet continued turning to windward between Martinique and St Lucia; when yrc got fight of the French fleet, about three leagues to windward of us. Point Saline on Martinique then bearing N. N. £. five leagues; Capt. Affleck, in the Triumph, joining me the fame day.

The enemy's fleet confided of twenty-three fail of the line, seven frigates, two Hoops, a cutter, and a lugger. Nothing could induce them to risk a general action, though it was in their power daily. They made* at different times, motions which indicate4 a desire of engaging; but their resolution failed them when they drew near; and as they failed far better than his Majesty’s fleet, they with case could gain what difiance they pleased to windward.

As they were sensible of their advantage in failing, it emboldened them to run greater risks, and approach nearer to his Majesty's ships than they would otherwise have done; and for several days, about the hour of two in the afternoon, they bore down in a line of battle abreafi, and brought to the wind a little more than random-shot difiance. As I watphed every opportunity of

Sbring the wind, and forcing them to ttlc, the enemy, on my ordering the fleet to make a great deal of fail on the tyth upon a wind, had the vanity to think we were retiring, and with a press of fail approached us much nearer than usual. J suffered them to enjoy the deception, and their van ship to approach abreast of my centre; vjrben, by a lucky change of wind, perceiving I could weather the enemy, I made the signal for the third in command, who then led the yae, to tack with his squadron, and gain the wind of the enemy. The enemy's fleet instantly wore, and fled with a crowd of fail.

His Majesty's fleet, by this manoeuvre, had gained the wind, and would have forced the enemy to battle, had it not at 9q$e changed fix pointy when near the

enemy, and enabled them to recover that advantage. However, it did not enable them to weather his Majesty’s fleet so much, but the van, led by that good and gallant officer Capt. Bowyer, about seven in the evening, reached their cen* tre, and was followed by Rear-Adm* Rowley's squadron, (who then led tbf van), the centre and rear of his Maje* fty's fleet following in order.

As the enemy were under a press cf (ail, none but the van of his Majesty't fleet could come io for any part of tht action, without wafting his Majesty's powder and (hot, the enemy wantonly expending a deal of theirs at such a di+ stance as to have no effect.

The Albion, Capt. Bowyer, and the Conqueror, Rear-Adm. Rowley, werfc the ships that suffered most in this rencounter, But I am sure, from the flack* ness of their fire, in comparison to that of the van of his Majesty’s fleet, the enemy’s rear must have suffered very con* fid er ably.

The enemy kept an awful distance till the 19th instant, when I was in hopes that I should have weathered them, but had the mortification to be disappointed in those hopes. However, as they were convinced their rear could not escape ac* tion, they seemed to have taken a resolution of risking a general one; and when their van had weathered us, they bore away along our line to windward, and began a heavy cannonade, but at such a difiance as to do little or no execution. However, their rear could not escape, being closely attacked by the ships of the van, then led by Com. Hotham; and with pleasure 1 can say, that the fire of his Majesty's ships was far fu* perior to that of the enemy, who must have received great damage by the rencounter.

The Albion and Conqueror suffered much in this last action, and several other ships received considerable damage; a list of which, aslikewifeof the killed and wounded, 1 have the honour to in* dose.

The pursuit of the enemy had led us forty leagues directly to windward of Martinico; and as the enemy had stood to the northward with all the fail they could possibly press, and were out of fight the sift instant, the condition of his Majesty’s ships being such as not to allow a longer pursuit, 1 sent the Conqueror, Coro wall, and Boyne> to St Lu-

304 America: St Vincent's; A proclamation In ljtj. Vol. 42*

da, and flood with the remainder of his Majesty’s ships towards Barbadoes, in order to put the lick and wounded on Shore, and repair the squadron.

We anchored in Carlisle bay on the »id instant, where every dispatch poll)* bte has been nfed both night and day in refitting, watering, and victualling the fleet; and I hope that every thing w»U be in readiness to proceed to sea tomorrow, in qireft of the Spanifti fleet which failed from Cadiz the 28th of last month; intelligence of which has been brought me by the Cerberus, Capt. Man, who parted company with them on the 4th instant, in lat. 51 and a half, fleering W.

S. W.

The Brilliant and RattVfnake floop have joined me since, with the fame intelligence; the latter from Com. John-stone. I shall order them all back again to their station; but cannot forbear expressuig to their Lordships my approbation of the merits of those officers, who thought it their duty to leave their station, and convey to me with speed intelligence of such great importance.

I must desire you will please to acquaint their Lordships, that M. de Gui-chen and the French fleet have got, in a fluttered condition, into Martinico; where their Lordships may be allured I shall keep a watchful eye over them; stnd hope I shall have an opportunity of giving a good account of the Spanish fleet, before the French are in a condition to put to lea."

Kill ti and -woundedon the i$lb of May.

Slips. K. W. Ships, K.

Vigilant 3 10 Albion 1* 4a

Medway 1 10 Cornwall 3 j

(Conqueror a 13

Total: Killed, at; 'Wounded; too. Officer killed: Fill! Lieut. William Law, of the Cornwall.

Killed and Wounded on the 1 of Af/rj.

Ships. K. W. Ships. K W.

Intrepid 1 0 Magnificent S *3

Suffolk 1 XI Conqueior 3 IO

Triumph 4 »4 Al bion 11 6r

Vigilant P *5 Terrible 3 9

Medway 11 Cornwall 4 xo

Vengeance 3 »« Piefton O 3

Total: Killed, 47 I Wounded, »93-

Officers Killed and Wounded.

s Killed: Capt. Watson, of die Conqueror, who loft Iris arm, and is ftoce dead: Enf. Currie, |th rej». of the Albion. —r Wounded

Lieut. Twycrofi, of the Triumph; Lieut. Flight, 87th reg. of the Magnificent; Lieut. 1 Douglas, of the Cornwall, who loft hit leg;

and Mr Paven, matter of the Albion. v

Lord George Germain, having, by the King's command, transmitted, April aa. to his Majesty’s Advocate, Attorney, and Solicitor General, a copy of a petition of the proprietors of estates, mortgages, and others interested in the island ' of St Vincent, residing in G. Britain, together with a copy of the capitulation of the said island; and directed them to take the fame into their confederation, and to report to his Lordship, for his Majesty'6 information, their opinion upon the question stated in the said petition,— they considered the fame, and J reported their opinion. May 10. vir.

* That goods, which are actually tbr growth, produce, or manufacture, of the island of St Vincent, are not liable to be seized by British cruisers, on board neutral ships or vessels bound for neutral ports; 3nd also, that such goods on board of droghers, belonging to the in? J habitants of St Vincent, and going from one port or bay of the said island to another, are not liable to feizore by the said cruisers. [Signed] Wm Wynne.

Al. Wedderburn. Ja. Wallace.1*

—— Lord George having received this report, on the nth of May, it was immediately sent in a letter, by Mr de Grey, under*secretary for the American department, to William Crichton, Esq; and was published in the papers by Mr Crichton.

The publication of the following proclamation at this time will not be thought unseasonable. It was read in all the provinces, and the terms strictly adhered to.

" By his Excellency the Captain-General, &c.

A Proclamation.

Whereas the Rt Hon. Joseph Ad-difon, Esq; one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by his letter, dated at Whitehall the eighth day of July last, has signifred to me. That, upon his Majesty's having received advice from the court of France of the island of Martinico having lately revolted from the French government, and having sent a-way the Governor and Intendant thereof, and that the Regent of France had

dcflrctf

Jane 1780. Montagu, an anecdote. Mr Smelt’s speech. 305

desired his Majesty *, that none of the neighbouring island, or dominions be* longing to the crown of Great Britain, may countenance or encourage that rebellion: It is thereupon his Majesty’s Royal will and pleasure, that the said revolt lb on Id be as much as pofilble dif-countenanced by his subjects; and that the persons concerned in that rebellion should be more speedily redneed to their just obedience, and hindered from all manner of subsistence orprote&ion whatsoever from any of his Majesty’s subjects or plantations in America:

I have, pursuant to such his Majesty's pleasure, by and with the advice of his Lordshipthe Rt Hon. the Lord Proprietary's Council within this province, Maryland, thought fit to issue this my proclamation, strictly commanding and enjoining all persons within this province, upon their utmost peril of his Majesty's dupleafare, not to be in any wise a flirting, aiding, or protecting to the said rebels; and, that all persons may have due notice hereof, do hereby, in his Lord-Drip's name, command and require the respcCrive sheriffs of the several counties in this province to poblish this my proclamation at all churches, and chapels of ease, and others the most frequented places in their said counties; whereof they are not to fail at their perils. Given at the city of Annapolis, under the broad seal of this province, the 13th day of September, in the second year of his Lordship’s dominion, A.D. 1717.

The Regent of France had been equally obliging to K. George I. io discountenancing the rebellion in Scotland in 1715. Cent.

Montagu: A whimflcal anecdote.

THE late Duke of Montagu one evening, accompanied by two or three facetious friends, took a hackney-coach, and ordered the man to drive to the back of St Clement's. When they were arrived there, the Duke got out, and walked round the coach to the other door; and was, in consequence of a concerted plan, followed by his friends: they entered the coach on the other fide to where the man flood, and passed through the coach one after another eighteen times, to the astonishment of the coachman; who ran into the first public house be saw, and in the utmost tright declared he had been carrying a legion of devils, for he had counted eighteen of them, and they were coming out Rill*

Vpt.XLIK

Mr Smelt's speech co. [23a.]

The next object of the petition is thd inference drawn from the preceding premises, the unconstitutional influence of the crown, which may soon prove fatal to the liberties of this country. This inference calls for a particular consideration. It has been already observed, that a regular plan of violent opposition to the public measures, has been added to all the other difficulties this country has laboured under, if it may not be given as the original catife of them. It is evident, that the rebellion in America has been faltered by it in every point of view. Lord Chatham was said to have conquered America in Germany, and the internal enemies of this country, by a most perverted imitation, endeavoured to conquer the constitution of Britain in America. But when even that country did not promise the harvest they wished for, it is well known that the brave, the loyal, but the distressed Irish, were exposed to their felicitations to violence. But however great their difficulties, they neither could be brought to deny the immediate means of support against the common enemy, nor to refill the proofs of an affectionate good-will towards us; those proofs which nothing but that general source of all our real grievances already mentioned, could have with-held from us so long. But the active dispositions of our internal enemies did not rest here: despairing of success in Ireland, now convinced that a generous and loyal people could never be made a party in annihilating the constitution, and dismembering the empire, the dernier resort was to be tried; the sovereign himself was to be attacked. That fine veil which this constitution had so wifely thrown round the person of the king was to be torn away, and every insult offered which could annihilate the respect for an office so essential to the constitution, in the misrepresen-tations of the man who held it; and the sense of treason being in a manner ex* tinguished by gradual and daily usage, the grotfeft indecencies were made use of with that security and impunity which cowardice required, and which it found in attacking the only bring in Britain who could not personally resent, and in whose favour the laws, by those perverted sentiments of the people, had lost their force. But the time will corn*

when

30 6 Conclusion of Mr Smelt's speech. VOL42.

when those infatuated men will fee the iojustice as well as the absurdity of such a conduit, and when that sovereign, who neither could be brought to consent to the diminution of that empire which he was called to preserve entire, nor to despair of his means of defence, although the whole house of Bourbon thundered upon hiscoaft, will have ample justice done him in the hearts of every real friend of liberty, and of the glorious constitution of this country; and when, both from the example of his private virtues and his public firmnef6, real pa-triotism will receive its best encouragement.

Happy as we may be in such an example tn so arduous a moment, this constitution would ill deserve the praises be* stowed upon it by the wisest men of this and of every other country in Europe, if it depended rather upon the uncommon virtues of the prince, which an hereditary monarchy tnuft render precarious, than upon the attributes of the sovereign. It is in that political perfection which this constitution has attributed to the sacred office of a British sovereign, that conftfts the ftiintng part of the moil admirable form of government that was ever conceived by the mind of any legislator. It is a false o* pinion, that the king is the servant of the public. He is the foul of the consti-iution, that which frees it from the tyranny of an aristocracy, and the anarchy of a democracy. The servants of the public are those ministers who surround him, through whom every aft that is done must pass, who are alone respon-fible, amenable, and punishable. Nothing, therefore, can pass from the sovereign to the subject, but through the a-gencyof accountable servants; and thus the essence of the constitution is never in danger, unless the madness or the wick-edness of the people render it so, as the sacrifice of the minister does not affelt it. Contempt, oraverfton, may be nationally felt towards one minister, and his successor may fully restore the dignity of the office, because it is dependent upon the individual who fills it: but if the crown becomes contemptible in the eyes of the people, all its attributes fink for ever. That the king can do no wrong, That the king never dies, That the throne is never vacant, are ideas of the higbeft import to the preservation of this constitutionj and that liberty it Was won-

derfully framed to preserve; and the difficulty felt at the Resolution, by the greatest men of that age, in making the word abdication confident with the sense of the constitution, plainly shewed their knowledge of the importance of the royal office, for the preservation of that liberty they were then met to establish.

How different are the ideas which prevail in the present age! Every man it now a legislator, and so far from being satisfied with that time-tried form of government, under which he finds himiclf, by which he bad been protected from infancy to manhood, and by which his property has been secured to him, he disdains its orders, arraigns its composition, and would totally change its form, as not coinciding with his own crude ideas of the state be would chuse to live under; and to cffelt his purposes, avails himself of the moment in which the empire is (truggling against the most powerful and most despotic of foreign enemies. The ft range situation to which this poor country is now reduced, confirms too justly that which has been already obfer-ved, that Britannia, which formerly moved in a line so dignified as to draw the attention and respect of all Europe, now finks down in a state of corruption, {and gives birth to millions of reptiles, each creeping their own separate way.

When those who posscft, from an he-reditacy claim only, all the diAin&ioos of society, and such an excessive disproportion of its benefits, as to Have a thousand of their fellow-creatures employed in the hardest work, and with the poorett subsistence, to contribute to their ease and luxury; — when such talk of the natural equality of men, and their right to change the government they live under, who can with-hold their astonishment P and yet this has been so long the fashionable language of this country, that all subordination and order, all decency is at an end; and bas carried its effects up to the crown; which, so for from having too great an influence, has been deprived of that most essential part of it which a proper education and early habits formerly implanted in the hearts of men; a general difpefition to respect it even in the warmest political contents.

Is the zeal of the present majority in parliament for carrying on the war with vigour, against the most perfidious of enemies, meant to be produced as the proof o i(be undue influence of the

crow a \

June 1780. Conclusion of Mr SmeltVfpeech* 307

trown ?'fs that majority who would not yield, to^ the independency of America; to the ruinous and disgraceful terms prescribed by the most ancient and moil inveterate enemy of this country,- France; to that mti poflidttis of Spain, which was to annihilate thi$ country, by checking it in the only moment of effectual refinance, and by railing up a superiority of power against it during the cessation of arms; is a majority, I say, against such degrading propositions, the proof of the undue influence complained of! If so. Heaven grant that we may never want such influence; and depend upon it, that this will be the univerial prayer ot Britain. The tide of popularity will flow towards those men who have supported tile empire under the greatest difficulties; and those who have preached up doctrines which must tend todifgrace us as a nation, will fink to their proper level.

Recover yourselves, citizens of Britain, if possible, from these delusions. Examine well those who are loudest among you; and fee whether there are noprofefled republicans, no supporters of aristocracy amongst them. If they have a right to change the constitution, what becomes of your property, what of your tenures? The leafriiolder, the copyholder, nay the no* holder of any thing, may claim your freeholds: all right is annihilated, or endangered, when the government from which it is derived is annihilated, or essentially changed. Unequal property can never be derived from the boasted natural rights or equality of men. Anarchy, and its certain follower, despotism, can only arise out of such doctrines. Be allured that in this constitution, as it now Hands, true liberty, protection, and security, to per-foos and property, find their surest basis. That small proportion of virtue which is necessary for an elector to do justice to himself in his choice of a diferete, fenfi-ble, dispafiionate man, for his representative, and one whose fortune is sufficient to set him above the necessity of corruption, will ever preserve this constitution. No coanges in modes of election, no further exclusions from offices, are necessary; as such exclusions could only operate in preventing the men who are the ablest, and the fittest both for the icnatc and the state, to become more useful to their country, i»y their double capacity } which can never Ik impofrd up-

on the electors, as a rC-election most follow the appointment.

The last object of this petition is, That no new taxes may be granted till effectual meafUres are taken for this general reform, the produce of which is to be applied to the necessities of the Hate." And as the two subsequent resolutions of the meeting, in favour of the petition, relate expressly to this part of it, viz. " That a committee be appointed to carry on the necessary correspondence for effectually promoting the object of the petition; and to prepare a plan of an association, on legal and constitutional grounds, to support that laudable reform, and such other measures,* as may conduce to restore the freedom of parliament,*’ it may be proper to consider the whole under one view.

The money which is to be raised for theincreasing efforts of the war, and for the immediate subsistence of the present means of defence, constitutes that loan, for the payment of the interest of which, new taxes must be granted: the loan, therefore, although instantly wanted for defensive as well as often five war, must be delayed, till the object of the petition is effectually carried into execution; and as the measure petitioned for is a measure of latitude, the epithet must

likewise be deemed so. Who men can be the judges of its latitude, but those who first made use of it ? and that they indeed constitute themselves so, is evident from the subsequent refolotions. The House of Commons must therefore correspond with the committees of reform; the committees of reform with each other, as well as with their full meetings; and of conrfe draw on a long difeuffion, before they can deem the term tfftttunl complied with, so as

to proceed to the taxes, and of course to the existence of the loan. And should not the House of Commons think themselves obliged to pay this attention to this awful committee, but proceed as their conscience and wisdom may direct, the association comes in aid of this committee. Is this aid to be understood, as was dtopped at the meeting, uncenfu-red ? are they to be told, that Ireland gained its object by 60,000 men in arms ? is this the mode the association is to adopt, for effectually carrying on this laudable reform ? Ireland in her most biting necessities granted the taxes for fi$ Qjl % month#,

308 Mi Smelt. Bp Butler. Root-grafting. VOL42.

months, a time sufficient for the British parliament to judge of and refoWe upon her petition; and (he has gcncrofity to be convinced that (he had been hasty in the hostile appearance ihe made. Once justice alone would have cflfc&ed her purposes. But British petitioners do not only threaten, but they with-hold the inltant means of defence against a most powerful and most insidious enemy at our door. Surely those respectable names which accompanied the first request for this meeting, could not have intended measures which carry such extraordinary appearances; appearances which mult have greatly alarmed, had there been the lealt time given to conli-der them. But it is well known, that these subsequent resolutions were read in great halte at the concluGon of the meeting, after the passing of the petition, and in a manner that did not seem as if they were meant to be deliberately considered. But it is unnecessary to say more, to call the attention of the public to these subsequent resolutions, since they speak, as they were meant to do, in thunder.

When the state of this empire is considered, in the moment in which this petition is brought forth,—a moment in which thcaftonishing efforts of this country were railing it to a superiority over the forces of the whole House of Bourbon, and its own revolted colonies, — a moment in which the common danger was awakening again the and an-

nihilating that narrow selfishness which counteracted the consolidation of the whole empire, — when the true principles of trade were beginning to be understood; which prove, that it should take its feat with equal freedom in every part of the empire, availing itself of every local advantage and produce,— when the navigation-act, in America, and the reltraints in Ireland, would be judged a9 prejudicial to the whole empire, as if they existed in London,— and when, out of our evils, had arisen that liberality of mutual advantage, which mult consolidate the empire, more than it could have been under that fdfiih character which pervaded every part before theconteft,—when there wanted nothing but temper and unanimity in the mother-country, to open the eyes of America to her true interest, and to effect a complete union of the whole empire under common advantage, common liber-

ty, and common support, the means for which might be settled without admitting the lead possible injustice to the parts; — at such a moment to give (anc-tion to division, and to tell all our enemies that they might expect, from oar internal convulsions, what their united arms could not effect, it indeed a melancholy, and most uoexpeded event.

A private Uttar writtenby Bp who

died on the nth of fx752.

Good Sir,

TTTHen or where this will find yon I * know not: but I would not defer thanking you for the obliging satisfaction you express in my translation to the fee of Durham. I wish my behaviour in it may be such as to justifjr his Majesty* choice, and the approbation of it, which you (much too kindly I suppose) think to be general. If one is enabled to do a little good, and to prefer worthy men, this indeed is a valuable of life, and will afford satisfaction in the close of it: but the change of station in itself will in no wife answer the trouble of it, and of getting into new forms of living; — I mean with respect to the peace and happiness of one’s own mind; for in fortune, to be

sure, it will.-1 am, &c.

Bristol, Aug. 13.1750.

A new method of Root-Grafting,—-from m treo-tife, intit led, A new treatise on the art of

Grafting and Inoculation,

rpO perform it, take a graft or fpvig of a young tree, which you intend to propagate, and a final! piece of the root of another tree of the fame kind, or of a like genus, and whip-graft them together; observing that the rind of the root join closely to that of the graft. The piece of toot will feed the graft, as the stock docs the other way.

This method of propagating fruit-trees is both caff and expeditious; tooft being more plentiful than flocks. By this method the pieces, or roots, of one crab-stock, foe example, or of one apple-stock, will serve foe twenty or thirty apple-grafts; and the like of other trees. It is also an excellent method for raising such trees as will hardly ben grafting in the stock. Add, that trees thus grafted, bear sooner, and are more eaisly dwarfed, than any other way.

In this treatise, reiterated grafting, or grafting by a double and treble iocifioo, is recommended.

PAR-

June 17S0. Parliament: Commons on crown-influence.' 309

PARLIAMENT. [*48.]

Immediately after Mr Dunning's motion, " That the influence of the crown has increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminished," was carried in a committee of the House of Commons, against the mmiftry, April 6. [248.], other consequent motions were made.—— Mr Dunning moved, " That it is competent to this House to examine and cor-rest abuses in the expenditure of the civil-lift revenues, as well as in every other branch of the public revenue, whenever it shall appear expedient to the wif-doro of this House so to do." Carried without a division.

Mr T. Pitt moved, " That it is the duty of this House to provide, as far as may be, an immediate and effectual re-dress of the abuses complained of in the petitions presented to this House from the different counties, cities, and towns, of this kingdom." Carried likewise without a division.

Mr Fox then moved, " That the said rdblutions be immediately reported to the House." This was opposed by Lord North, as violent, arbitrary, and unu-ful But the motion was, notwithstanding, agreed to.

Mr Hufley reported accordingly, That the committee bad come to the Lid resolutions severally.

It was then resolved by the House, That this report be now received. —The report was then made by Mr Hufley, and read the first and second time, and agreed to by the House.

Tbs committee having fat again on the xoth of April, Mr Dunning introduced a motion, by observing, that the House having resolved, that the influence of the crown had increased to such a degree that it ought to be diminished, it behoved the committee to come to such reflations as were most likely to cure the evil. The fort of influence which bad so much alarmed the people, was the corrupt pecuniary influence supposed to be exercised 00 the members of that House; the first resolution, therefore, which be meant to propose, would be one calculated for the extirpation of that influence, for preferring the indepen-, deuce of parliament, and for obviating all fufptcions of its purity, viz. " That it in the opinion of this committee. That for the better preserving the independence of parliament, and obviating any

fiifpidon of its purity, exact accounts be laid before this House, on the first day of every fession, of such sum or furas of money as have been paid in the course of the preceding year to members of parliament, out of the produce of the civfl lift, or any other part of the public revenue, to them, or their use, or in troft for them, or on any other account, specifying when, or on what account, fadi money was paid."

Col. Onslow begged the Hon. Gentleman to explain, whether in his motioa he meant to include all sums paid by virtue of grants from the crown, such as by duties on coals and other revenues if be did not, he should move as an amendment, to add the words, " by virtue of grants from the crown." which amendment was taken down by the clerk.

Lord North declared, he bad not a wish or a design to oppose the motioa* because he thought it afleed for a fair account; for he was conscious no member of that House received a shilling from vemment which government ought Co ashamed to pay, or the member m-(hamed to receive: he rose merely to submit, that the motion appeared to him liable to objection, with regard to the interpretation it would bear, and to the extent of the main object of it. With respect to the first, many of those persons, such as the auditor of the exchequer, dec. derived the greater part of their emoluments from fees and perqoi-sites paid them on their issuing the public money in salaries, dec. did the motion include those fees as well as the specific salary each officer received ? With respect to the extent, a motion for an account of all sums of mooey paid to members of parliament to be laid before that House, went to an interference with the other House; which might disoblige them; because, though perfectly parliamentary and proper to purify thera-selves, and to take care of their own virtue, it did not follow, that it was necessary, or right, for them to afiume the guardianship of the other House, or to act as the preservers of their integrity.

Mr Dunning said, that the motion included all money paid to members of parliament, whether arising from pension, salary, or fees. And as to interference with the other House, either House had certainly a right so to interfere with the other: and so tar was it from being like*

jip Parliament iCommons oo crown-iofluence. VoL 4i

If in the present case to give umbrage, lie could assure the committee, that a G- vilar motion would* be offered to the o-other House. The purity of Parliament wu an object within the province of each House to preicrve; and the motion now under confederation was but one of federal propositions all tending to one point, via. an effectual compliance with the prayers of the people; and to be the foundation of one or more bills, which necessarily would come under the conG-deration of the other House.

The Attorney-General pointed out a doubt, whether the motion extended to monies paid to public trustees. Large Aims were paid to the auditor of the imprest, and other officers, such as cofferers, treasurers, &c. who paid it away in Analler proportions. He declared he approved of the motion, because it tended to bring forth an exa<ft account of all monies received from government by members of parliament; which would have this roost important and salutary efTelt, It would serve to dtfabufe the public, and remove from their minds the preju- dices arising from the impression of those fclfe and scandalous stories so injuriously and ioduftriously propagated by artful, Interested, and wicked person9, who wished to have it believed, that a large ihare of the public money passed into the pockets of members of parliament; the aery contrary of which was the fact, as would appear from the account now called for.

Mr Macdonald asked, whether the motion extended to monies paid to members. Possibly large sums might be paid to members in foreign employ, as ambassadors, commanders of armies, &c. which sums might be destined for great national services, and might not be distributed and applied before the end of the year, or the commencement of a fession; and the discovery of which sums having been lodged in the hands of such members so employed, being made known to our enemies, might be of material injury to the public interest. He conceived the motion meant merely to ascertain the sums paid to members liable to influence in parliament, which members employed in foreign service were certainly not liable to He concluded with thanking the Hon. Gentleman for his motion, which, excepting in the particular adverted to, met with his hearty concurrence.

Mr Adam, and the Lord Advocate, objected to developing the application of

I

secret- service money, which had been al- 5 ways admitted to be a necessary part of the public expenditure. J

Mr Dunning replied; and the qnl-ftion 'being called for, an amendment V was proposed by Col. Barrd, and agreed to, viz. substituting, in place of "the flrftday of every fession," these wordi, i * within seven days after the first day of i every fession." Then thequestion was put, and carried without a division.

As soon as this was over, Mr Dunning made a motion, which, he laid, Would remove thirteen instances of influence, by rendering, in future, the holding of certain offices incompatible wi^b holding a feat in that House, in substance as follows, viz. That it is the opinion of this committee. That it is incompatible with the independence of parliament, that persons holding the offices of Treasurer of the Chamber, Treasurer of the Household, Cofferer of the Household, and his Clerk, Comptroller of the House-old, and his Clerk, Matter of the Household, and the [fix] Clerks of the Greqi Cloth, be intit led to hold feats in this House, if such places shall be permitted to exist." This motion the learned mo* i ver did not expect would be so chearfully j accepted as his preceding one had bceh, but he hoped it should be carried by a majority, considering how much his first resolution April 6. [248.}, had been firengthened by the friendly assistance of , a learned gentleman in his eye, who, not content with (imply declaring, " that the influence of the crown had incre«frl, was increasing, and ought to be dlmir.ii.V ed," had enforced the proposition, by . adding, " that it wa6 necessary for the committee to declare that it was fo/’

The Lord Advocate rose immediately, and said, he had no intention, in the course of what he should say that evening, to advert to what bad passed in a , former debate; though he was fair to , own, that in moving the amendment adverted to by the learned gentleman, he had considerably strengthened a proposition which he certainly did not mean to have strengthened, but which he had moved the amendment to, in the hope that it would more forcibly impress-the minds of the committee with the necefli-ty and propriety of negativing that proportion. — His Lordship then read an extract from a pamphlet written by Mr Burke, in 1770, intit led. j

eause of theprrfent difwhich, he

fciu!,

y

Tone 1980. Parliament: On public money paid to members. 31

(laid, perfcdly coincided with his fcnti-meats. — He then objected to the motion on the double ground of tending, of I a sudden, materially to alter the con ft i-tut too, and being calculated to enforce a naeaftire highly inexpedient. It might do honest men a serious injury, but would not prevent rogues from remaining dishonest. Those who were wicked and depraved enough to be willing to receive the wages of corruption, would receive them 5 for various secret means of corruption were within the scope of human ingenuity. He justified, by past example, the propriety of having the great officers of tote, and those who fer-ved near the person of the king, in parliament; declared be wiftied the constitu-ties to remain as it was; and was not, at any rate, for coming so decisively to a resolution, which, if carried, would make a violent alteration in it. If the * da had been suggested to the House by a bill, it would have appeared to him a xaoch fairer way of proceeding; because, at the bringing in of such a bill, at its first or fee on d reading, on its commit' noent, or in any of its subsequent ft ages, it might be coolly difeuffed; but, in the present instance, gentlemen were called on instantly to decide upon an extensive and important proportion, popped out of a member’s pocket, and wholly new to those whom it most immediately concerned. This mode of taking the House by surprise wasofitfelfsufficient to excite his objection to the motion; and the rather, because the Hon. and learned gentleman who made it, should he carry it, would not be content with that, but, contrary to all parliamentary rule, would proceed a step farther, and report it in-stantly [309.3; thus not giving gentlemen time to (Jeep upon their opinions, not affording them an opportunity to re-cal a ralh vote, should it upon consideration appear to be so, they were hurried from one measure to another, and might do infinite roifehief. He concluded with giving- his negative to the refutation.

Air Burke, in reply, said, With regard to the author quoted by the Hon. Gentleman* would any man lay, that a writer was bound to fellow, in all cases, and under all circumstances, those arguments which be had thought wife and proper ten years ago, when times and circum-ftaoces were greatly different? He defended the motion, on what the Lord Advocate fad said* " that it would* if

carried, do an injury to many an honest man, but not prevent men willing to be corrupted, from being corrupted," by desiring the committee, to remember that part of the Lord’s Prayer, which fays, " Lead us not into temptation;*’ and telling them it was their duty to lef* fen the inducements to members to be corrupted, by taking away the means a corruption.

The Attorney-General laid, that the motion, if carried, would stain and diA honour those offices it was levelled at, by holding them out as not fit to be trusted with members of parliament; and, in salt, would only remove the influence, if any these offices carried in them, from that House to the other; for if they were taken from the members of that House, they would certainly be given to the members of the House of Lords. He defended placemen in general, and said, that to remove them would give room for secret and the worst kind of influence to be exerted. While men of honour held places, the degree of influence they were under was known, and their conduit obvious to comment. That the offices in question might be held by less honourable persons, and a greater mischief be done to the tote and to the constitution.

Mr T. Pitt said, that so long as the House of Commons was incorrupt, snd pure, the constitution was safe; for danger was not to be dreaded from the cither House.

Mr Dunning answered all the objections in progreflSon; and the question being put, the numbers were, Ayes *15, Noes 213.

Ten of the minister’s friends, among whom were Col. North, and Sir Grey Cooper, were locked out on the divi* Aon; and one of the opposition shared the fame fate.

Mr Crewe moved, March 14. for leave to bring in a bill for difqnalifying freeholders who have places in the cu stoms or excise to vote for members of parliament. — Lord Nugent said, he would oppose any bill that had for its object to disfranchise British subjects, and rob them of their birthright. — Mr Crewe said, he did not mean to take a-way, but only to suspend, the rights of freeholders under the description mentioned in the motion: he wa3 only afraid that the independence of the freeholder should be left in the exciseman.

— No

Jia Parliament: Commons on crown-influence. Vol.42.

— No further opposition was made, and the motion patted without a drviGon.

Mr Crewe’s bill for disqualifying officers of the revenue to vote at elections for members of parliament, was read a second time, April 13. and he moved, that the bill should be committed; afflgnrng as a reason, that it was connected with the resolution of the committee of April 6. [148.], being one of the means to diminish the influence of the ‘ crown.

' Mr Jenkinson opposed the commitment; contending, that the House could not in justice disfranchise a large body of people, merely upon a suspicion, that heeause they held offices under the government they most be under the influence of the crown. He stated the material difference between coming to resolutions respecting themselves, for preferring the independency of parliament, and voting away the rights of the fobjects out of doors.

Ld John Cavendish said, the bill held out an option to the revenue-officer, either to quit his office, or to suspend his right of voting while he held it. This, far from being a hardship, would free the revenue-officers from a yoke the most intolerable, a yoke that made them sacrifice cither their livelihood or their con science, being often reduced to the alternative, either of disobliging their friendsand neighbours by voting contrary to their inclinations, or of losing their places.

Lord Nugent said, the bill was levelled at the vitals of the constitution, and would, if passed, cut up Liberty by the root. Where the rage for reformation would flop, he could not tells it might extend to placemen of every denomination; and if the injustice were not opposed in the first instance, it would over-run and deluge the whole land. It bad ever been a maxim with all constitutional politicians, to destroy every dif-tin&ion between the persons employed by the crown, and the people at large, that, being confounded together, they might have but one interest in the commonwealth. But modern politicians, acting on different principles, were un-constitutionally drawing a line between the servants of the crown; and, consequently, as unwisely as impolitically, Getting up two distinct interests in the country, which every sensible and patriotic thtefman would endeavour to prevent.

IVJr C. Turner contended, jhat the

House must pass the bill; the people of England had petitioned for it, and who would gainsay the people of England ? They would have their way, they had a right to it, for the constitution of this country was a republic. He held this language to the people in Westminster hall [238.1, and be would hold it every where. He wished to fee pure republi-canism established; not indeed that he wished to abolish the species of monarchy that fubflfted, but he was satisfied that our form of government was republican: his father and grandfather had been friends to his Majesty’s father and grandfather, and so would he to his present Majesty, if his monarchy were properly limited.

Sir Thomas Clavering having difap-proved of the bill, Mr Powis was greatly hurt, that a member who had been one of the glorious 233 on the 6th of April, could so far forget the vote he had then given, as to oppose a bill that had for its object the diminution of the influence of the crown, which, by that very vote, he had declared ought to be diminished. — Sir Thomas replied, That he did not bind hirafelf by that vote to look upon every measure that should be proposed by every member as the fitted to diminish that influence; adding, that however ready he might be to concur in any measure to diminish influence as far as it respeded the members of that House, yet he was peculiarly delicate how he should attempt to take away the franchises of those who had sent them all into parliament. — In this, Sir Matthew Whyte Ridley, who was likewifeone of the ?33, concurred with Sir Thomas Clavering.

The Lord Advocate said, it would be a most cruel thing, to reduce men to the necessity of starving, who had quitted other employments, and could not return to them, or of giving up their right to chuse their representatives.

The force of the arguments of the speakers on one side seemed to turn against taking away the rights of any class of subjects not convicted of any crime to disfranchise them; and as hints were thrown out by Mr Powis and other gentlemen, that it might be proper to bring on amendments in the committee, to extend the disqualifications to postma-fters and their deputies, and to artificers in the dock-yards, this seemed to spread an alarm* and add strength to the oppo-

fitioa

Jane 1780. Parliament ? On prorogation or diflblatfon* 313

fition to the bill; for it was said, the ary and the army might be under Hie influence of the crown, and therefore the officers most be disfranchised: there was no knowing where it might (top.

By the Speakers on the other fide it was urged, that the rights of the subject, by the foregoing mode of reasoning, might be said to be invaded; yet no one thought so; the copy-holders were excluded from voting, and commissioners of the customs from fitting as members.

On a division, the numbers were, For committing the bill 195, Against it *a6. —Sothe bill was thrown out, and Lord North found himself once more in a majority.

On Monday, April 24* Mr Dunning got up to make a motion, which, but for the Speaker's indisposition *, he would have made on the Friday fe'ennight before. — He began with disclaiming,asabfard, Mr Powis’s position [312 ], That every gentleman of the majority of 233 on the 5th of April, was bound by that vote to concur in every measure that might be afterwards propped in consequence of it. No gentleman in that House was accountable to him, or to any other mem-

[Bufmeft was interrupted on Friday, April 14. by the Speaker's being suddenly taken ill. The House expressed the greatest concern. He wished to resign: but that was Over-ruled. A new Speaker temfore was jproposed; but that too was rejected, and it was agreed to adjourn for a week. — Mr E-den urged the irreparable injuty to the merchants from the least delay to the American exportation bill, which was hourly expc&ed from the Lords: to obviate this, Treasury-warrants were allowed to supply the place of the bill. — This happened to be a lucky Ctrcurafiance; for the bill came down from the Lords so altered, that, to avoid a breach with the Lords, it was judged proper to rcjc& the hill cotirely, and to frame a sew one. — The House adjourned from Friday April 14. to Monday April 14. — Both tides of the House, the ministry and the oppoGtion, paid the highest compliments to the Speaker. — The speeches on this occasion remind os of the elegant compliments that passed between the Commons of Irelmd and the Carl of Halifax in s?6i' [14. no, 334.}, when the former resolved to augment the e-moI unarms of the Lord Lieutenant, and the latter dtfinrereftedly declined to accept of the augmentation himself, though he approved of the resolution's taking place with rc-fpt& to his foccefiprs.1 Vol. XLII.

her, for the vote he should give; but every gentleman was accountable to hit constituents, his country, and himself: he ought not therefore to give a vote that he could not reconcile to his conscience and his honour. —The measure be had then immediately in view, was to prevent a dilfolution or prorogation of parliament, till such steps should be taken as might satisfy the demands of the people. He knew it might be objected, that summer was an improper time for rliament to fit; and that if it (honlct required that the parliament should fit beyond its usual time, thebufiness of the nation would not be a jot the better attended to, as both business and pleafore would call away the greatest part of the members, and leave the benches empty. For his part, he did not care how empty the benches might be; he did not care how the House was filled, provided the objects he had in view were fulfilled. He had engagements both of a profitable and pleasurable nature; and he wa9 ready to sacrifice both for the public good. — The obied of the county-petitions was twofold: to promote (Economy in the expenditure of public money, and to lelfen the influence of the crown. The former might perhaps be answered by the bill brbugbt in by the Noble Lord in tt)e blue ribbon, for appointing a commission of accounts: the latter muit be answered by various expedients. A large foundation had been laid by the resolution of the 6th of April: it could not be supposed that the resolutions he had hitherto proposed could raise the fu* perstructure to any height proportionable to the foundation; it must be the business of time to find out materials for that purpofr, and it was to gain that time that be had resolved to draw up the following motion, which he then made, " That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, requeuing that be would not difiblve the parliament, nor prorogue the present foffion, until proper measures shall have been taken by this House to diminish the influence of the crown, and tocorred the other evils complained o. in the petitions of the people."

Mr T. Pitt seconded the motion. The aueftion before the House was big with the fate of the nation: if the waters of discontent should be collected by the rejection of it, and he made no doubt bnt they would, the torrent would mock all bounds: it would sweep. all before it;

Hr for

3t4. Farfiaihent: On prorogation or diflolutlon. Vol. 42 T

for no one could say to it, " So far thou fbalt go, and no farther." He therefore conjured the House to adopt the motion, and thereby prevent those dif-afters which he feared would fall upon the nation if it should be rejected.

Lord Nugent opposed the motion, for two reasons: 1. Because it was impoffi-ble to judge how long gentlemen might make the parliament fit if they should Carry their motion; and, %. Because the xncafures that might be proposed, and for the passing of which the parliament was to be kept fitting, did not depend solely upon the House of Commons, as another branch of the legislature must debate every matter before it could pass into a law. Upon the whole, the mea-iiire (melt fti'ongly of 1641* when the parliament was made perpetual. The distractions among the people were certainly alarming; by (landing on American grounds the present opposition- had certainly, till very lately, been very unpopular; he recommended, therefore, moderation to them in their prosperity; for if the present war, and rage for reformation, should continue much longer, we should have a bankrupt treasury, adifcon-tented people, and an impaired constitution.

MrTownshend said, he had not Hood upon American, but on English ground, and there he had opposed the measures of ad minift ration.

Mr Adam expressed the greatest respect for many of the names subscribed to the petitions, and for many of the persons who were of the different committees. They were men of the greatest rank, the Sweated property, and the greatest abilities. No intentional danger to the constitution could be attributed to such men. But he could not carry his deference to them to such excess, as to bind up his own understanding, and fetter his judgement. It became requisite, therefore, before he proceeded to the question, to eonfider how far the petitions w#re binding upon parliament. Many people say, that the petitions must be binding: but if you examine upon what ground any person, the greatest favourer of the people, makes that assertion, it is be-Cause he agrees in opinion with the

Jjrayet of those petitions. But let us uppose, that those petitions went farther than any person in this.house thinks they ought to go, to alterations in the eonftitution that we are all agreed in

thinking detrimental: should we not al) agsee, that such a petition would ootv ought not to bind the House ? If that; is the case, we ought to hear no more of that argument so derogatory to the in? dependence of this House, that this, that, and t’other thing, must be done, because it is required by the people in their petitions, but ought to difcufscach question upon its special merits.

He then came to the motion, and laid, it naturally divided itself into two heads; to address the crown not to prorogue the present fession, or to dissolve the present parliament. With respect to prorogation, he was well aware there were many instances of such motions: but with respect to dissolution, not knowing what the motion was to be, he had bad not an opportunity of examining the journals as to the precedents; but he believed it was the first instance of such a motion; and he was confirmed in that opinion, by the Hon. Gentleman who made the motion not taking notice of any precedent. It was hardly to be supposed, that a person so learned in the parliamentary, as well as the municipal law of the kingdom, would have passed it over, if there had been any such. As to the case of 1641, which made the long parliament, he did not conceive it to be at all applicable to the present purpose. The circumstances of passing that act were so remarkable, that it. was impossible to forget it. It was carried to the King for the Royal assent along with the bill of attainder of Lord Strafford; and Charles is supposed to have been so much occupied with the cruel necessity of giving his alTent to that bill, that the other palfed unnoticed. But they differ in this respect: In 1641, it was a bill, this is an address. And they further differ, that the septennial aft extinguish* es this parliament at the end of seven years; at that time no fixed duration being appointed for parliament, that act rendered it perpetual, that is, gave it existence till the grievances of the people were redressed, while these grievances were in the creation of those who pro-, moted the bill. But he did not mean to argue, that because there was no precedent for addressing the crown not to dif-solve the parliament, that therefore we have not a right so to address the crown, That right is one of those that be ever would maintain in this House. Hut the motion was to be adopted with greater

caution.

June* 1780. Parliatnedt: On prorogation or dU&latioif. 31 c

caution, on account of its being unprecedented.

3ut it is necessary to con fider what the consequence of this motion is to be. If you are to redress the abuses complained* of, it must be done by bill; if that bill is rejected either in this House or the other House, it is impossible, according to the law of parliament, to bring that bill back again during the fame fession; and therefore no good can arise from it. And it is probable that the fame parliament that rejeAs the bill thi9 fession, will reject the fame bill next fession.

In aqueition that relates to parliament fitting to redress grievances, we should know the extent of them. The petitions were simple and intelligible, but the explanation given of them amounted to a total change in the constitution. — The petitions prayed for three things} an abolition of unmerited penGons, of useless fmecures, and of the exorbitant emoluments of necessary offices. And this they pray for in order to attain the reduction of influence, and the promoting (economy. But as these petitions are explained by saying, they pray for. a free parliament, every species of alteration of the constitution, dangerous, and perhaps destruAive to the happiness of the people, is brought under this head. Annual parliaments, and an increased representation, were already proposed; and if we were to form a calculation of the strides that reformation had taken from the flrlt York meeting [50.] to the last meeting in Weft mi niter* hall [171.3, it would be difficult to say, to what lengths we might go in innovating upon aconsti-tution, in which civil and political liberty was more extended, was more complete, than it ever had been in any age or any country. That the liberty of antiquity was narrow and confined when compared with that of this country. In the republics of ancient times, a few individuals enjoyed perfect freedom, while the great bulk of mankind were the absolute Haves and property of those few. Here slavery was unknown, and a complete enjoyment of every valuable right, of every bJefling society can bestow, was extended to eight millions of people, unimpaired and unencroached upon. Was it a matter of small importance to agree to a motion that might impair this glorious system? Had any infringement been made upon the great bulwark# of our liberty, which demanded such an al-. terationf External grievances had ta-

ken place; and the Noble Lord below him [Nugent] had given an epithet to' the war, which sufficiently described the extent of those calamities. Butwas.it wife, was it just, was it reasonable, to new-model the constitution, and run & risk of destroying what our ancestors bad handed down to us as the first of blcf-sings i to make internal changes, be* cause we had external grievances to com* plain off Was it to be supposed, that an increased representation* or annual parliaments, would ease us of the necessary taxes, diminish the burthen of the national debt, or bring about that safe and honourable peace, which we must all agree in wishing to fee accom* plished f

He then went into the subject of tests* as they had been spoken of, and propo* fed, at some of the public meetings; fta* ted their unconditional tendency *, laid, that he had always entertained the mofc perfeA conviction, that an obligation to obey the instructions of cooftituents* was unconditional *. This being the case, he reprobated the idea of teds, as being still more destruAive of the free* dom of parliament. The very essence of parliament was the power of delibera* tion; and the House should be equally jealous, and equally averse to every thing that destroyed that privilege. Its conl'equences were equally detrimental, whether it flowed from the undue in* fluence of the crown, or the undue in* fluence of the democracy. It was the business of every man who loved the constitution, to reprobate every test that fettered parliamentary freedom. [Here MrTownshend said across the House* " there are no such tests."] Mr Adaia took up that afiertion with great anima* tion. Docs the Hon. Gentleman mean to assert, that no such thing was talked ever of i does he mean to say, that no meeting has ever dilcufled the idea, and approved of it ? And if we are to judge of the spirit of reformation, of the rapid progref* it is making, in time to come* by what has already pa fled, will it be at all fnrprifing to find the spirit of thu constitution destroyed, the liberty of parliament annihilated, and a wild democracy controuling in every instance the wisdom of the legislature? The best, the wisest men, when they attempt a reformation, can never tell how far it i&to

[Sec Mr Buike [jS. SSI*] on this subject. J H r a go.

3i 6 Parikment: On {Prorogation or difToIution? Vol.qtl

go. The history o all ages evinces, that reformers have always exceeded their original designs. It becomes necelfhry, therefore, that the learned gentleman ttho made the motion, should tell the House what he means to do: he (hews its that many things must be done, and We are to be led on step by step, without previous information, to alter a constitution which has made us so long free and happy. If they find fault with the present system, they must have fame other more complete, and better calculated to preserve or promote the freedom which they wish to establish. That system should be unfolded, that we may judge of its excellence*, or its defeat? and not be led blindfold to adopt mea-ibres, that, beginning in anarchy, must end in despotHra. It is not that f impute an intention to produce those evils to any one. He agreed with the Hon* Gentleman who (econded the motion,. [Mr Pitt], that you could not say to the people, Thus far shalt thou go, and no farther.*1 Tt was upon that principle he wished to avert an appeal to that quarter: The madness of popular reformation had never failed to deprive those of poster who wish to check it, and to place it in the hands of those whose desperate fit u at ion makes them rejoice in changes. Those who wish to carry innovation to a certain length, will find, that their withdrawing themselves when it exceeds that limit, will be of no avail. — He agreed perfectly with an Hon. Gentleman, who spoke of the virtues of the last century, in the reign of Charles I. in all the language of pane* gyric. If ever there was a time in which human nature displayed a preeminence of virtue and capacity, it was upon the breaking out of the troubles of that period. But the history of that period prbves the dangerof innovation, when begun, even from the most powerful reasons, and the most upright motives. In the beginning of that unfortunate prince’s reign, every dangerous encroachment bad been made in the political and civil liberty of the country. The property* even the life, of the individual, was hardly safe. It became the great, the virtuous characters of those days, to maintain their freedom, and to check the encroachments of a mistaken monarch. Yet the virtues, the abilities, of those times, were not able to stop the wild spirit of reformation when it had once gotioofe. The eminent characters that

Withdrew themselves from the popular cause when it had gone too far, in sails attempted to re-establish the confutation. They had allowed the defpqrate* the needy, and the unprincipled, to fig them selves in power, beyond the poffi-biiity of controul. Then it was, that the amiable, the virtuous, the enlightened motives of Lord Falkland were of no avail; then it was, that Lord Northumberland, Lord Manchester, and the Earl of Cflex himself, in vain relin-quished the party whose power they had too fatally established. And what was the consequence of that fatal spirit i The person who got the power, firtt voted one part of the other House useless, then voted the whole of it unnecessary. Armed men were brought into the lobby, to detain those members in custody who were likely to have voted against those violent resolutions. At last, the only remaining part of the cooftitution,-which indeed was so garbled, that it was hardly valuable, was dissolved. And how was this effected ? Three file of mufqueteers were brought within that House. The mace was taken from the table. And when this violent step was opposedby a young man of considerable-fashion, or great abilities,* of remarkable eloquence, whole quickness of concept tron enabled bhxr to seize every advantage for his party, whose pre-eminence' was great when the Protector’s political existenee had not begun, upon whole shoulders Cromwell rose to power; when this perfbo opposed the diflokition of the House, Cromwell feiaed him by ther cloak, and in the ludicrous language of those times said, " Qh ! Sir Harry Vane ! Sir Harry Vane! the Lord deliver me* from Sir Hairy Vane.’’ Thus did he take the mace from that table,- and efta-Wish the most oppressive and arbitrary* despotism that ever cursed a country.* Mr Adam said, he thanked* God there was a great difference between those-times and these; that then encroachments on the liberties of mankind in-' duced the greatest and most virtuous to seek redress, while at present the liberties of the people remained unimpaired. But, he said,. all attempts to appeal to the people were dangerous. He never heard of, nor ever saw an intention -of making use of that dangerous instrumcnV without recollecting the emphatic words of an illultrious author, who wrote a-' bout the period of which he had been*

speaking*

Janeiro Parliament: Oo prorogation or difiohitioti. $tf

freaking. In describing youth# he lays, 44 *Tovth grasp* more than it can hold, fire more than it can qftiet, and flies to the cod without considering the means." He wished those who appealed to the people! and made them the instrument of reformation and change, might not grasp more than they can hold. Stir more than they can quiet, and fly to the end without considering the means.

Mr Adam theu begged leave to recti the house to the question. The present motion, be find, it carried, implied, that parliament must agree to whatever Should be let forth in petition* as necessary to he done: without Supposing parliament was to do so, the motion w» unnecessary and nugatory; therefore parliament sit be supposed by implication to be obliged to redrefii what are, or what are Oiled abofes: A doctrine So ruinous, so Mconstitutional, that he neve* could febferibe to it; and trusted that the House would not give its affertt to stich a principle, by adopting the prefeot motion.

Mr Fox speke next. He Said, the

House had Solemnly pledged themselves to detroy that baneful- influence which undermine* the liberty of the country: toleSs they agreed to the motion, they betrayed the people, by leaving it in the power of the minister to prorogue or Moire the parliament before the means of/edrds are applied. If the motion ftould pals, though it did not bind the crown, there Still remained in the executive power the ability to dissolve the par-Kament, or prorogue the present session: yet, he believed no minister would be So raft, or so wicked, as to advise his Majesty to dissolve the parliament, when that House had addressed him not to do k. He trailed there was vet enough of weight and of power in that House, fluke good its own resolutions, and to carry them into effect; that the respect »which the executive power held its advice, was too great to admit of a con-dad contrary to its wishes, properly and humbly expressed. He then alluded in the mcdt glowing expressions of rhetoric ‘to the situation of the country, and said, that upon the fete of the present question depended, whether this constitution, which had been the glory and pride of tie world, was to- remain- the boast of mankind; or whether Englishmen were again to Sight for their liberties, were a-pm to Ufcc the field m oppositioa to ar-

bitrary power; and whether the days of anarchy and despotism, which the Horn Gentleman had gone over, were to recur, and after a Scene as mort fying as that Struggle had taken place, a restoration was to follow upon those abject terms of servility and meanness, which was perhaps more disgraceful to this country than the seene that preceded it on bringing back Charles II. without terms or Stipulation.

The Hon. Gentleman, be observed, bad Said, that the motion supposed a no-ceifity on parliament, implicitly to comply with what the petitions required and that either House of Parliament, by refusing bills offered for the redress of abuses, might prevent any advantage front the motion being carried. The motion, he Said, was, to address the King, not to prorogue the' fession, or dissolve the parliament, till measures were taken to redress the abuses complained of: did the taking of some measures oblige parliament to do any thing that was improper? Must not some measure be taken to comply with the petitions I and was it nob necessary, if they meant to.grant the people their just requests, to keep parliament Sitting till that was done? And though bills might be refuted, in either House, was it not possible to redress abuses by other means than by a bill i Might not that house, for instance, address his Majesty, to instruct his ministers, not to give a contract to a member of parliament [1S8.] I and would it nut be a matter that the executive power would hardly ebufe to deny upon an address of that House ? The grievances of the people would be beard, ought to be heard, nay must be heard.

The Hou. Gentleman had talked of tests to members of parliament being unconstitutional. Though they had been talked of, Mr Fox said, they had not been adopted but in three places, Yorkshire [ai8.]t Middlesex [218.], and the city of Westminster [174.], [Sir Joseph Mawbey said, " and Surry.Vj. — Well* then, four places have agreed to tells* But, continued he, suppose them general, is it remarkable, that those who are go- ing to vote for members of parliament Should be desirous of knowing the sentiments of the person they are tocledt, upon any particular and important subject that is to come under parliamentary dif-cuSTion i A test is only a means to come at the opinions of those we are to chufcw

3t$ Parliament t On prorogation or diflblution. VoK 4

He took notice of the rejection of the tontrad'bill, by the Lords [188.]: did not every part of that business shew, laid he, that ministerial influence had inter* fered? that the rejection was carried, contrary to the sense of the majority of hereditary and independent Peers, by the Scotch Lords and the bench of Bi-(hops? Gentlemen argued about the right of the House of Lords. They bad a right: but would they dare to countered the wilshes of the people in matters in which they themselves had no concern? — He concluded, that the motion was so material for what the House had pledged itself to, that he could not believe it would be rejected. b The Lord Advocate opposed the motion. The contract*bill, he said, was a ridiculous bill, brought in merely to fcourt popularity, and with a view to favour with the mob. [Here he was called to order by Mr Townshend]. He rose again, and said, he could not but think it a little unfair, to be debarred from speaking of a mere abortion with some little freedom, when he, from day to day, heard alts of the legislature, alts now in full force, reprobated without mercy. He saw no reason why the strangled child should be more gently bandied, than the maturer offspring of the legislature. He paid the highest compliments to the Lord Chancellor, for his conduit respecting the bill; declaring, that it well became a man of his manly mind, of his majeilic foul, of his solid judgement and excellent understanding, to alt exactly as he had done respecting it. That Noble and Learned Lord, he was sure, would always treat nonsense so whenever it came into his hands. He would neither court one side nor the other; neither dread popular relentment, nor be influenced by ministerial favour; but would.walkltrait forward, and do his duty as became a British Peer in parliament. He reprobated the motion, which he ludicrously termed a recruiting officer, sent out by opposition to beat up for grievances and enlist motions!

Gen. Conway fu'pported the motion warmly.

Ld George Germain spoke against the question, as a mode of interfering with the prerogative of the crown, neither warranted by proof of its being necessary, nor supported on any grounds of good argument. His Lordship defended the conduit of the other House, and quoted.

as a case in point to their conduit respelling the contract-bill, a Peerage-bill sent down by them to the Commons, which the Commons reje&ed as an attempt to alter the constitution, which they at the time declared the Lords had no right to meddle with. His Lordship argued upon the rights of the House of Commons, describing its power over the purse of the people as sufficient to answer every end the Commons were constitutionally meant to have at their will and pleasure*.

Col. Barrl made an animated reply, Rating two extraits, the one from the parliament-roll of Edward III. in which that prince called a parliament exprefely to hear and redrefii the grievances of the people, and for do other purpose; The Colonel laid, he took his extrait fro a* Lord Somers’s remark on the passage j which remark he read to the House: the amount of it was, the learned Lord’s declaration, that the passage struck him so forcibly, that be wished it possible to have had it transcribed with a fun-beam 1 The other extra# the Colonel read, was from an old Latio book, in titled, nendo parliamtnun; and lUted, that if 4

King dissolved or prorogued bin parlis-r roent while one petition of the people, complaining of grievances, remained uaredrefled, that King was perjured.

Upon a division the motion was rejelt-cd; Ayes 203, Noes 254.

Mr Dunning moved, that his committee should be adjourned to Monday next.

Mr Fox said, he wished he had adjourned it for ever; for the House had that day completely rejeHedtbe petitions of the people, and had faifified and broken their words with them: that they had violated their faith, and refeinded the resolution of the 6th of April.

Ld North laid, there was yet time for deliberation, and for business; sod though a majority had rejelted the motion of today, the House might be very seriously inclined to attend to the prayers of the petitions.

Mr Fox said, they muR leave the House, if those members, who, after having declared that the influence of the crown ought to be diminished, had voted against every meafu?e that tended to that cttelt, did not themselves propose mca-sures; which he thought they were pledged to do, and which he lrqfted they would.

HE*

June 1,780. POET I C AL ESSAYS. 319

Heroic epistle from bradihaw,

in the fades, to John Dunning,

PRtdc of the wond’ring bar! whose potent art

Can guide the judgement, or tmflead the heart} Prince of Chicane ! deep vers'd in ev'ry wile To circumvent a judge, and mob* beguile; 'Whom crouded senates fondly lift'ning hear, While kings themselves thy declamation fear; Tbce Brans haw hail*,—his trued, dearest son.

And bids thee dutch the palm which once be won.

What boots it, Dunning ! with unceasing toil.

To rack thy brain, and wade thy midnight-oil; To dore tby mind with learning's dull parade. And all the tafteleft jargon of the trade.

If opt some object thou afpir'd to gain.

To crown thy labours, and reward thy pain ? Various the points to which Ambition tends. And-hard the druggie which in Greatness ends 5 But when Success has crown'd our bold efiay. When Fortune leads us on, and points the way, Labour grows pleafaot. Disappointment flies, And Exultation joys tofoatch the prise.

Such as thou now art, Dunning, I was once! Sought by each client, dreaded by each dunce; Nurs'd in the lumber of the legal ichool,

I I earn'd the art to make mankind my tool: Thence, dep by step, to eminence I rose, Shifted the {bale of judice as 1 chose,

'Till lad, difdatning meaner paths, I turn'd To politics, and as a patriot burn’d:

Slave to dominion, tyrant in my foul,

I felt my meanness, yet defpis’d controul $ Too proud my rightful sovereign’s pow'r to own.

With savage hand I pluck'd him from his throne.

As a foul felon, dar'd my King to tty,

And judg'd anointed Majesty to die.

Ou thee Democracy now call* for aid,

Pants to behold her flag again displayed.

And marks in thee another Bradshaw rife. With royal sacrifice to fcaft her eyes.

Hail the glad moment, Dunning i spread the fail.

And catch, while yet it blows, the fav’ting gale:

Fame greater far than mine the deed dull crown.

And band to codlcfs ages tby renown.

Bradshaw, n lawyer, was r ho fen tf the Court of Justice of the trial of Charles I.

ven according to the principles which, a

tuation, be was perhaps obliged to his behaviour in general will appear not a and barbarous; but when we consider him as a and

One too of no high ebarafter, eddreffing to his

unfortunate Sovereign, his style will be ejteemed to the toft degree gudacioui and u u x.

What tho* my icntence doom'd my King bleed

Ch Ar,l es gave cause to justify the deed:

Illegal taxes drain'd the murm'ring land, Indignant senates heard his harsh command, <j Prerogative advaoc’d with dang'rous (hide,

And grasp'd dominion which the laws deny'd. Resistance then was just.—But when the throne Has fix’d the legal power like its own;

Has ne'er infring’d the rights of free debate,

Or rose despotic o'er a falling (late;

How greater far thine art! how worthier praise! With soft’ring breath the fainting flame u> raise;

To govern crouds obedient to thy call,

And fluke St James's, as I {hook Whitehall!

The iron is red hot, strike boldly now.

And tear the circle from the regal brow:

Pluck up each fence which guards the sacred And nip the bud of blooming Majesty. [tree. Let no remorse invade thy purpos’d mind.

But to one standard level all mankind.

Fix'd in a durance, and with faction loud. Inculcate maxims on the gaping croud.

Let dire Court-Influence in each period roll, 'Till boding terrors rack the hearer's foul. Swear, you alone your country can redeem,

And clothe with quaint device the glorious theme:

New-faogl’d modes of eloquence invent.

Where words supply the place of argument.

If wrong your premises, increase the ay In just proportion to the falsity:

Let abstra& proportions stun the ear.

Which strike at once, and free dilcuffioo fears And truths, iclf-evident, which (land aloof. Abhor debate, and dread the touch of proof: Then argue stoutly, every doubt remove,

And facts unproveable from pamphlets prove.

Methinks I fee thee rising in tby place.

Great Demagogue! — Epitome of Grace! Display thy stores of elegance and ease,

'Till thrice three hems thy captive voice release:

Made vocal now, it founds the fearful tale.

And runs thro' ev’ry note of Fa&ioo's icale. Like bit who erst, with love of glory warm. Bellow'd orations to (be gath’ring (torn),

Thy voice grows ftrooger from opposing found. While, ' Order!" Hear him!" thro’ the House re found:

There Gordon reprobates a Popi(h court. Here Luttxell weeps the loA of

Port;

Bu r x c's Fury blows ha horn, flukes Snowdons

base.

And moves old Coder Edris from his place;

Bar a r and Pitt to swell the concert join, And Bam ax a loudly calls his troops to dine; Laughters, uoheard< till now, complete the brawl —

Thy obligato voice surmounts them all!

Who is there, loft to ev’ty sense of flume, y?ho io superior vice has fix'd his fame

Ox

3*°

POETICAL ESSAYS

fit who, with empty par fir, hi* paffiom yet Pant* for the (lew, or (lake* the darling bet ? Theft are thy tools,—these not'd with dex* t'rout (kill.

Can raise a dorm obedient to thy will:

Poor servile puppets, fit for ev’ry ofe,

For treasons. Hots, votes, or foul abuse:

Most harmless in rhemselves, but, well apply'd, May (hake the basis of pride,

'With savage joy impel her headlong fate,

And, more than CATtx.1 n bs, destroy a (late.

But i* there one whom real virtue fires,

With purer thought* and more resin'd desires. With temper'd warmth, and manly spirit bold. Whole honed palm ne'er itch'd for sordid gold, Whom titled Honour damp* with judice great. Whom Fortune marks for influence in the date;

Whose nicer feeling* make him (hun a court. The mart of priociple, and knave’s resort;

But which alike redrain his cautious rread. From those mad schools where patriot boys are bred

If such there be, invite not him to join,— Deem him unfit for purpose* like thine.

He ne'er, to aid a democratic cause.

Will (loop to falsehood, or pervert the laws; He, nobly firm, will dem the boid’rous flood, And with Carmarthen plan his country’s good.

But thousands dill remain; the reign of Vice Has damp’d on ev'ry venal front its price:

Some pant for honours, some for riches cry, And some for indolence and pensions sigh;

Strike but with pladie hand the proper note. True to the touch, the nice*tun’d patriots vote; Pursue the charm, the mighty work is done.

And madness ends what headdrong seal begun.

F—X, whole drain'd coders no resource af-Who loll his all at Brookes’s magic board, [ford, Frantic beholds the fleeting moments fly.

And dreads the prospect of forurity.

Judgements, annuities, and bonds compose A terrible fom-tota) of his woes:

Chrrdians and Jews, a long expelling band,

In double file to seize the moment, dand:

A dissolution mud complete his fate.

And (hid his lodging to the grate:

For patriots, deady in the final led things.

Hate the King’s-bench, because jt is the King's.^ Him Fadion claims her own,—his pen, his tongue.

Ping ev'ry change, so oft by patriots rung.

End how it will, he dill mud be a winner, Secure election, and procure a dinner.

Great Poverty! 'tis thou compeM'd the deed $ *Tis fit the hungry senator should feed.

Tick up enough to pay the tavern’s (core.

And purchase freedom for /even winters more.

Behold another candidate for glory!

Not lef* recorded in Rebellion's dory:

He quits his flock, his duty, and his God,

And rules associations with his nod;

Vflt.4*:

A fecood Horns, he graljp the wreath of Fame;

A second Horns, admiring crouds proclaim! May the fame fate attend the virtuous pair! The lame reward their wondrous worth do* dare!

Fame! fsrell thy loaded note, tdl iR the earth,

Fadion now gives a (ecoad favioar birth; Repeat the drain, let all her fons rejoice.

And hail great Wtvil [ids.] with exulting Son of a pen Goner, whole hoary bead [voice! Bows to the minider for daily bread;

A footman’s grandson now directs the date. While truckling Peers his high bcheds await.

Fain would my feeble pen attempt to raise Some lading monument to Norton’s praise: But ahi too ardnous and Aiblime I deeds So great, so good, so virtuous a theme:

Let him be herald of his own applause.

And boad himself the hero of the laws, [ago.] What tho’ Patrician riches he enjoys.

Places for life, and pensions for nis boys.

Thank left he grumbles, yet aspires at snore.

And bites that gen’rous hand he lick’d before. Proceed, great Speaker ! (lop the warm de* bate,

Thy moded worth and high prerenfions Pace: Produce thy witness to inforce thy tale, (fail. And /wear *tis true, when gentler methods E’en I, grown grey in infolenee, cry, Huih ! And my cheek reddens, which ne^er knew a While Satan finite* triumphantly to fee [bluftt t His own ingratitude reviv'd in thee.

Tho* worth like thine on earth be ill repaid. Here be allured, a difference will be made:

Here (halt thou flouriOi, here diced the beta*. The Lord Chief Justice of th* infernal realm.

Such are the tools thy glorious work to form. To sweep the billows, while thou rul'd the dorm t

Like wiods broke loose, all ©bdaeJes they brave,

Rulh o’er the plain, or swell the angry wave; Deform with rude condition Nature's face.

And with one ruin mark their direful trace t Their mighty ruler, thou ! with potent sway. To urge their fury, and direct their way.

Proceed then, Dunkirk; in thy bold ea~

Make Premiers tremble, and their Maders fear t For thee shall Fame her nobled wreath* entwine^ In Fadion'* temple foremoll (halt thou (hose. Some future Hume shall dignify thy paisa*.

And hang thee up in droog nidoric chains.

On a late Altercation. [*49.]

SI R Bui I face Double-lee, who firm for yean Drew with the Premier in his fouled gear*. Wanting more plunder from th* eihaufltd date,—

Deny'd, turns patriot with rancorous hate.

This, this i« all the roaring Patriots' aim.

Who to a man, if in, would ad the fame.

C. J, C. P*

June 1780. Affairs in England. 321

HISTORICAL AFFAIRS.

England. [473.]

Capt. Gotland arrived in London, A-prilap. from Calcutta, with dispatches for government, which he brought by sea to Baflbra, and from thence by land through Aleppo, Aha the Left, Constantinople, and Vienna. In his way from Baflora to Aleppo, being acccom-panied only by iix guards, a servant, and an interpreter, be was attacked three times by the wild Arabs; against whom he defended himself: but within a day’s journey of Aleppo he was surrounded by a hundred barbarous people called Rash-«Mr, by whom he was plundered of his money, doaths, and other effects. Capt. Gowland saved, however, his dispatches, by fitting upon them, and swearing that he would only surrender them with his life. The object of the dispatches is to bring the complaints both of the British and native inhabitants of Bengal against the supreme court of judicature. The EngHih law, in particular, of arrests and hail, is so totally contrary to the ideas of the people of the East, that it is regard* edby them as in the bigheft degree odious and oppressive. He brought an account of the loss of the Stafford, a company's fh ip, in Bengal river, with 80,0001. in specie aboard.

A petition to the King, or the legislature, is received, from the British inhabitants of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, signed by above 600 Whites, and a great number of Gentoos; Hating the various hardships the inhabitants have suffered since the introduction of the English laws amongst them [35. 318.;—36.167. ]; that not only is their property under former acquirements unfa ft* in their hands, but that a number of acts now made crimes, leave them in that state of ignorance and suspense that they know not what to do; — and therefore praying, to obtain a trial by jury in all cases where it is by law established in England ? to limit the retrospective powers of the fu-pretne court of judicature to the time of its establishment in Bengal; to define, beyond the power of diferctional distinction, the persons who are and who are not amenable to the jurisdiction of the coart; to declare what Itatutes shall, and what statutes shall not, be in force in Bengal; to appoint di/linft and separate judges for the law and equity Tides of the court; and to lodge a power of Vjl.XLII,

flaying executions in criminal cases, till his Majesty's pleasure be known, in the Governor-General and Council.

Advices from India mention a fire happening in the company’s warehouse in Bengal, by which thirteen lacks of raw (ilk were consumed. The fame advices give an account of the ceremony of inverting SirHeftor Munro with the ensigns of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, by the Nabob, and Military, at the Durbar near Madrass, Oft. 13. 1779. The ceremony was performed with all that Eastern magnificence to which European powers are ft rangers.

The Royal assent was given to the following bills.

Tothefe, by the King, June 19. viz.

An act fortaifing a certain fun of money,

by loans or exchequer bills, for the of the year 1780.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon certain goods imported into the ffie of Man; and better regulating the trade, and fthe revenues, of the said island.

An act to admit to an entry in this kingdom, under certain reflrtobacco imported not directly f rom the pi ice of its growth or produce, and for granting an -ditienal duty on such tobacco, during the prefetit hrJfiUties.

An act to explain an act of the last fion, " for augmenting the militia "and to

declare valid and effec the swearing-

in and inrolmtniof militia-men,

tutes, and volunteer s, cases where all the provisions of the several acts nmv in being relative thereto have not been and

to indemnify deputy-lieutenants, chief,

Jirates, andjujlii.es of the peace, for their proceedings therein respc; to declare valid and effectual the c

deputy-lieutenants, in the absence of the lieutenant of any county out of the kingdom^ to officers commanding volunteer companies; and to indemnify deputy-lieutenmts and officers who have granted or acted under such commissions; and to enlarge the powers cf deputy-lieutenants in certain

An act to repeal so much of an act 1$° Geo. III. ( for settling Buckingham

upon the Queen in lieu of S.nurset and for other purposes) as enables the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to apply the sums necessary for completing SomerfU

house out of the aids granted for naval fef-vices, or out of any of the revenues arising from the receipt of the everal offices to be

S f erected.

3*2 Affairs in England. Vo!. 42.

tretiedand established virtue of the /aid

att.

An act to continue an att 110 Gen.

" for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence law by arreflment and poinding, and for extending the privilege bills to notes, and for limiting attions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. " ([34. 281.3

To an act for employment of the poor of Mile-end, New Town, Middlesex, and to four private hills.

And to these, July 23. by commission.

An act to per nut goods, the produtt or manufacture of certain places -within the Levant or Mediterranean seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or foreign vefj'tls, from an y place

and for laying a duty on cotton and cottonwool imported into this kingdom, in foreign ships or vrjfels, for a limited

An act to indemnify such per fans ns have emitted to qualify themfoffices and

employments; and to of the peace, or others,who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those; and to in-

demnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough-towns, whofs -missions have been omitted to be according to law, or, having been /lamped, have been left or miflaidand /V allowing them time to provide admissions duly stumped; and to give further time lo such per font as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution, of indentures of clerks to attor-nsts and solicitots.

An act to allow the exportation of fions, goods,wares, and merchandize, from Great Britain, to certain towns, ports, or places, in North America, which are or may be under the protettion of his arms, and from such towns, ports, or places, to Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions.

An att for exempting the city of chester, the county o Southampton, the town of Shrewsbury, and the county of Set-

lop, out of the provisions of an att 8°

II. " for regulating the quartering of diets during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament/' f) far as the fame relates to the removal of troops during the e-\tttions of members to, serve ire parliament, for a limited time.

And to one private hill.

order of council of June a;*

the bounties to seamen or landmen who enter voluntarily to serve in the navy, and the rewards for discovering seamen who secrete themselves, are continued* from the 30th of June [i6j.] to the 30th of September.

A squadron, under the command of Com. Willingham, with the West India outward -bound fleet under convoy, failed from St Helen’s on the 8th of April; as did, about the same time, Adm* Greaves with another fauadron.

The Invincible was to have failed with one of those squadrons; but the men refused to go until they were paid their wages. Adm. Sir Thomas Pye sent Capts Balfour, Duncan, Nott, and Buckner, to persuade them to do their duty. But the men refused to go to sea till they were paid their wages, though they were not intitled, by the act of parliament for regulating the payment of wages in men of war, to demand payment till a full month after: they founded their claim on the Thunderer’s ship’s company having been paid a few days before, when exactly under the fame circumstances. Upon this the four captains seized four of the mutineers, who Teemed to be ringleaders, and carried them to the Admiral; by whom they were ordered into close confinement. Next morning, the Admiral directed Capt. Falconer, of the Invincible, to tell his ship’s company, that if they would go to sea, and promise to behave well, he would release the four men. But they would not agree. They behaved peaceably, obeying all the orders of their officers very readily, except that of putting to sea, which they absolutely refused, till the boats of the whole fleet were armed, and surrounded , the Invincible, and till Lord Longford’s ship the Alexander was warped alongside of her, and pointed her gnns to fire a broadside among them. Then their ob-ftinacy gave way, and they submitted to their officers, who were on board the whole time. A court-martial was held on the mutineers, April 28. two of them were sentenced to receive 500 tallies each; the rest were acquitted.

On the 8th of June failed from Spit-head the grand fleet, conlifting of three Blips of 100 guns each, five of 98, three of 90, one of 84, one of 80, nine of 74, one of 64, one of 36, three of 32, one of 28, a fireship, and several cutters, commanded by Adm. Francis Geary,

June 1780.

appointed commander in chief on the death of Sir Charles Hardy [28c.], the Vice-Admirals Barrington and Darby, and the Rear-Admirals Digby and Ross. Prince William continues to serve under Adm. Digby.

It is observed by a writer in the London papers, that the flaughteron board ships in action is principally caused by the splinters which fiy to a great extent on every fide when a ball enters through a ship’s fides. To prevent such (laughter, every ship in the French navy is lined within fide, as far as the lower deck, with a (trong dole netting, which catches or bangs the splinters; and it has been found, that in every action, many fewer are killed since, than before this netting was used. Some British privateers have already adopted this plan, and the writer hopes it will be adopted by the British navy.

" London, June ax. Certain advice is re-

ceived from Macao, a Portuguese settle-roent in the river Canton, of the arrival of the Resolution and Discovery in great distress, and in want of provisions. Upon the death of Capt. Cook, Capt. Clerke succeeded to the command of the two ships, and Lieut. Gore to be captain of the Discovery; but on the death of Capt. Clerke, a fatal misfortune to the world in general, and his friends in particular, Lieut. King succeeded to his place." [46.]

Notice w as given from the general pod-office, June 29. That * Charlestown being redored to the King’s pofilflion, the direct intercourse between G. Britain and the Southern provinces of North America through that town will be Renewed, and a packet-boat will fail every month from Falmouth as formerly; the first mail to be dispatched from that office on the jth of July.

On Sunday, July 4. the Earl of Surrey (the Duke of Norfolk’s son) and Sir Thomas Gascoygne read their recantation from the errors of the church of Rome before the Archbifimp of Canterbury, and received the iacranunt. They have since taken the oaths before Mr Baron Hotham. His Lord fit ip is candidate for Carlifie, and Sir Thomas for Beverley.

To the addresses from Ireland to the King formerly mentioned [216.J, we have to add, two in the London gazette of May 6. from the fiuriff and grand jury of the county of Monaghan, and

3*3

from the inhabitants of the borough of Newry; and one in the gazette of May 13. from the city of Corkc.

On the 10th of April, Reed a plaister-er, and Smith a coachman, fi-ntenced for iodomitical practices, were carried from the New Goal privately, in a hackney-coach (to save them from the mob), and set in the pillory at St Margaret’s-hill. The under-sheriffs, with their officers, and a great number of constables, attended. The unhappy wretches were, nevertheless, so severely pelted by the populace, that in half an hour Smith funk down; in which pofiiion he remained, till he appeared black in the face, the blood gushing from his ears; when he was taken out, and laid on the pillory. When carried hack to the gaol, a surgeon was sent for; but Smith was found to be dead; and Reed’s recovery was doubtful. On an inquisition taken, April ia. it appeared to the coroner and his jury, that Reed turning round fader than usual, and Smith being jud then seized with a giddiness and fainting from the extreme severity of the populace, loft the drength of his legs, and hung by his head. The jury’s verdict was, "Strangled in the pillory."—The Solicitor-General moved the court of king’s-bench* April ao. for an attachment against the under-sheriff, for his not preventing thii mischief. But Lord Mansfield, upon hearing the affidavits, said, they did not appear to prove any inattention in the underffieriff: so the affair was deferred till further inquiry should be made. — Can a country be said to be civilized where such barbarity is committed at mid day in the capital!

" London, April 19. It is a determi-

ned plan, that the convicts, in future, shall be employed on ffiore. The ground fixed on is between Cold-Bath Fields and Battle Bridge. Sixteen acres, including part of the dream called the are to be inclosed, and the water is to be increased from the pipes of the New River. The convicts are to be employed in sawing timber, making ropes, <Scc, for government service; and each convict is to have a separate cell." [38. 334, 615; —39. 344.]

Two persons, one a tradesman, theo-ther a sheriff’s officer, were brought before the court of kingVbench May 8. to receive sentence, for having some time ago arreded one of the domestics belong-S l a ing

Affairs in England#

314 Affairs in Cogland and Ireland. VoL 42.

ing to his Excellency Count de Welde-ren. Mr Justice Wilks, in a short speech, explained the nature of the offence, observing, how necessary it was strictly to adhere to the laws of nations; that the persons now before them, had been guilty of a very high offence against those laws, which called loudly for an exemplary pu-nishment; the judgement therefore of the court was, That the two persons be immediately taken into the custody of the marftial of the court, and be by him conducted to morrow, at any hour that may be appointed, to thedwelling-house of Count de Welderen, with a label fattened on each of their breasts denoting their offence; and that they dothen and there afle pardon of his Excellency for the crime by them committed; the plaintiff to be afterwards imprisoned for three months; and the (heiiff’s officer to pay a fine of 301. and be committed till he pay the same. [51.]

On Saturday, April 15. on atrial at bar in the court of kingVbench, the will of the late Duke of Kingtton, in favour of the present Countefsdowager of Bristol, was established. [38. 389.]

At Nottingham assizes in April a marriage between a young man 17, and a woman of 22, was dissolved, because contrary to act of parliament, i. e. without consent of parents or guardians.

On the 12th of May a cause was tried before Lord Mansfield, a young lady of Brompton plaintiff, and a painter of London, defendant, for breach of a promise of marriage. After hearing counki, the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with 3001. damages, and costs of suit.

1 a E LAND. [221.]

On the 19th of April Mr Grattan made a motion in the House of Commons for k declaration of right. He said, ft becomes the Commons of Ireland this day to lift up their hands against the oppression of F.rglish laws, by a declaration of right. The people call upon the Commons, as the guardians of public liberty, and conservators of their rights. Commerce, indeed, wc have got from England, but not confritutien ! The very manner in which they have given that commerce, by aferibing it to expediency 1o give us trade, shews the absolute ne-ceflity of a declaration on our part. A trade so circumstanced, is a trade but rot de jure.

It may be alkdged, that the time is

inopportune, while G. Britain is erabarraffed. I insist, for that very reason, the time is now the only one to speak to her, while (he smarts under the effects of the American war, which her wild fehemes of parliamentary supremacy has brought on, and which ideal supremacy (he has given up to America[299.]; while her enemies are unnumbered, her councils dif-tra&ed, without a minister, without an admiral of consequence, or a general that (he has uofdifgraced. Why, it may be asked, did not the Commons of Ireland make their claim before ? Because Ireland had no Commons before in whom the nation confided. A spirit ia raised; the nation is in arms, inspired with a martial and a constitutional spirit. You cannot, you dare not, deny the caH of your constituents; it is not the command of a Buckingham, a North, or an HilUborough, but of — God

You asked a free trade, and received it with joy: it was the rapture of a beggar receiving more alms than he expected, not the joy of a man receiving his just right, you may export bales of drapery, yards of frize, and ells of bays; but freedom is denied to you. The foundation of the temple of Liberty cannot be laid, and you are but a provincial assembly, without the privileges of a charter. But let us hear what Great Britain fays on this great subject. [Here he read the declaratory act [36.456.] 6° Geo. I.]. I now appeal, continued he, to the gentlemen of the long robe, to the judges, and to the justices of the peace, whether they do not execute Eng-iifti laws, and trample on the charter of our land? Are you, the Commons of Ireland, then afraid, with three millions of people at your back, to tell the parliament of England,—you are a parliament ? Is the government of this kingdom to continue only with the general opinion; ami will the volunteer army of Ireland be satisfied by a government of connivance

Eighteen counties ask a modification of the law of Poynirg, and a declaration of right, from the misrepresentations of governors that loft America. Our governors oppoled our demanding a free trade, and now are throwing themselves on feme of the be ft men in this country, to ftipprtfs our further claims. I conjure those men, I conjure the country-gentlemen, not to give the final afient to the money-bills, until our constitution is secured.

Ireland;

June 1780* Affair* in Ireland and Scotland. 31$

Ireland, insultfed by England, is now determined to do justice to herself; there is no policy therefore left for England but an alliance for libery; and a new empire will arise from the ruins of the old, the expiring lamp of Liberty will again bum bright!

He then moved to resolve, " That the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons of Ireland, are the only power competent to bind, or enact laws in this kingdom.’'

' The Attorney General proposed to adjourn the question until the first day of September next; andassigned forreasons, if the resolution proposed should take place, it would militate against many English acts of parliament, which heretofore disposed of millions of acres in this kingdom; that almost every family in this country would be extreme sufferers, by having their titles invalidated to what they had long enjoyed as an hereditary right, and which would be liable to impeachment and forfeiture. At the same time he reprobated all English acts of parliament which should be attempted to be enforced in Ireland, without being recognised by the Irish legislature.

’ MefT. Forfter, Fitzgibbon, Flood, and the Provost, spoke against the motion; and MefT. Burgh, Yelverton, &c. for it.

The Provost pointed out various laws made once the reign of Henry II. tending to shew, that Ireland was a separate and distinct kingdom, not bounden by any legislature but her own; and deci-fionsby the judges of England, importing, that Ireland, having a distinct parliament, could not be taxed by the parliament of England, nor could any law of restraint be binding without the recognition of the Irish parliament; and that the rights of Ireland were so well founded, and known, that the declaratory resolution was needless. He added, that the resolution, if carried, would involve this country in new difficulties, and I>e an ungenerous return to G. Britain for her late commercial conceffious to this kingdom, when flie was struggling against the united powers of Bourbon and A-rr,erica, and seemed inclined to grant us every thing we could ask.

Mr Fitzgibbon having observed, that a similar resolution was entered into by the Commons of Ireland in 1641, Mr Burgh moved an amendment, viz. " That there being on the books a resolution similar to the one now moved, the confi-

deration of the fame be, for that reason, adjourned to the first day of September next."—The amendment was supported by the Provost, MefT. Flood, Fitzgibbon, Metge, Brownlow, Osborne, &c.; and opposed by Sir Richard Heron, the Attorney-General, Solicitor-General Carle-ton, Counsellor Browne, MefT. Forfter, Dennis Daly, &c.

At twenty minutes past fix on Thursday morning the question was put on the original motion; and the numbers were. Ayes 97, Noes 136.

Scotland. [279*]

The Lords justice-Clerk and Gardeir-fton went the southern circuit last spring, the Lords Karnes and Kennet the northern, and the Lords Hailes and Brax-field the western.—At Air, Margaret Colquhoun, accused of childmurder, was fugitated for non-appearance; and the trial of Matthew Hay, farmer in Holmes of Dundonald, accused of murder by poison, was put off, on account of Lord Gardenfton, one of the judges, being taken suddenly ill the evening before, and the trial being expected to be long. — At Dumfries, Adam John-fton, innkeeper, who acted as deputy-postmaster at Moffat, was to have been tried, on an accusation ofabftracting letters and packets, containing bank-notes, in the course of his business as postma-fter: but some of the most material witnesses being out of the kingdom, the trial was put off. — At Perth, James Martin, late poftrunner with the by-bag between Montrose and Brechin, and letter-carrier at Brechin, was tried on an indictment for secreting and embezzling letters; particularly, one containing a five-pound bank note, and a power of attorney, keeping the bank-note, and destroying the letter and power of attorney; another letter, addressed to a soldier, containing a half-guinea in gold, sent him by bib wife in England; and a third, wrote by a soldier at Brechin to the trumpet-major at Montrose, enquiring about the letter with the half-guinea. The jury found the last article proven, and the first and second articles not proven. He was sentenced to suffer a month's imprisonment, and then to be whipt through Perth, bareheaded, having a label on his breast expressive ct hiscrime, For betraying trust, by secreting a letter committed to hij charge as post-runner or letter-carrier.'" — These

wtre

3*6 Affairs in Scotland. Vol. 42.'

Vrere the most remarkable cases before could now be observed; and be being our spring circuit-courts. possessed of three ploughgates of land,

On the 10th of May were executed, valued at 130I. Scot9, was fully quali-at Edinburgh, David Dalgeifli, for a fied in terras of that act. The justices robbery, committed on the ift of Fe- repelled the defences pleaded for Mr bruary last, at Fountainbridge, near E- Smith, in respect that his three plough-dinburgh, and William Donaldson, a gates of land, valued at 1301. Scots, soldier in the 31st foot, for breaking in- were not a sufficient qualification for any to (hops in Edinburgh, and taking goods person to kill game* or have it in their

thence.----- William Dalgleifh,a younger possession, by virtue of the laws and adU

brother of David, was a Aidant in the of parliament in Scotland, referred to in robbery, and received sentence of death, the said act 130 Geo. III.; and in respect but was recommended to mercy by the Mr Smith acknowledged that he killed, jury, on account of his youth, and be- and had in his possession, hares within ing under the influence of his elder bro- the space of six months from the date of ther; and he received a pardon, on con- the complaint, therefore they fined him

dition of serving either in the army or in 20 s. Sterling.--- An appeal wasta-

na*y» ken against this sentence to the then en-

On the 27th of June a cause upon the suing circuit-court at Air, and the que-game-laws was determined by the high ftion appearing to the judge on the cir-court of judiciary.—John Kelly, game- cuit of importance, he certified to the keeper at Blair, in the county of Air, high court of judiciary at Edinburgh, brought a complaint, in Augud 1779, The matter was argued before that court before the judices of peace of that coun- upon the nth of March lad, and their ty, against John Smith of Swineridgemuir, Lordships ordered parties procurators libelling upon the statiite 130 Geo. III. to give in informations. Learned infor-which enadis, That every person what- mations respecting the game-laws of this {otvtr not qualified to kill game in Scot- country were accordingly laid before the land, who shall have in his or their cu- court; upon advising whereof, their stody, or carry, at any time in the year, Lordships unanimously " found. That, upon any pretence whatever, any hares, by the common law of Scotland, all men partridges, pheasants, moor-fowl, tarma- had right and privilege of the game on gan, heath-fowl, fiiipe, or quail, with- their own estates or property: That, by out the leave or order of a person quali- the act 1621, this right and privilege, or fied to kill game in Scotland, for carry- qualification, was confined to person# ing such hares or other game, and for who had a ploughgate of land, or more, having the fame in his or their custody, in property: That the act 1685 ratified lie shall, for the fiift offence, forfeit and and confirmed the general rule laid down pay the sum of twenty shillings, and for in the said act 1621, but introduced anew every other subsequent offence the Turn regulation respecting the particular mode of thirty shillings Sterling [35.449.];" of hunting with fowling-pieces and set-and fubl'uming, That the said John Smith ting-dogs,underan exception tethofepof-had transgrefied the said datute, and was felled of 10001. Scots of valuation, and ha-therel'ore liable in the penalties and for- ving licence from the maders of the game: feitures thereof, Mr Smith appeared he- Found, That no evidence had been laid fore the justices, and contended, That before the court of the said regulation the act 130 Geo. 1II. libelled on, bears and exemption ever having been in Dereference to some prior act of parliament fervance since the Union, and that they fixing the qualification: That the only are now in desuetude: Found, That the two acts respecting qualifications were appellant having more than a plough-the act 1621 and the act 1685: That the gate of land in property, had a right, lad of thefeadts, which establishes 1 cool, and was qualified, to hunt, by the law Scots valued rent as the qualification, of Scotland, subject to all legal regula-rannot now be in force, as there is an- tions of the game: Found, That he was other requisite in that act to intitle a man not liable to the fines imposed by the act to this privilege, viz. a licence from the of the 13th year of his present Majesty; Mailers of the Game, which cannot now and therefore they reversed the decree be obtained, as that office no longer ex- of the justices of the peace, appealed jfts: That the act 1621, which establish- from; but, in respect of the circum-es a ploughgate of land as the qualifica- fiances of the case, found do expences tion, was therefore the only rule which due."

Con-

June 17S0. Proceedings of the general assembly. 327

Conchefton of the difeably-proceedings. [177.]

Two overtures were taken under consideration May 31: — one from the fy-nod of Fife, viz. " Whereas it is ez-pressly enjoined in scripture, that ministers should give themselves wholly to the

business of their sacred function, and be instant in season and out of lea [on in the discharge of it; as it is likewise required, by divers (landing laws of this church, that they should avoid engaging in employments that might distract them from the duties of their charge; notwithstanding which there are already in-dances, and, if a timely check be not given to the practice, there may soon be more, of persons holding at the same time the office of professor in an university with that of minister in a parish; by which means they must not only lose much of that time which ought to be employed in preparing for the pulpit, but may often be so taken up in attending upon their claflfcs in the college, as to pretent them from visiting the lick, and performing the other very necessary, though more private parts of the mini-fterial work i — Whereas also it hath been always understood to be a rule of this church, that it ought not to be permitted to clergymen to hold a plurality of benefices, that is to say, that no minister should be possessed of an office that gives him the care of fopls excepting in the particular congregation of which he is appointed over Jeer yet of late it has become a frequent practice, for ministers to accept of chaptainfies of regiments, and of the garrisons in castles, not situ-afed within the bounds of their own parities, the duty of which they cannot personalfy perform without absenting themselves from the flocks of which they have formerly and in the moll solemn manner undertaken the charge [26. 289.; —38- 34*. J-40. 391— 4*. *95> 34*.] *, so tha£ they must be under the necessity of neglecting the important {'millions belonging to one or other of Their offices of parochial ministers or of chaplains: — it is overtured, That the general a trembly should take such methods as to their wisdom shall seem meet for properly rc-straining the former, and for absolutely prohibiting the latter of the above-mentioned practices, and also in general for preventing ministers from engaging in any employments that may divert them from the proper duties of ^heir sacred

function; which as they cannot well be reconciled to the engagements that ministers have come under at their ordination, may prove of most dangerous consequence to the interest of religion, and to the fouls of men committed to their trust." This overture the synod unani-mously agreed to tranl'mit to the aflecn-bly.

The other overture was from the synod of Perth and Stirling, viz. " Whereas plurality of benefices with cure is contrary to the constitution, as well as to the (landing laws, of this church, and yet of late many ministers have accepted, and hold offices inconfillent with that attention which at their ordination they become bound to pay to the edification of the people under their charge; and such as have been nominated chaplains to regiments, without doing any duty at all, receive that allowance and pay which is designed a3 the encouragement of those who, by attending their respective regiments, promote the knowledge of the principles of religion among soldiers, who have scarce any other means ofinflrudion in their power; therefore the synod humbly overture to the ensuing general assembly, that they would take some effectual measures for remedying an evil so justly complained of, and preventing the like practices in time coming.*

On report of a committee to whom these overtures were referred, the assembly agreed to difinifs them.

The presbytery of Lochmaben found, that it was not competent for Dr John Walker, minister at Mofrat, to hold at the same time the kirk of Moffat and the professorship of Natural History in the university of Edinburgh; but the synod. of Dumfries reversed that sentence.

The synod of Merfc and Teviotdale, having taken under consideration the situation of the public funds of the church, formedseveral refutations, which they submitted to the assembly by way of overture among which were these ? That for relieving the church of debt, and improving its funds, proper attention to ceconomy was necessary, by abolishing unnecessary offices, and dimi-nifiiing the salaries of offices, which, though necessary, have too high appointments: That the offices of Procurator and Agent for the Church, the Church-Agent at London, and the two Sub-clerks to the General Assembly, are

not

328 Proceedings of the general assembly. ' VOL42.'

not necessary for the public service, ought to be abolished, and their Hilaries applied to the improvement of the funds: and, That the offices of Cashier to the Royal Bounty and Clerk to the General AflTembly ought to be united; and that the office ought to be held by a clergyman, with a salary not exceeding 501.— [P. S.] This overture was taken in on the ift of June. The assembly found, that no member of the fvnod, who is not a member of assembly, could be heard on the subject; and the original grant for 5001. for defraying the public charges of the church, &c. f and the report by the Barons of Exchequer to the Lord High Treasurer thereanent *, were produced, and read. The assembly, after reasoning, dismissed the overture.

Immediately after dismissing this overture, a motion having been made, That as inconveniencies attend the Procurator’s holding his office during pleasure, and as the Clerks and Agent of the church hold their places vitam aut -paw, the assembly (liquid now enact. That the Procurator should henceforth hold his office ad vitam aut , wkh

all its rights and privileges expressed in terms of his first appointment: and this motion was unanimoudy agreed to.— Our readers have seen [8. 246.1 how the words during pie'fare came to be inserted in the grant of the offices of Procurator and Principal Clerk.

This day was likewise taken in a report of a committee, which has continued foine years, to collect translations from the sacred scriptures for the improvement of the public psalmody; bearing, that they had made considerable progress, but expect it will be in their power, if continued, to enlarge the col-hdlion already made, by new translations, and to make improvements upon those already transmitted; it is therefore proposed, that the assembly continue the committee, and authorise them to cause the coiledtion, when completed, to be printed, and copies of it transmitted to each presbytery, that members may make observations on it, and be able to judge, whether it ought to be used in the public worfnip of the church, and receive the sanction of Home future assembly.— The assembly renewed the committee, adding to it fix ministers and three elders; and recommended to them to con-[+ See the fc notes, p. 319, 30 ]

tinue their diligence, and, if possible, have a fair copy of the coiledtion ready for the review of next assembly.

The accounts of the procurator, a-gent, printer, and (tationer, were ordered, June 3. to be paid; but the office of flationer was abolished; the principal clerk was authorised, to fumiffi himself, and the other gentlemen intitled, with llationery articles, and to give in his accounts annually to the assembly: and the article of Psalm-books was found unnecessary, and prohibited for the future.

A petition of Mr James Lawson ftu-dent in divinity, was taken under conlt-deration on Tuesday May 30. It set forth. That in consequence of the judgement of the preceding assembly [[41. a8jJ, the presbytery of Auchtemrder, Feb, a. 1780, prefenbed to him a homily on Matth. ix. 13.; which he delivered on the 4th of April; upon which, however, the presbytery did not give judgement; but appointed him a le&urc from Pf. cxix. 153.—161.: That he delivered the lecture on the 25th of April; and the presbytery, without giving judgement on the lecture, prescribed Phil. i. xa. for an exercise and addition: and That the presbytery’s not giving judgement upon each piece of trial before preferi-bing another, being contrary to the established practice, Mr Lawson appealed to the assembly. — On a motion by Mr Lawson’s counsel, May 30. and the consent of the presbytery, the assembly remitted to a committee to meet with the parties, with a view to an amicable compromise. — On report of whom, June 2. the assembly remitted to the presbytery to proceed to the remainder of Mr La wfon's trials, to finish the lame, and pronounce their final judgement thereon between and the first Wednesday of May next; and enjoined the pres-bytery, in case they should fee cause to reject all or any part of the trials, to specify the particular discourse or discourses to which they objected, or the defects on which they founded such feo -tence of rejedlion; and in case they should found the rejection on any part of the questionary trials, to take down, or cause to be taken down, in their minutes, the questions put to Mr Lawson, and to allow him to put down in writing his answers thereto.

On the 5th of June was taken in an appeal from a feutence of the fy nod

J:ine ijdo'* froceeclmgs of the general aflemBly. 32

w! 'ilafgow and Air, reveffing a fen-t of the presbytenr of Paisley re-1 <ing chapels of'eaie.— By a fub-f< ;r ion opened in T773, a chapel of «.He- was ercCled in Greenock; in the e- foment of which, one of the regu-i ‘.n - us was, That a new election should t.»!*.* place on the second Tuefclaf after au y vacancy should happen. The design of which was, that time might not be given for fomenting difeord. On an application by the fobferibers, the presbytery of Paisley, Aug. 3.1774» unani-roously approved of the institution; directing, that the election, when made, should be signified to Mr Turner, (mi-nilter of the parifo), or his successors in office; and that objections, if any . were to be made, should be offered with-. out delay to their ecclesiastical superiors, to be by them cognofced, and finally determined. But the presbytery made alterations afterwards: They refolded, OCfc. 8. 177 7f That proprietors of chapels of ease should give information to the minister of the parifo, respecting any future vacancy, or intended election* of a preacher, and invite him, at least ten free days previous to the election, either to preside himself at the election, or fend another minister of the preibytery in his place, in order that he might report the election to the first preibytery, if necessary; — and they resolved, Nov. 14.1779, That before the electors of a preacher in a chapel of easie should proceed to any future election, application should be first made by them to the presbytery, signifying their intention, and requeuing the presbytery to appoint the minister of the parish, or some other minister of the preibytery, to preside and moderate ift the election; and that a copy of the whole minutes of procedure in the election, attested by the minister presiding, should be produced to the presbytery at their next meeting, that the presbytery might judge of it as they should fee cause. The proprietors of the chapel applied to the presbytery for redreis; but their petition was refuted, March-ax. 1780. But, on an appeal, the synod of Glasgow and Air, April 14. reversed the sentence of the presbytery, (which extended to all the chapels of ease within their bounds), in so far as it related to the chapel of case at Greenock. —The presbytery, in their Reasons of Appeal, say, That the synod forgot the fundamental- difference between sentences pr.lf-Vol.XLII.

ed in a judicial and fenfences passed in a. legislative capacity; that the former, it was allowed, were not to be altered, but to apply this doClrine to refutations and sentences passed in a legislative capacity, would be equally unjust and absurd; that the presbytery’s approving of an erection of a chapel in 1774, under certain conditions, could not divest them of a power, according to flit tire circumstances, to alter or correct, in 1780, what was done in 1774; and that the presbytery apprehended they were walking upon sure ground when they were only adopting a resolution of the very last assembly [41.*283,]. — The proprietors of the chapel contended, and the synod were of opinion, that the enact-merits of the presbytery in 1774, constituted a solemn contra Cl, which neither party could infringe without the consent

of the other.----- The assembly affirmed

the sentence of the synod, and enjoined the presbytery of Paisley, in any future vacancy, and election of a preacher or minister to said chapel, to adhere strictly to their own resolution of the 3d August 1774-

The assembly was concluded in the u-ftial manner; and the next assembly is appointed to be held, in the same place* upon Thursday, May 24-1781.

[Tim Notes referred to% p. 327.]

[Report, by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, on the petition of the General Assemby of the Chutch of , Scotland.

Our Noble Lord,

D ut r obliged u*, in obedience to your Lordship’s commands signified by Mr Lowndes at this time, to' have given our opinion of the several petitions and memorials Wf late transraitted to us. But it bring now vacation-time, and thecouit separated, we have only presumed at present to offer to your Lordship our humble opinion in relation to the addicfs or petition in behalf of the General Assembly. This we have the rattier presumed to do, because the affair is of moment, and seems to require disparth, and that by correfpordence amongst ourselves we have unanimously agreed to make the following report, viz.

As to the allowance the Church enjoyed before the Union, it appears to u>, by the vouchers exhibited with the memorials and petitions, that King Charles I. of Blessed Memory, by hi*, royal grant under the privy fealy was pleated, for the reasons and to the vies thcicin meouened, to allow fire hun-3 T di«d

3 3? Proceedings of the general assemblfVol 4

dred pounds Sterling to the Church out of the first and readied of the rents and revenues in Scotland; and that, besides this, provision was made for the salaries of the procurators, clerk, and agent of the Church, by a# of parliament: That since the Resolution, both in King William*, of Blessed Memory, and her present Majesty't happy reign, it has been usual for the Moderators of the General Assembly for the time being, to have a warrant under the Royal sign-manual for the ium of 4001, which was always understood to be for defraying the necessary charges in dispatching tue affairs of the Church.

As to what is now due to the Church on this account, it appears 10 us, that what was not satisfied before the Union is dated as a public debt on the Equivalent; and since the Union we only observe one warrant granted by her Majesty for 4001. yet unfa-tisfied, and for payment of which orders are given, porfuanc to her Majesty's privy foal to us directed.

As to what may be reasonable to be fottled for the time to come, and in what manner and how the fame may be paid with most case to the Assembly;

After consideration of a memorial, repre-fenting the many necessary occasions of charge and eipence in dispatching the affairs of the Church, herewith traosmitted to your Lordship,

It is our humble opinion, That the sum of five hundred pounds Sterling yearly may be a propey and suitable allowance for defraying thereof: and if her Majesty be plea-fed to give the necessary directions for adding the said sum of 500 I. Sterling upon the foresaid account to her edablidiment for civil affairs in this part of Great Britain, to be paid ro any person having power from the Church to receive the same, and in the same manner with others on the cdablish-ment; this, in our humble judgement, will be a proper and easy method for the Church in obtaining payment of this allowance.

All which, dec.

March a8 1710 ]

Sign-Manual L. $00 per enn. for defraying the charges of the Chunk, and the salaries of their officers. t [Anne R.

Wh ka bas you our High Treasurer have laid before us several memorials which you have received in behalf of the General Af* fcmbly of the Church of Scotland, repre-fonting the allowances formerly made to them by us and our Royal predecessors. For defraying the charges of their church-affairs, and the salaries of their officers; and praying, that we would be graciously plea fed to settle a yearly allowance for that purpose:

And whereas you the Barons of our Exchequer, to whom the said memorials wer referred, to eOnfider, what might be reafoe-able to be allowed for the time to come, add in what manner, and how the fame might he paid with most ease to the said Assembly, are of opinion, (as appears by your report which has also been laid before ut). That the fhm of five hundred pounds Sterling may be a proper and suitable allowance for defraying the aforesaid charges and fabrics; and that, if we fbonld be pleafod to add the said sum for that use to the establishment of civil affairs in Scotland, to be paid to any person having power from the Church to receive the same, and in the like manner with others on that establishment, it will be an easy and proper method for paying the said allowance: We, taking the premisses into our Royal consideration, have thought fit to agree to what is so propofod; and, accordingly, our will and pica sure is, and we do hereby direct, authorise, and command. That yon cause the said yearly sum of five hundred pounds Sterling to be paid to such person or persons, from time to time, as shall be appointed by the General Assembly to receive the same, for the purpofot a foresaid, out of any money that is, or shall from rime to time be in the hands of the receiver-general of our land-rents and casualties in Scotland, applicable to the uses of our civil

f’overnment there, during our pleasure, in uch manner as other annual sums contained in our establishment of civil affairs are and shall be paid and payable. And, of our further grace and favour, we do hereby dire#, that the said yearly sum shall be reckoned to commence from the 14th day of June 1709; and that you the Barons of our Exchequer do infort what shall be due thereupon from that time in the next lift which you shall cause to be made up of what is doe to our establishment of salaries and allowances in Scotland, pursuant to the directions contained in our letters of privy foal in that behalf; and that the said allowance be for the future esteemed as part of our^ said efts-bliflimene. And for so doing this shall be your warrant. Given at our court at St James’s, the vpth of May 1710, in the ninth year,of our reign.

By her Majesty's command

Godolphin. To our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor, Sidney Earl of Godolphin, our High Treasurer of Great Britain now being; and to our High Treasurer Of Commissioners of our Treasury for the time being; and to the Barons of our Exchequer in Scotland now and for the time being ]

June 1780.'

CAPTURES, [in.]

From Lloyd's Morin* lift*

By British nun of ire.

By the Ambofcade: The Adm. Spry lender retaken, and carried into Plymouth. The Spry had itfo impressed men on board when taken, but had only 19 remaining when retaken; the others were put on board the French privateer who took her. Also the N. S. De Bel in, a Spanish brig from St Jago to Cadiz, loaded with sugar, hides, &c.

By the Emerald, Champion, Wasp, and UghtniDgfire-ship: The Dunkirquoiic French privateer, of aa guns and rja men.

By the Galatea frigate: The brig Recovery, of 10 guns; the Beaver, of ra guns; and the ship Recovery, of 1 guns,

By the Pallas frigate; A Spanish storeship for Carthagena, laden with aroo quintals of gunpowder, and some ordnance, carried into Jamaica.

By the America r The King Midas, Fortune, from Boordeaux.

By the Milford frigate t the Due de Coig-ney, a French privateer of 3d guns, carried into Plymouth.

By the Chatham, Ac.; The Alexander cutter.

By the Romney: Two rich Dutch ships from Marseilles for Havre-dc-Grace.

By the Iris and Delawar: The Kitty, of i9 guns; the General Waim and the General Reid, of 16 guns each the Neptune, and a brig, of 14 guns each; and chafed a-pother privateer on fboie.

By British privateers, &c.

By the Dick, and Viper, both of Liverpool: One ship for Hispaniola with lumber, and another ship from Cadis to Virginia, mounting 18 four pounders, laden with wine, and salt, carried into St Kitts.

By the Hector privateer: Two prises, earned into Mahon.

By the Dragon and Kite privateers of Guernsey: The King George, Matthews, from Bristol to St Kitts, retaken, carried into Guernsey.

By the Sarah Golburn, Lewtas: A shallop, laden with coffee, carried into St Kitts.

The Lady Washington, formerly the Lady Erskine privateer of New York, retaken by the crew, and carried into New York.

By the Neptune privateer of Margate: A French Hoop of rao tons, carried into Margate; and a Dutch ship from Am Herd am to Nantz,laden with pitch, tar, Ac. carried into London.

By the Stag of Guernsey: The Prince 'William, from Lisbon, retaken, and carried into Milford.

Captures, 3*31

By the Union, Broom: An American schooner, from Nantz to Virginia, laden with various articles, carried into Pool.

The Friends of Glasgow, from Dublin to Quebec, retaken, and carried into Gucrn-fcy.

By the Achilles and Tapley: The Jong Gerbrand, from Hamburg to Bred, with 1336 sheets of copper, oak beams, Ac. carried into Yarmouth,

Three Dutch ships are fiopt in their voyage, and carried into Plymouth.

By the Peggy, Leigh, of Liverpool: Three prizes, taken in the West Indies.

By the Pitt of Jersey s The St Jean Bap-tifta, from Brest to Bayonne, laden with oxhides, and bale good.

By the Unicorn privateer of Folkstone: The Endraght, from Brest to Hamburg, with sugar and coffee, carried into Falmouth, By the Britannia, Powell, from Liverpool: L’Achille letter of marque, from Bourdeaux to Martinico, loaded with a too barrels of flour, 100 ditto of beef, Ac. carried into Barbados.

By the Alligator privateer of London: A Prussian ship from Bourdeaux to Morlaix, with 800 hhds of claret, and some brandy.

By the Bellona, Fairweather, from Liverpool: A prize valued at 40001. carried into Jamaica.

By the Macaroni letter of marque: The Dorp Woodfent, from Bourdeaux to Boulogne, carried into Guernsey.

By the Vulture privateer of Jersey: A Dutch ship from Bourdeaux to Boulogne, with wines, &c.

By the Maidstone privateer of London: Three prizes, taken on her passage to Mahon.

By the Light-horse privateer: The Jonge Aditanc, from Rotterdam to Bourdeaux, carried into Plymouth.

By the Pallas privateer of Liverpool: A Spanish schooner, with iron, oil, Ac. carried into Liverpool.

By the Sally, Denny, of Liverpool: A Spanish brig, from the Canaries to Palmo, sent for Barbadoes.

By the Cagle, Salmon,of Bristol: A Spanish ship, with indigo, Ac. carried into Jamaica.

by the Tartar, Fiot: A Dutch ship from Alicaot to Havre-de-Grace, carried into Dartmouth.

By tlte Speedwell privateer of Penzaoce: The Maria, from Amsterdam to Cadiz, carried into Plymouth.

By the Admiral Edwards privateer of Dartmouth: The Chance, from Boston for Cadiz, with tobacco, pitch, and tar, carried into Dartmouth.

By the Lucy letter of marque: The

Dutch flup Maria Anna Henrietta, front 3 T a Barcelona.

Capture.

carried into Fal-

33*

Barcelona-to Amfterdaro,

mouth.

By the General Conway privateer of Jersey: The Wynanda Cornelia, Capt. Homme*, with 300 pipes of brandy, from Rochelle for Roueo, carried into Jersey.

By the Spider privateer of Dartmouth: The Endracht, from Hamburg to Bilboa, laden with linens and bale goods.

The Friends, Stewart, from Dublin to the West Indies, retaken.

By a Dartmouth privateer: Three American Blips, and one Spanish, carried into the West Indies.

By the Grand Trimmer privateer of London; The Anna Catharina, sent for Plymouth.

By the Eagle privateer of Mahon: The polacre Maria, with rice, carried into Tunis.

By the Enterprise privateer of London: A brigantine from Dunkirk to Bourdeaux, loaded with coals and beer.

By the Achilles privateer of Folkfton: The Good Hope, from St Sebastian's to Amsterdam, carried into Plymouth.

By the Light-hoi fe privateer: La Magda-line Maria, from the isle of Bass, and the Bataver, from Amderdam to Bred, both carried into Plymouth.

By the Friendship privateer of Dartmouth: La Fortune, from Cape Francis for Bourdeaux, laden with sugar, &c. carried into Dartmouth.

The Crown galley, from London to Georgia, retaken.

By the Tartar privateer of Folkdon: A Trench snow, cut out of the harbour of An-dreart, laden with wine.

By the Enterprise privateer of Poole: A large Dutch hoy, said to be laden with naval (bores, bound for France.

By the Phoenix and Friendship privateers of Penzance: The Wackfam, Kite, from Hamburg to Bourdeaux, with deals, lead, and copper, carried into Penzance.

By the Vengeance, Hypocrite, and Surprise privateers of Liverpool: The Dauphin, with wine, brandy, dec. for the Ide of France, carried into Liverpool.

By the Swift privateer of Dover; Deiang FrancMcus, Furncfs, from Nantz for Odend, yjvith sugar, &c. and the Jenny galliot, carried into Dover.

£y the Greyhound privateer: The Alert, pierced for 18 guns, from Bourdeaux to the isle of France, with wine, brandy, and bale goods, carried into Kingroad.

The Reward, Falkland, from Grenada tp St Eud«tia, carried ipto St Kitts.

By tht French, ire.

The Ulyflcs, Jamcfon. from Clyde tQ Hew York, sent for L’Orient.

The Nancy, Norihover, from Lifboo for Toole, canted into Post LOui^,

fol.424

for

The Hawke, Howfop, from Dublin London, carried into Corunna.

The Polly, Mahooy, from St Augustine to Jamaica, carried into Cape Francis.

The Anjo do Senhere Maria, Peres, from London to Oporto, carried into Vigo.

The Polly, Gleed, from London to Madeira and New York, carried into Morlaix.

The Goldftnid, from Jamaica to London, carried into St Maloes.

The William and Mary, from New York to England, carried into Quadatoupe.

The Wafa, Orden, from Pool to Leghorn, carried into Algefiras.

The Owners Adventure, from London for Cork, carried into L’Orient.

The Aurora, Nelson, and Brothers, Peel, from Limerick to London, both carried into Morlaix.

Le Constance, from Surinam to New York, carried into New London.

The Diligence, Otr, from Greenock to the West Indies, carried into Martinico; where (he and the privateer who took bet were burnt, under the guns of a fort, by ten English men of warr The Fipcastle privateer of Glasgow, carried irup-Toplon.

Two ships for Greenland, names unknown, carried intp the Tcxel.

The Sparling, Jackson, from Liverpool to New York, carried into Boston.

The Betley, Thompftm, from London to Halifax, and the Neptune, King, from Nowport Pratt to Ostend, both carried into Morlaix.

The Emanpel, Nelson, from Cork to Gibraltar, carried into Algebras.

The Dyke of Bedford!, from New York, carried into Denan.

The Byroo, Henderson, from Bristol to Oporto, lent for Che 1 burg.

The Hannah, Watfoo, from New York to London, carried into Cherburg.

The Betly, Swain, and Bridget, Clark, from London for Greenland, carried into Havre de Grace.

The Neptune, Kelly, from Corke to Halifax, carried into Santa Crus.

The King George, Obrien, from W&tcin ford to Lisbon, carried into Brest.

The Friends Sinclair, from Clyde tq Quebec, carried imo Bergen in Norway.

The Sir William Erfltine, M'Naoght, from St John’s to Jamaica, carried into Gu* daloupe.

The Hannah, Hulchinough, from FayaJ to New York, sent for New London.

The Needham, Macmeakio, born Jamaica tp New York, carried into Pfeiladdn pbia.

The Hope, Potter, from Liverpool IQ At frica, carried into Martinico.

A (loop of war of \€ guns, employed as

packet

June 17&X Captures, Marriages, Births, and Deaths.

33*

p*ck<rt from South Carolina to New York, feat for Newbury: the mail destroyed.

The Jean, Brown, for Lubeck, on board of which were put 60 prisoners, and it fmee arrived at Port Glasgow.

Taken, but whither carried not mentioned: The Friends, Sinclair, from Clyde to Quebec; a Greenland man; the Race-horse from Lisbon to Cork; the Barine, from Bri-ft of to Portugal; the Hope, from Dartmouth to London; the Aftley and Cook; the Wolf, Morphy, from Cork to New York; the Lark, Knowles, taken olf Raft Florida; pine light colliers, a bark, and a large brig, taken off Whitby; the Hero, Wilcox, from Liverpool to Africa.

Taken, bot ransomed: The Liberty, Huddard, from London for Dublin, for 850 guineas; the Castor, Straker, for 1300 I.; a collier:from Sunderland, for aoo guineas; the Grape, Shirfock, from Liverpool to O-porto, for »ioo).; the Liberty of Whitehaven, for 850 guineas; the Providence of Youghall, for %j$ guineas; the Mary of Tinmouth, for 150 guineas; the four* following loaded colliers, off Sunderland, by one privateer, the Minor, Howe, for 800 guineas, the Albion, Whitehead, for 750 guineas, the other two belonging to Lynn, the one for 850 guineas, the other for 600 guineas; the North Star* of Lynn, for 400 guineas; the Hammoud, from Newcastle, for 850 guineas; t|ic Hinchinbrook; Wefion, for 500 guineas; the Empress, Wiley, from Merael for Hull, for 600 guineas; the Nelly, Beale, of Wcmyft, for a to guineas; the Minerva* Scott, from Lynn to Dover, for 300 I.; the Fiicodship, Spittal, from Alloa to Peter Iburg, for 300 guineas; the Primrose, Primrofc, from Borrowstounness to Copen* hagen, for 4*| guineas; Lady Mary, Thompson, for xtfoguineas; the Jenny, Thornp* son, from Salteoats to Memcl, for 500 guineas; Rofemont, Kirkwell, from ditto to ditto, for 515 guineas; Thompson, Ritchie, from ditto to ditto, for 510 guineas; Jeany, Dean, from Lancaster to Riga, for 400 guineas; Jean and Ann, Reid, from Londonderry to Dantzick, for aoo guineas; the Charming Molly, Bly, of Yarmouth, for 400 guineas; Neptune, Hutton, of Sunderland, for 300 guineas; Thomas Swan, of ditto, for 456 guineas; William and Jane, Sturrock, of Perth, for aoo guineas; Expedition, Stxonghill, of London, for 300 guineas; the Hampton, Pearson, from Tin-mouth to Liverpool, for too guineas; the Jane, Brown, of Whitehaven, for 500 guineas; the Fortitude, Brifcoc, for rtf00 guineas; the Live Qak, from Lymington to JBriftol, for tool.; two Hoops from Gucrn* fey, and a brig from Tinmouth, the Aims not mentioned; the Saville, EngJUh, from (gufrn Ccj, for 4000 1.; the Dolly, Finchc',

from Ipswich for Liverpool, for 1300 1.; the New-Town, Brine, from Liverpool for Tinmouth, for 400 guineas; the George, Stanton, from Galway to Bristol, for 450 k,

Marriages.

May 8. At Lisbon, the Hon. Robert Walpole, his Britannic Majesty* cnvoy-cx-traoidinary and minister-plenipotcutiary at the court of Lisbon, to Miss Diana Grofctt, daughter of Walter Grofett, Esq; Lend. gaz.

June uAt London, the Earl of Balcarras, Lieutenant-Colonel of the 14th regiment of foot, to Miss Dalrymple, daughter of Charles _ Dalrymple, Esq;

t. At the house of Skene, Thomas Macdonald, Esq; writer to the Hgnct, to Mils Sarah Skene, daughter of the deceased George Skene, Esq; of Skene.

3. At London, the Earl of Tyrconnel, to Miss Huflcy Delaval.

4. At Edinburgh, Mr Thomas Coleman, junior, of Leominster, KerelordOiirc, to Miss Vafton, of the same place.

7. At Sempill-house, Sir William Forbes of Craigievar, Bt, a captain in the North Fencibles, to Miss Sempill, eldest daughter' of Lord Sempill.

ix. At the minfe of Auchinleck, Mr Alexander Gillies, minister of Kilmaurs, to Miss Isabella Dun, daughter of Mr John Dun, minister of Auchinleck.

10. James Hay of Belton, F.fq; to Mils Dorothea Hay, daughter of the deceased John Hay, Elq; of Newhall.

Births.

June 13. At Edinburgh, Mrs Bcfwell, wife of James Boswell, Esq; advocate, younger of Auchinleck, of a daughter.

xt. The lady of Lord Binning, son of the Earl of Hadington. of a son. [41.XH.]

x8. At London, the Countess of Radnor, -of a son.

x8- At Kinnaird-house, Mrs Bruce of Kinnaird, of a son.

Deaths.

In the East Indies, Mr William Hamilton, eldest son of the deceased Robert Hamilton, Esq; of Airdrie.

Jan. ij. In Maryland, Robert Christie, Elq; He was Lord Provost of Glasgow in the years 173d and 1757.

Capt. John Maclean, of the xd battalion of the 84th regiment. He was loft id his passage from Cape Breton to Halifax, on board the North £hip of war, which struck on the ledges of the Halifax light-house, and was dallied to pieces.

May 14. At Lisle, in Flanders, Miss Mary Haliburton, daughter of the dccealed James Haliburton, Esq; of Pitcur.

xp. At Blechingly, in Surry, Richard Ef^j 32cdgS« lie has lqft legacies

L.

334 Dea&s and

of too 1. each to the poor of several pari (bet in said county.

June a. At Dumfries, Mrs Hamilton, wife of John Hamilton, Esq; of Alder (haw.

At his feat in Argyleshire, Colin Campbell of Ederline, Esq;

3. Suddenly, at he was stepping into his carriage, Thomas Hutchinson, Esq; formerly governor of Maflachofett*s-bay, in which pod he succeeded the late Sir Francis Bernard, and was succeeded by Gen. Gage. [3d. *3]

3. At Balnabotb, the Hon. Mrs Ogilvy of Clova.

5. John Amyand, Esq; member for the borough of Camclford.

At Tinmouth, in Cumberland, Daniel Bennet, aged 107 years.

9. At Inglefield, in Hampshire, James Hooper, a labouring mao, in the 103d year of nis age. It is remarkable of him, that he was never ten miles from the place of his birth.

si. At Knaresborough, York shire, Sir 'William Fowlis, Bt, of Ingleby manor, in the North Riding.

i$. At Drimmie, John Gray of Balled-garno, Esq;

id. At Ballechin, Pertbshire, the feat of hit son-in law, John Hope, Esq; late merchant in Edinburgh.

18. At Faringdon, Berkshire, Joan Farmer, in she 107th year of her age.

aa. At Barnbarrow, John Agncw of Shell-chan, Esq;

aa. At London, Patrick O’Conner, by trade a weaver. He declared, a few hours before his death, that he had received hurt, and was much burnt, in setting fire to Mr Langdale’s house, and destroying his goods, for which he defer ved the levered puniflt-ment.. He was a Roman-Catholic.

14. At Edinburgh, Mrs Eiifabeib Murray, litter of the dcce?fed Sir James Murray of liillbcad.

27. At Dunkcld, Mr Daoicl M‘Duff, merchant there.

30. Ac Leven Lodge, near Edinburgh, John Williamson of Claythoro, Eiq; son of Joseph Williamson, Esq; advocate.

PRSrXXMBNTS.

From the London Gazette,

Preferments. VoL 41.*

1 Baron of Great Britain, by the title of Lord Lo*ghbormght in the county of Leiceder.

— ao. to appoint John Campbell, E(q; to be Governor of Milford haven in the county of Pembroke, in the room of Wyr-riott Owen, Esq; deceased.

From other papers, &c.

Ships of war commissioned, or new captains of* pointed. [*14.]

Commanders*

T. Allen Wn Fox Benj. Hall J.C Allen

C. Saxton Wm Diction Ant. Hunt Sir Tho. Rich J. GeU

T. Fitxberbest Ja. Ferguson [aj7»l T, Taylor

T. Lloyd T. Shirley T. Symonds John Douglas

J. Basely J. Stanhope Rd R. Bligh A. Scot Ar. Kempe T. Piercy Jon. Faulkner Geo. Stoney Howel Lloyd J. Thomas Chr. Major Fr. Woolridge Hugh Lawfot H. Chads T. Wed Alex. Hood Lord Ch. Fitzgerald Ja. Hawkins Geo. Robcrtfba J. Gore Ja. King J. OBrycn

C. Gregory Ja. Dickenson A. Bertie

Ships, Britannia Guns too

Prince George 98

fiarficur 98

Gibraltar 80

Invincible 74

Terrible 74

Diligente 70

Princcfia 70

Monarcha 70

Bel liqueur <4

Intrepid «4

Yarmouth *4

Portland SO

Leander SO

Charon 44

Venus 3*

Apollo 3*

Pcgafiu *8

Nemesis 28

Viper 28

Termagant 24

Squirrel 20

St Firmln Id

Du Guay Trouln Id

Avenger *4

Barbadoes *4

Coureur 14

Endeavour <4

Minorca 14

Victor 14

Alderney *4

Ranger 12

Tapagcurartfrr 12

St Vicente IO

Firebrand firefiip 8

Resolution 3*

Discovery ad

Vigilant ad

William 20

5 Mac worth 20

Lqoeen 20

The King has been pleased,

June 9. to appoint AlexanderWedderburn, Esq; late Attorney-General, to be Lord Chief Justice of the court of Common Pleas, upon the resignation of Sir William de Grey, Kt.— He was sworn of the Privy Council, June 9. and took his place at the board.

— 13. to grant unto the Rt Hon. Alexander Wedderburn, Lord Chief Justice of the court of Common Pleas, and to the heirs-male of his body lawfully begotten, the dignity of

i

From the London

War-cffke% March x8.

18thfoot: Capt.-Lieut. Edward Crolbey to be Captain, vice John Joiner Ellis; and Lieut. John de Lanccy to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Edward Crolbey.

40th foot: Capt. William Montgomery to be Major, vice Samuel Braddrcet; Capt.-Lieut. John Gafon to be Captain, vice william Montgomery; and Lieut. William Hamilton

June 1780. Preferments.' 33$

Britton to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice John Gafbn.

Sid foot: Maj. John Acklom to be Lien* tenant-Colooel, vice Andrew de U Cour.

War*ffict, March a;.

94th foot: Capt. James Lee, of 30th foots to be Captain, vice George Ram&y.

War-office, April». ayth foot: Capt. William Cotton to be Major, vice Nicholes Wade; and Capt.-Lieut. Edward Chandler, of 49th foot, to be Captain, vice William Cotton.

49th foot: Lient. Henry Croker to be Chptain-Lientenant, vice Edward Chandler.

War-effice, 8. aft foot, ad bait: Lieut. Duncan Gamp* bell to be Captain, vice Peter Hunter.

48th foot: Capt.-Lieut. Thomas Jones to be Captain, vice Walter Borlafe; and Lieut. Thomas Temple Fenton to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Thomas Jones.

doth foot, 3d batt.: Capt. John Lloyd, of 48th foot, to be Major, vice Jacob Van Braam.

pad foot: Clement Coortnay, Esq; to be Captain.

War-office, April ry.

88th foot: Capt. Alexander Mair, of 40th foot, to be Major.

War-office, April a 9.

95th regiment of foot.

Colonel: Lt-Col. John Reid, from the half-pay of the late 87th foot. lieotenant-Colonel: Maj. Alexander Campbell, of the rft foot.

Major: Capt.* Lieut. Francis Pier (on, of 75th foot.

Captains; Lieut. James Christie, of stfth foot; Lieut. James Corbett, of rft foot; Lieut. John Jeokiofon, of 67th foot; Lieut. Henry Lumfden, of 14th foot; Lieut. Malcolm Macneil, of tft foot; Lieut. David Clephane, of 05th foot; and Lieut. John Cheap, of tft foot. Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut. John Spens, of 4*d foot.

90th regiment of foot. Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant: Lt-Col.

Richard Whyte, of 3d dragoons.

Majors: Capt. John Campbell, of 55th foot; and Capt.-Lieut. Hon. Charles Gunter Legge, of :9th dragoons. Captains: Lieut. Thomas Thomafton, of 18th foot; Lieut. Robert Bourne, of 5ad foot; Lieut. Stephens Howe, of rath foot; Lieut. Lamb. Thep. Walpole, of isth foot; Lieut. Richard Vere Drury, of S9*h foot; Lieut. Philip Bainbrigge, of ad foot; Lieut. Hon. Francis Avguftus North, of ad dragoon-guards.

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut, William Row-ley, of toth dragoons.

97th regiment of foot.

Colonel: Samuel Stanton, Esq; Lieutenant-Colonel: Maj. William Macin-fofli, of 49th foot.

Major: Capt. Joseph DtofTax, of 4th foot. Captains: Lieut. William Shewbridge, of x0th foot; Lieut. Ronald Haihilton, of 07th foot; Lieut. Joseph Buckeridge, of ayth foot; Lieut. James Sholto Douglas, of yoth foot; Lieut. Alexander Malcolm, of yift foot; and Lieut. H. Suniford Blankley, of 31st foot.

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut. Robert Wallace, of yoth foot.

War-office, May 1 ft foot-guards: Lt-Col. Robert Hampden Pye to be Captain of a Company, vice Frederick Madan; Capt. Frederick Thomau to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Robert Hampden Pye; and Capt. Francis D*Oyly to be Captain of a Company, vice Thomas Gordon.

Coldstream foot-guards: Col. Henry Tre-lawny to be First Major, vice Thomas Clarke; Lt-Col. William Earl de Lawarr to be Captain of a Company, vice Henry Tre-lawny; and Capt. Robert Lovelace to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Earl De Lawarr.

3d foot-guards: Capt. Samuel Archer to be Captain of a Company, vice Robert Keith.

S9th foot: Capt.-Lieut. Hugh Dickson to be Captain, vice John Crosier; and Lieut. Louis Haldimand, of 4sth foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Hugh Dickson.

31st foot: Maj.-Gen. Thomas Clarke to be Colonel, vice Sir James Adolphus Ough-too.

34th foot: Lieut. William Wood to be Captain, vice John Adolphus Harris, y 3d foot: Lieut.William Mure to be Captain, vice Robert Loogfield.

84th foot, tft batt.: Capt. John Adolphus Harris, of 34th foot, to be Major, vice Donald M‘Donald.

War-office, May 1 j.

11th dragoons: Lieut. Thomas Dalton to be Captain, vice William Elliot.

4th foot: Capt.-Lieut. William Scott to be Captain, vice Joseph DulTaux; and Lieut. William Whifton to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Scott.

i0th foot: Lieut. John Drummond to be Captain, vice John Crcflwell.

0«ft foot: Capt. William Owen to be Major, vice John Aeklom.

7lth foot: Lieut. George Hanbury'Wil-Jiams to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Francis Peirfoa,

97ih

336 Preferments, Prices,

97th foot: Lieut. Alexander Cimpbell, of the ift battalion of ift foot, to be Captain.

Lt*Gen. Alexander Mackay to be Com-'minder of the forces in North Britain, and also of the cattle*, forts, and barracks there, vice Lt-Gen. James Adolphus Oughtba.

War-office,. *0.

3d dragoons: Col. Francis Lafcellet, of 9th dragoons, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, vice 'Richard Whyte.

tfgth foot: Capt-Lieut. Patrick Moore; to be Captain, vice William MTntotti; and Lieut. Archibald Campbell to be Captaia-Lieutenant, vice Patrick Moore.

Maj Francis Gabriel De Ruvynes to be Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army in America only.

War-office, May 17.

1 tt foot-guards: Capt Robert Fulke Gre-Ville to be Captain of a Company, vice Hon. John Byng.

tft foot, 1 ft batt.: Capt. Joseph Bucke-tidge, from 97th foot, to be Captain, vice Frederick Falkioer.

War-office, May 30.

xift foot 7 Capt, Robert Hamilton Lindsay, of pad foot, to be Captain, vice William Thomas Taylcr.

85th foot: Lieut. Alexander Salans to lie Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Wiikin-ion.

gad foot; Capt. William Thomas Tayler, of lift foot, to be Capuin, vice Robert Hamilton Lmdfay.

97th foot: Capt. Frederick Falkiner, of aft battalion of ift foot, to be Captain, vice Joseph Bucketidge.

War-office, June 3.

S’ 9th foot: Lieut. David Leslie to be Captain, vice George Balt.

7‘ttt foot, ift batt.: Lieut. Charles Men-ies, of 3;th foot, to be Captain of one of the additional companies, vice Colin Mackenzie.

Corps of foot serving in Africa: Lieut. Benjamin Roberts to be Captain, vice John Clarke. - '

War-office, 7 r^.

» ift footpad batt.: Capt. Archibald Campbell to be Mjjor, vice Alexander Campbell'; and Lieut. Duncan Campbell to be Captain, vice Archibald Campbell.

ajth foot: Lieut. John Williamson to be Captam-Lieuien'int, vice-George Douglav; and Lieut. William Adair to be Capuin, vice James Nison.

War-cfpce, ao.

CoUlstream foot-guards: C^L* Arthur

George Martin to be Second M.’jor, vice Chaile* RainsfOrd;- Lt-CoL Robert Love-Jacc to be Capuin of a Company, vice

t

Mortality-bill,

Vol. 4*.

Arthur George Martin; and Capt. John Sutton *to be Captain-Lieutenants, vice Robert Lovelace. f

98th regiment of foot.

LieuteoantrCokmd Commandant: William Fuilarton, Esq; 1

Major: Hon. Capt. Charles Cathcatt, 3qf 77th foot.

Captains: Lieut. Alexander Campbell, of a ft - foot, ad bait.; Lieut. William Jolmfton, of 8tft foot, and Lieut. Francis Pinkerton, of 8|d foot. '

Captain-Lieutenant: JLarot. William Kclft,

' of-8 aft foot.

.. — 1^-..... I, t

Prices of grain at Haddingto, July 14. 1780.

Third. ids. 3d. las. 8d. ios* tfd* ys. 6cL

Edinburgh, July x8.1780. Oat-meal, gd.

Bear-meal, 5d. a f. Prease-meal, j d. »f.

Bur’ultin the Gray friars church-yard, Edinburgh, iu Jane 1780.

-Males,

Females Decteased«.

Bejl. Second.

Wheat, 19 s. 3d. 17 s. od

Bear, 14s. pd. 14s. od.

Oats, las. od. ns. ad.

Pctfe, 8s. tfd. 8s. Od.

Ag b.

Coder a & 5 & ro

ao & 30 8c

4°

00 60 & 76

80 8c

- N'T a 8

5

to %6 '

30

40

50 60 70 . 80 90

90 & loo 1

Dhtlsn.

Aged

N*

Bowelhive —t _ Consumption — 10 Fever — — tf Small pox ——— ,4

Stillborn ——

Teething ———» 4

Water in the head jr

PRICES of STOCK 9.

June if.

India Sttxk, 150 1 4th.

3 per cent. Bk. red. jg 3 8ths a x half.

4 per cent. Conf. S91 half a 3 4ths.* ’*

Ditto Nevr 1777, 73 1 8th a 1 4th.

Navy and Vidh Bills, 11 3 8ths pererdr Long Annuities, 1613 itfths 1 yStht. Scrip.*74 3 8th»a 3 4th*. - f

Annuities 1778, ia 9 itfths a s 8tbs. Lottery. Tickets, 13 I. as. tf4»

June a8. '

Bank Stock, *13 3 4th* a via 3 tftht.

3 per cent. Bk red. 60 3 4ths a s 8ths.

3 per cent. Conf 63 1 half a 4th.

4 per cent Conf. di a do 3 4th* a 7 Stirs. Ditto New 1777, 74 5 8«hs a half. t

' Navy and Vick. Bills, 1 r 1 4th percent. Long Annuities, 17 1 8th a 3 ’ ’

Scrip. 7 6 1 8th a is3 4ths a 7 8ihs.,

Lottery Tickets, 43 1. 6>s. tf d.

-4

THE

SCOTS M A G A Z I N E,

JULY, 1780.

CONTENTS.

lord Chief Justice Loughborough*! charge to the grand jury on the trial of the rioters 337.

Refle&ioas on the late Riots 344.

History 1778. America: A French fleet arrives off Sandy-book 345. Spirited behaviour of the British bailors and soldiers ib. Masters critical at that time 346. Operations at Rhode iflaod 347* A violent Kapert damages both fleets 348. A gal-hot a&oa of the 16s, Capu Raynor 343. Operation* in Long islandib. Refle&ioos 00 D’Ertaing’s condo& 350. Eulogium on Lord Howe jj t.

Trials of the rioters 3d*.—3dtf.

SbF. Drake 3 A naval anecdote 366.

Parliament: Commons on Popery 367. Lords on Popery 369.

America. A hand-bill 376. and two proclamations, by Gen. Clinton 377* Gen. Clinton and Adm. Arbuthnot arrive at New York 378. A circular letter of Con* gressib. PennfVIvania rdoluttons 379. St John's lock taken ih

'An account of the late Tumults. Proceedings on Sunday 35 r. Lord Stormon-to the Lord Mayor ib. Proceedings oot Monday 35a. A third official letter to the Lord Mayor ib. A royal proclamation 3f|. A Protestant Association hand-brll ib. Proceedings on Tuesday 354. Proceedings of the Lord»^54. and Commoo»35j. Reiolu-tions ib. Newgate destroyed 377. Lord Mansfield*! house burnt ib. The Thunderer, a fed 1 tious paper ib. Proceedings on Wednesday 358. Military ported in the city, encamped in Sc James's and Hyde parks, and ordered by proclamation to exert their utmost force 359 Gaols, &c. destroyed 360. Rcfle&ious 3 A cure of a Drotst 351.

Poetry. Lady Craven, on dreaming (he saw her heart at her feet 381. The Rt Hon. Authored ib. The Dolors ib* Emma Corbet 38a. Verses font to a wife with a present of a knife ib. Epigram, in ailu-fion to Martial ib.

Historical Affairs 383.& foqq.

» »*.*« aaaaaaj 4 444 tut. 9-4 1444mM>44A 1,44444

Tht [puck of Lord Chief Justice Loughborough, to the Grand Jury, convened he tht great hall in St Margaret's UHL oet Monday, July 10.3780.

Taken In Short

Gentlemen of the Grand Jury,

F there are any of you. Gentlemen, I who came licre totally ignorant of I the transatf ions which have lately JL parted in this neighbourhood; if it were possible that you should neither have seen, nor beard of the devaluations that have been committed not long ago, the remnants of the flames that mult hive (truck your view aa you came to this place, will furticiently declare to yon the reason of your being called together. His Makfty’a paternal care for Yol.XLII. /

the welfare of all his subjects, will not permit him to suffer offences of such daring enormity to remain without a trial, a longer time than the law requires for . assembling a jury of the county to inquire into them. The commission, Gentlemen, by which you are called, extends only to the crimes of high tveafon or of felony, committed by those who are, or shall be, within the time prescribed by the commission, within the common gaol of this county, charged with such offences.

It was not thought proper to blend the common burtnest of an assize, where an inquiry is instituted into those crimes that the frailty of human nature is but too liable to commit, with crimes of Co deep a guilt, and so much above the or-U u dinary

338 Lord Loughborough's charge to the Grand Jury. Vol.42:

dinary pitch of human wickedness, as tain an alteration of the established laws those offences which will fall under your by force and numbers. There was a p$-consideration. The general circumstances tition presented to repeal an act in which under which these crimes were commit- they had no special interest. To petitioa ted, are of too great and too (hameful for the repeal of any act, is undoubted-notoriety; but it will be necessary for ly the inherent right of every subject; you, who are to take into confederation but, under the name and colour of a pe-the nature and quality of the acts impu- tition, to assume the command over the ted to the several persons who may be legislature, is the diflblution of all go-brought before you as offenders, to mark vernment: and it is fit to remind you* the several parts, in order to observe the that fatal experience has shown you the connection of these parts with the whole, danger of tumultuous petitioning, in the and to determine upon the nature and outlet of that unhappy contest, which quality of the acts imputed, upon a ge- ended in a total diflblution of this gq-neral observation of the whole circum- vernment; and among the first acts, affiances of the case, applying the circum- ter the restoration of legal authority, was fiances always to the different parts, that a law passed in the 13th year of the reiga the particular different informations laid of Charles II. which directs, that now-before you will assign to the persons ac- tition for the alteration of matters efta-cufed. 1 shall think it a part of my du- blished by law in church or state, not ty, to endeavour to lay before you, in having previously obtained the approba-one view, a short account of those dan- tion of the magistrates, or of the grand gers from which this kingdom has late- jury, shall be ligned by more than twen-ly been delivered. 1 make use of that ty names, or delivered by more than ten expression; for it will clearly appear, persons [33. 705.] In opposition to this that it was not only the destruction of law, a petition was signed and delivered the property of individuals, or an attack by many thousands; and, in defiance of iipon the lives and fortunes of particular a principle more important and more an-descriptions of men; but that the evil cient than any positive law, the desire was not intended to be partial; that the of this petition was to be carried by the blow which Providence was pleased to terror of the multitude that attended it avert, was aimed at the credit of the through the streets, classed, marked, constitution, and to the very being of and arranged as the advertisement di-the state. rested.

Gentlemen, the first remarkable cir- Gentlemen, this was the transa$ion cumftance that calls for your observa- that passed in this county. That con-tion, is, a large concourse of people af- course of people proceeded to Palace-sembled in St George’s fields on the ad yard, and to the avenues adjoining the of June. They were called together by two hotifes of parliament. How the an advertisement published in the name leaders demeaned themselves there, what of a person stated to be the president of was the conduct of the multitude to the an association [282.]. The advertise- members of both Houses, it is not my ment invited the attendance of thousands intention to state: not that it may not of people, appointing signals by which be proper matter for consideration in o-they were to be distinguished, and pre- ther parts of this business; my reason feribiner the ordei and course of their for avoiding it :s, that it is the only pur-march :n several columns to the place of pose of my addirfling you, to inform their destination. Charity will oblige us you of fasts so public, that there can be to suppole, that of the person3 thus af- ho doubt upon them, and to convey sembled, there were many that came that information to you in such a man-there unwarily, tmeonfeious of any evil ner, as to avoid every circumstance that intended; but it would be credulity in may inflame, where the application goes the extreme, to suppose that there were too directly to particular persons: for not some among them, who knew, who this reason, I pass ever in silence all that foresaw, who intended, and who prac- part of the transaction, which cannot be fifed to accomplish the purposes intend- related but in much stronger language, cd to be effectuated by that meeting, and in more indignant terms, than I Gentlemen, a short time has disclosed to chuse at present to employ. In the clofc you, that the purpose of that assembly of that day the afiembly difpertd from \yasj to overawe the legislature, andob* Palace-yard. Many of them ucdoubt-

July 1780. . Lord Loughborough’

cdly retired to their several dwellings: Ibme, however, there were that remained, in order to shew, that the threats of Jhe force of that multitude, which had invaded the ears of all that walked the streets, were not fruitless, but meant to be put into execution. When night came on, the houses of two foreign mi-niders redding at this court, from powers in amity with his Majesty, were attacked, their chapels stript, plundered, and set on fire. It is not possible upon that occasion. Gentlemen, to avoid this obvious reflexion: Had such an outrage been committed upon a public minister from this date, redding in those countries, upon whom the imputation of bigotry may with the utmod judice be fixed; what horror, indignation, and abhorrence, would it have excited, not only in the minds of all our countrymen, that would have felt the honour of the nation hurt by it ! but all other parts of Europe would have thought them-"selves concerned in the insult. That disgrace was committed in this country, by one of the fird alts done when they proceeded in the manner I have dated to you. Upon the next day, the 3d of

June, there was a feemuig quiet: A very memorable circumdance; for sudden tumults, when they arc once over, arc commonly at an end; but when they can cease and be revived again, it is im-podible not to conceive that it argues something of settled influence and previous direction. The day that followed was Sunday. Gentlemen, that day, by the laws or God and man, is let apart and kept inviolated by the works of honed indudry; that day, however, there was a renewal of the lawless force and Violence in broad day-light. Before night had drawn a veil upon their transitions, many buildings and private houses in Moorfields were attacked, stript of their goods, the furniture consumed in a bonfire in the public space of Moorfields, and all this done in the view of patient magistrates. Gentlemen, some magistrates there were who had thought it their duty, upon the fird breaking out of these tumults, to exert themselves in . vindication of the laws: persons had been apprehended, and committed by the exertion of individuals and diligent magistrates, for the outrages committed on Friday evening. On the next day, Monday June 5. those that bad hither-ip felt tbcmselves under to little redraiat,

s charge to the Grand Jury. 33d

so little check, and in no degree redded* thought it was a necessary part to accomplish, in the project they had made, to shew, that the law could not be exercised against any that had been in the like delinquency with them, with impunity. It was the business of Monday td destroy, to pull down, and set fire to the houses of the magistrates, and those officers of the peace, by whose means persons had been apprehended.

Thus far matters had proceeded to no common degree of excess; — but what I have hitherto related to you is far short of what afterwards followed, upon those two days, the 6th and 7th of June, which will ever remain a dain upon the annals of these times. Frefli insults were again offered to the members of the le-giQature; and towards the latter part of the fird day (Tuesday) all who were then in London will rccollclt, that the town had the appearance of a city taken by dorm: every quarter of it was threatened and alarmed; neither sex nor age, nor fanltity of character, nor eminence of situation, nor even honed but humble obfeurity, was sufficient to protclfc men from the rage, fury, and malevolence, of those who were spreading fire and terror in every quarter of the town. But, Gentlemen, the attempts were not confined to the destruction of individuals: for, in a very short space of time, one of the fird general objects appeared to be that which experience and hi dory has shewn to be among the lad efforts of the most desperate and abandoned con-spiratore, to break the gaols and set loolc the felons, and to engage the guilty hands of defptrale njen, whose lives were forfeited to the law, in the accession of the crimes that they were about to perpetrate: — this. Gentlemen, was committed with success. After that, the town was set on fire, and the flames were applied to those buildings, in different quarters, that were most likely to spread the conflagration to distant places; namely, the houses of distillers, and those that from their trade contained the grtated quantity of combudible matter. That was not all, but, in the midd of horror and confusion, there was an attempt to prevent the extinltion of the flames, by cutting off the water of the New River, and an attempt to Arike at the foundation of all the credit of the country, the Bank of England. That was, it is true, defeated, provide, u-Ud} tially

340 Lord Loughborough’s charge to the Grand Jury. VbL 4a:

tially defeated ! but under drcum-ltances which left no doubt of their intention to carry it into effect, if it had not pleased God that the execution had been poitponed to that period of the bu-finess.

Gentlemen, during the very short space of these two days, the incredible activity of that band of furies that walked through the town with flaming torches, had destroyed above seventy private houses, and four public jails; one of which seemed at least to have been built to withstand the efforts of an armed force. Such is the detail of the alts which were done. — I am not to omitu that while these outrages were committed, the name of religion, and the purest and most peaceable description of religion, the jEhrotestant religion, was made the profane pretext for some of these violences which were committed; — the pretext only, — for I am sure there is not in Europe a man so weak, neither will there be found a person so uncandid, or so unjust to the character of the Reformed cliirjh, as to suppose, that any possible motive, ever of false zeal, by any pof* fil:e pervcrlion of human reason, could induce men to lay in ashes the capital of the Protestant faith, or that any pretence of any religion could at all have influenced the minds of those whose object was to destroy all private security, by setting loose all those who had been guilty of crimes against the peace of the country; and all public credit, by the destruction of the Rank of England.

I have now, Gentlemen, stated to you, in one general view, the circumstances by which this calamity began, continued, and, happily, by the exertion of the efforts, to which we are ever indebted, of a gracious sovereign, was at least suspended for a time. It now remains, that I should state to you, what particular parts of this tranlaction will more immediately call for your confldcration. And from what i have laid, it mult be evident to you, that there may be persons whole cases will be brought under your view that are tainted with the guilt of high treason: for th.»t the object was general, that the dtfign was not of a partial or particular nature*, that the mischief was not specificaSly aimed at the individuals who fuflerrd by it, but bad a deeper and more exter.five operation, it would be credulity to a degree to entertain a doubt. It is nectifary, therefore. Gentlemen, that 1 should Rate to you, very shortly,

what the law is with rripeft to the fpc* cies of treafoo, under which it is pop-Able some of those cases which are conJ netted with this strange and unparalfelled outrage, may come.

There are two species of treason, which may possibly have particular cases. If a man doth compass and imagine the death of our Lord the King, that is high treason: if a man doth levy war against the King within the realm, that is high trea* son. The first species of high treason, that of compassing and imagining the death of the King, is to be demonstrated by some overt aft, as the means to effectuate the purposes of the heart: the levying war, or conspiring to lety* war, may be an overt act of that treason; but levying war against the King, is also a distinct species of treason; and as, from the general circumstances of this case, it is very possible, that that may be the species of treason most applicable to the cases which may be brought before you, it is necessary that 1 should state to you more fully, and more distinctly, what the law has said, with respect to cases that fall under that denomination of crime. And, Gentlemen, I am particularly happy, to be able to state it to you, not from collections, inferences, or deduttions of my own, which I am sensible may be liable to error, and ift which the change or inaccuracy of cx-prtflion might lead to very dangerous mistakes; but I am enabled to state it to you from such authority, as that the law itself speaks to you, and that my mouth only pronounces the words of the law j for I shall state it to you in the very words of that great, learned, and able judge, Mr Justice Fofter, that true friend to the liberties of his country.

Gentlemen, thcle are the words of Mr Justice Fofter. — " Every insurrection which in the judgement of the law is intended against the person of the King, be it to dethrone or imprison him, or to oblige him to alter his measures of government, or to remove evil counsellors froma-bout him, these rifingsall amount tolevy-ing*war within the statute, whether attended with the pomp and circumstances of open war or not; and every conspiracy to levy war for these purposes, though not treason within the ciaul'e of levying war, is yet an overt aft within the other clause, of compassing the King’s death; for these purposes cannot be eftetted by numbers, and open force, without manifest danger

to

July 1780. Lord LoogbborddgVs charge to the Grand Jury. 341

to hi8 person. — Insurrections in order to who were then tried and convicted M throw down all inclosures,— to alter the this (jpecies of high treason, were either established law, or change religion, — to leaders, or set on as part of a nob, that enhance the price of labour, or to open was gathered together then likewise un-all prisons; — all risings in order to ef- der the false and profane pretext of reli-feCk these innovations, of a public and gion. The cry at that tine was false, general concern, by an armed force, wicked, and calumnious. That the church are in coostruction of law high treason of England was in danger, pretended to within the claofe of levying war; for be apprehended by some, and credulouf-though they are not levelled at the per- ]y believed by others; they were dangers son of the King, they are against his supposed to arise from that just and hu-Royal Majesty; and besides, they have mane indulgence that the law of the a direct tendency to dissolve all the bonds time, the Resolution, had shewn to Proof society, and.to destroy all property testant Dissenters, countenanced and sup-and all government, by numbers and an ported by the toleration-ad. The delu* armedforce, Insurrections likewise for ded persons, inflamed and led on to de-redrcfling national grievances, or for the stroy the meeting-houses, are considered expulslon of foreigners in general, or in- by the learned judge whose words I have deed those of any Angle nation living just quoted, as having declared against here under the protection of the King, the act, and attempted to render the act or for the reformation of real or imagi* ineffectual by numbers and open force, nary evils of a public nature, and in and upon that ground he declares the which the insurgents have no special in- condemnation to have legally proceed-terest; — ri fines to effect these ends by ed.

force and numbers, are, by construction He fays, " Since the meeting-boufetf of law, within the clause of levying war; of Protestant Dissenters are, by the to-for they are levelled at the King’s crown leration-act, taken under protection of and dignity." the law, the declaration in the present

In these passages it is necessary for me cases was to be considered as a public to select or repeat the particular parts declaration against that act, and an at-which 1 observe have struck your atten- tempt to render the act ineffectual by tion. There is, in several parts, men- numbers and open force.’* tion made of an armed force; and there- The principles that are dated to you fore it is necessary to state to you what, with such force as carry clearness along in another passage of the fame chapter, with them, by the learned judge, arc the learned judge has said upon that sub- confirmed by that case, not only from ject. He refers to two Cafes, which were the fanction of the learned judges at the decided at a very memorable period, to- time the judgement was pronounced, wards the latter end of the reign of but have had the uniform approbation of Anne. Two persons, Damaree and Pur- posterity from that time to this; and chafe, were convicted, and received fen- the principles 1 have just delivered to fence of death, as in cases of high trea- you, are essentially necessary for the fafeson, upon the point of constructive le- guard and protection of that excellent vying war.— Having mentioned the ca- constitution, which we cannot but feel ies, he fays, " There was nothing the re the violation of, at an instant of time so given in evidence of the usual pageantry near to that in which we had the great-of war, no military weapons, no banners, eft reason to apprehended the total diffo-no drums, nor any regular consultation lutionofit.

previous to the rising; and yet the want Gentlemen, the kalendar points out of those circumstances weighed nothing that there arc a number of prisoners, with the court, though the prisoners who, according to their commitments, counsel infilled much upon that matter; may be indicted by you either for the the number of insurgents having supplied burning and pulling down, or for the the want of military weapons, and they setting fire to and riotously beginning to being provided with axes, crows, and pull down the King’s-bench, the House other tools of the like nature proper for of Correction, some other public build-the mischief they intended to efiect." ings that 1 need not particularly state. Gentlemen, he adds another observa- and nine private dwelling-houses in this tion upon the cases of these two men. — county: there are others, who are cora-It is remarkable, that the two persons mitted for breaking open the county-

342 Lord Loughborough’s charge to the Grand Jurjr. Voi. 421

gaol, and letting the prisoners loose: there are, be Tides, Tome who are committed for different robberies, by extorting money or goods, under the terror of the mob, from different persons who were remaining in their dwellings, or in the streets* These are the several cases of felony that will probably be submitted to your consideration; and I am sensible, Gentlemen, that I need say little to you upon the subject of these felonies. There are many of you, who professionally are converiant with the general principles of law, and all of the gentlemen that I have the honour to fee, are, by their rank and situation in life, undoubtedly instructed in the general principles of that law, which is commonly dispensed in the course of the execution of criminal justice throughout the kingdom.

1 will just mention to you, that as to these offences, the burning any house, or outhouse being parcel of a dwelling-house, though not contiguous or under one roof, is at common law a felony, and the benefit of clergy is by law taken from this offence; therefore it is a capital offence to set fire to any house, barn, or outhouse, though the said house, Sec. should not be burnt down: and it is not necessary it should be by force, or persons armed or disguised; for merely to set fire to any house, barn, or out-Jioufe, is a capital felony the act 90 Geo. 1. ch. 22. To begin to pull down any dwelling-house, or outhouse, by persons riotously assembled, to the number of twelve or more, is made a capital felony by an act i° Geo. I. ch. 5. which is commonly known by the name of the riot-aft. Having mentioned that act, it is necessary I should just say a few words upon it. 1 have mentioned those cases that were decided in a period very near to that in which this act passed; the two cases of the persons convicted of high treason. For assembling to pull down Protestant Distcnting meeting - houses. The fame pernicious and dangerous spirit, that by the worst parts of faction had been instilied into the lowest of the people towards the close of the reign of

Q. Anne, by great artifices, had been Hill kept alive in the minds of dil'eontent-cd pci Ions: and if we did not fee the strangest perversions of re a son, and the strangest inconsistence prevail upon the minds of men, beyond the guidance of reason, it would remain matter of the utmost astonishment; but it is no less true than astonishing, what was miscalled a Protestant mob in the beginning of the reign of George I. was a mob called forth, arranged, excited, and employed, against the Protestant succession, at the mug-houses, and every lurking corner and alley of sedition, raised by the enemies of this constitution, and the Protestant succession; and persons, under the false cry of religion, were gathering mobs to attack the government, and to refill that happy and fortunate establishment, the confirmation of our rights and liberties, which were hdld sacred at the Resolution. To prevent that, an act was framed, and formed, upon an analogy, in some respects, with the words of Former statutes: the effect of it was, to give a farther prote&ion to the civil authority of the state, by making the beginning of mischief dangerous to the perpetrators of it, and subject those whose crimes, by their enormity, brought them under the particular cognisance of the law, to a punishment that the bold-ness and guilt of their designs well merited; for that purpose, though the mischief was not perpetrated, though thd house was not pulled down, the beginning to pull down, even not under the circumstance of a large force, but with a collection of persons riotously assera-bled, to the number of twelve or more, is justly made a capital felony. There are other parts in this act, in which persons riotously afiVmbled are, by" the requisition of a magistrate, to depart; and if they will not depart, the space of an hour having elapsed, the statute declarei them guilty of a capital felony, that corffists only in continuing together riotously assembled after the space of an hour, when required to depart. That was the provision of the act, in order the better to support the civil authority; but it was not the intention of the legislature, nor is it the effect of the adi, during the space of an hour, from the time of reading the proclamation, to disarm the civil author rity, or oblige the King’s subjects to de-fist from quelling a riot instantly, or so oblige them to remain patient and tame spectators of a number of people assembled together in breach of the law and peace. The length of time adds to the offence; but that the circumstance of their continuing together the space of an hour creates the offence, is a fatal mif-Ukc: a#d I thought it necessary to take

July 1780. Lord Loughborough*!

this public occasion of dating, that the supposing every thing may be done, and nothing be unlawful, till an hour is elapsed, and that therefore the civil authority to all his Majesty’s subjects is suspended during an hour, is a mistake; for the statute means no such thing; it gives an additional force to the power of the magistrate, but it leaves them in possession of all the power which the civil authority possessed before. Thi3 part, however, of the statute will never come under your consideration.

I don’t conceive it impossible, from the excessive and immediate violence of this riot, what fame has said, that the proclamation had never been read; but you are to consider that part of it, " the beginning to pull down, or destroy, any house, barn, or outhouse, by any number of persons assembled, to the number of twelve or more, constitutes a capital offence.*'

Gentlemen, in all these cases I have dated to you, the burning of houses, the setting fire to them, the pulling down or beginning to pull down, the being present, aiding, or encouraging the immediate actors, though no aft is proved to be done by the party himself, is equally criminal, and subjects him in the fame degree to the punishment of the law. It has been the constant and the established opinion of the judges upon the construe-tion of these statutes, and solemnly delivered upon a late occasion, and not that I know of ever disputed, th|t " the being present, aiding, abetting, encouraging of," though no aft is proved to be done by the party, only his aid, assistance, encouragement, and presence, constitutes him in such a degree of guilt, as amounts to the crime of a capital felony, provided against by the statute.

Gentlemen, the taking, against the will of the owner, under terror of the mob, goods, or money, is undoubtedly a robbery; 1 have therefore thus gone through these several matters, which the kakndar makes it probable may be presented to your view of all these offences. You, Genllrr.itn, are to inquire for this county, and make true presentation; and, when I coulider the character of the gentlemen I have the honour to ad-drel's, how highly they are valued, and justly esteemed by their country, all admonition on my part will be totally fu-perfluous. In you. Gentlemen, the public has l&ng placed, and* \ am cer-

i charge to the Grand Jury. 343

tain, upon this occasion, will have no reason to regret that it has placed, the utmost consequence that it can bestow upon any part of its fellow-creatures. Your part, however, is only, upon the evidence presented to you upon the part of the accuser, to determine, whether the party accused stands so probably accused, that you <itight to fend him to take his trial by another jury of his country, whose province it is, upon the hearing of the evidence upon both fides, to pronounce that he is guilty, or that be is not guilty. You find only, that there is ground to put hiiyt upon his trial: in the course of that trial, if there should be any advantage to be derived from the nicety and caution of the law, if there are any circumftinces of alleviation of the guilt of the party, it will be as much the inclination, upon this occasion, as it is the duty, of all, and the constant practice of the learned judges who are commissioned to try upon this occasion, to point out all they can in justice for the prisoner, and to lay the proper weight upon all the circumstances that can, in fairness, alleviate the offence; and, after all, if the sentence of the law should pronounce upon the guilt of the prisoner, he may (till have recourse to that fountain of mercy, the Royal Breast, where justice is always tempered with clemency.

These, Gentlemen, are the advantages, this the protection, that the government and the laws afford to all; — un-distinguishing, indifferent, and equal to the just and unjust,

A government founded upon the laws will hold out that protection, and give the full benefit of those laws, to such as are accused of an attempt to subvert that government, and to deprive their fellow-subjects, and their polterity, of the benefit of that constitution for ever.

The excellency of the law, theblefling of that constitution, and the admirable form of this government, cannot be better proved, than by administering, upon an occasion which so directly calls up, in the minds of all men, lentiments of love, veneration, and affection, for that government, by administring to all men indifferently, and equally, the benefit of those laws: they are for the protection of peaceable subjects; they are a safe-guard of their rights; they may have recourse to them; they may claim the beneftt of that faaftuary; they will have

344 Reflexions on the Late Riots. V0I.41.'

all the effect of them, when they are ad* ministered by those that compose the grand jury, and by those who, upon the part of their country, are to try the prisoners; and they will have all the effect that reason, justice, and humanity require they should have. Mag.

A LttUr from Gentleman in London to hit Friend Abroad.

Dear Sir,

V O U will have been alarmed at what has lately happened at London, and our enemies will have fed themselves with cruel hopes. Their withes have not succeeded; God’s providence prevented the far greatest part of the evil intended from being executed. The mistake, that felony could not be suppressed but by certain forms, encouraged the ruffians to

f;o great lengths, and prevented at first he necessary exertions being made against them. Government, after the first twenty-four hours of wide*spread violence,

' acted without attention to that most absurd prejudice, and by a few hours spirited exertion the whole was quelled. The extreme humanity of the military, even then, was the occasion that not a tenth part of those periftied who most richly deserved it. No government but an Englifti one would, in those hours, have moderated the massacre of heaps of ruffians, thieves, incendiaries, traitors, whose outcries threatened a far wider devastation than they had time to prac-tife. The execrable intentions of the e-' nemy to overthrow us at home, by using the madness of fanatics, assembled in thousends, under the vilest of all hypocritical pretentions and lies, seemed to succeed on Tuesday June 6.; because, forsooth, it was ignorantly fancied, that a magistrate was necessary to give orders to fire upon ruffians who were in actual felony; whereas a magistrate is only necessary to disperse unlawful assemblies, before felony is actually begun: but when it is begun, all men are authorised to proceed to every extremity to put an end to felony. This was not so understood till now; and we a(k one another, How is it possible that we could have been so blind, as not to use common sense, or to suppose that common sense was not law ? file fled be God, common sense broke in upon us; the king and his ministers'obeyed it; and the evil sank at once. The troops came in from divers parts in sufficient numbers to crulh all before them; and now* all men here

having learnt that they need not wait for a magistrate in the like cases, steps are taken against all such events id future, by the inhabitants being prepared and preparing to punish such glaring aCU of violence. Government, whose strength is that of the whole nation, is not to be overturned at hoitoe. Our enemies, who cannot bluQi, may howl. They had fondly hoped, from our seditious papers

(>rinted every day, that no sinews were eft among us; otherwise, kid they, such treasonable papers would not every day be printed with impunity. How long government may judge it proper to endure such domestic insults, is not now my inquiry; I would only tell you, that, notwithstanding all this licentious-ness, government is on its legs; and whoever looks upon us as ripe for de-strudion, will be baffled and puhiflied. We are stronger than ever, and the more so on account of these late disburbances. The danger to the whole, from the effects of popular tumults, has scouted the measure. The unmuzzling a mad bear is found too inconvenient, as this late bear did more than its instigators at first seemed to intend. Such is the nature of the bear. We shall grow up into more sociality; we shall value order more than anarchy; we shall look upon it as madness to care only each for himself; we shall be less French and less American, and less dxmoniacs than ever. Which of our domestic or foreign enemies expected this ? The few prisoners taken have now ‘been tried by the valuable, mild, and fair forms of law: and it does our country honour, that herein nothing has been hurried, no insult made use of towards these criminals, but the judges and the juries have behaved in a manner unknown in other places. While all the French party in Europe are decrying ua and our government as arbitrary and tyrannical, and wish America delivered from us, as if we were tyrants, is any patience, mildness, or decency, equal to ours, in the American tribunals ? But 1 must finiffl. God has confounded our enemies in this matter, and perhaps we shall do well in our foreign troubles too. Your’s, A. B.

P. S. The King’s behaviour has covered him with honour; and the military have shewn, that in desperate cases they do not go too far, and have not been, guilty of a single disorder.

London Chronicle^July ao«

Ja1yi78o. History 1778? America. 345

HISTORY 177$, concluded.£294.3 America continued;

The danger, though IcfTened, was not, however, immediately removed; and it Hill required the most consummate ability and fortitude to render the kindness of fortune effective. — On the fourth day after the account was received of D’E-staing’s arrival on the coast, and subsequent advice of his having anchored in the Delaware being also received, he appeared suddenly {July 11.], and rather unexpectedly, in light of the British fleet at Sandy-hook. His force was great, and in good condition, confiding of twelve ships of the line, and three frigates of superior size. Among the former were several ships of great force, and weight of metal; one carrying 90, another So, and fix carrying 74 guns each; and the squadron was said to have no less than 11,000 men on board. On the other fide, the British fleet under Lord Howe, confided of fix sixty-four gun ships, three of fifty, and two of forty guns, with some frigates and floops. Most of the former had been long on service, were accordingly in bad condition, and were also wretchedly manned. If anything, however, could remedy such essential defells, it might have been hoped for, from the superior abilities of their commander, and the excellency of his officers.

They had, however, the advantage of being in possession of that port or harbour which is formed by Sandy-hook; the entrance of which is covered by a bar, and from whence the inlet pafles to New York. The expelled and avowed, object of D’Eftaing was, to force that paf-sage, and to attack the English squadron in the harbour. notwithstanding the titmost exertions of preparation made by Lord Howe that the time could pofliMy admit; yet, from contrary winds, and other unavoidable incidents, the ships were not completely arrived in their respective situations of defence, nor had there been time tochufc those situations with the judgement which was afterwards exercised, when D’Efiaing appear-, ed without the Hook. Under these cir-cnmflances, which, with respect to the c/Tclt, might be considered, in some degree, as affording the advantages of a surprise, if be bad pulhed on directly to pase the bar, and force the patfage, it would seem, that neither the advantage of fit nation, nor any eminence of ability Vol.XLII.

or virtue on the other fide, could be capable of counteralting the vast superiority of his force. The conflilt would have been undoubtedly dreadful; and perhaps, in that respect, might have exceeded any thing known in naval history but the greatest portion of human spirit mult require some adequate degree of strength to render its exertions etfeltive,

A diversity of opinion feemsto prevail, 6n the practicability of the great ships of the French fleet passing in force through the strait, and over the bar. Some are of opinion that it might have been attempted with prudence. If so, it may be considered a9 a happiness on all Tides, that D’Eftaing was not possessed of that spirit ofenterprife which would have been equal to so arduous an attempt; that the terror of the British flag was yet in no degree weakened; and that the name of the Noble commander who opposed him added some weight to that effect. D’Eftaing accordingly cast anchor on the Jcr-fey lide, about four miles without the Hook, and in the vicinity of the small town of Shrewsbury.

The spirit that was displayed on this occasion, not only in the fleet and army, but through every order and denomination of seamen, was never exceeded, and Will Dot often be equalled. A thousand volunteers were immediately dispatched from the transports to the fleet. The remainder of the crews could not restrain their indignation at being left behind, and fought every possible means, by hiding in the boats or otherwise, to escape on board the men of war; so that the agents could scarcely keep by force a sufficient number of hands for the watch of their respective ships. The mailers and mates of the merchantmen and traders at New York, solicited employment with the greatest earnestness; and took their stations at the guns with the common Tailors. Others hazarded every thing, by putting to sea in light vessels, to watch the motions of the enemy, and perform other necessary services. One in particular, with a noble disinterested-ness and gallantry, which may be compared with any thing known in history, offered to convert his vessel (in which, his whole hope and fortune lay) into a fire ship, to be consulted by himself; and spurned with disdain every proposal of indemnification or reward.

It will afford no surprise, that this spirit should ftiine out in the army with X X equal

34^ Hiftorr 1778: America. Vol.42.

equal lustre;. and (bat the light infantry and grenadiers, who had scarcely recovered the fatigue of a most toilsome and dangerous march, and with many of the officers wounds dill green and fore, should notwithstanding contend with such eagerness to serve on board the men of war as marines, that the point of honour was obliged to be decided by lots. In a word, the public spirit, zeal, bravery, and magnanimity, displayed upon this occasion, would have damped a character upon a nation that before had none; and is an honour even to this country. It mud, however, be acknowledged, that the popularity of the Noble commander, and the confidence founded on his great qualities, contributed not a little to these exertions.

The French fleet continued at anchor in the position we have mentioned, and taking in water and provisions, for eleven days. It may be well supposed, that as D’Edaing did not profit of the fird opportunity that offered, that any attempt made by him after the exertions on the other fide had taken their full effect, and the judicious defensive dispositions made by the British Admiral were completed, would have been not only ineffectual, but probably (notwithstanding the superiority of his force) ruinous. Neither the confidence arising from D'E-flaing’s hesitation, or from their own courage, was, however, any allay to the mixed passions of grief and indignation which now agitated the British seamen. They ensured the mortification, for the fird time, of seeing a British fleet blocked up and insulted in their own harbour, and the French flag flying triumphant without; and this was dill more deeply embittered and aggravated, by beholding every day vessels under English colours (who had dill been ignorant of the loss of their usual proteClion),captured under their eyes by the enemy. They looked out every hour with the utmost anxiety, and in the most eager expectation, for the arrival of Byron's squadron.

D’Edaing’s fleet at length appeared under way; and as the wind was favourable, July 22. and the spring-tides at the

highest, (the. water rising that afternoon thirty feet on the bar), it was expected that he intended to carry his long-delayed menace into execution; and that that day would have afforded one of the hotted and most desperate engagements that had ever been fought during the long enmity and rivalship that had subsisted be-

between the two nations. Every thing was at (take on the British fide. If the naval force was destroyed, (and nothing left than destruction or victory could have ended the conflict), the vast fleets oftransport* and victuallers, with the army, mud all have fallen along with it. D’Dftaing, however, thought the attempt too dangerous; and shaping his course another way, was in a few hours out of fight.

Nothing was evermore critical than this commander’s day at Sandy-hook; and few things could be more fortunate in the present circumstances, than his departure at the exact period that he did. For if the whole, or any part, of Adm. Byron’s fleet had arrived during his ftav, considering the ruined date in which it reached the coada of America, there could scarcely have been a hope of its not falling, almod, a defenceless prey into his hands. That unfortunate squadron is said to have been, in many respects, badly equipped and provided. In this date they had the fortune of meeting unusually bad weather for the season; and being separated in different dorms, and lingering through a tedious passage, arrived, scattered, broken, sickly, dismasted, or otherwise damaged, in various degrees of distress, upon different and remote parts of the coads of America. Between the departure of D’Edaing on the 2id and the 30th of July, the Renown, of 50 guns, from the wed Indies, the Raisonable and Centurion of 64 and 50, from Halifax, and the Cornwall (one of Adm. Byron’s squadron), of 74 guns, all arrived singly at Sandy-Hook. The joy arising from this reinforcement could scarcely be superior to that excited by a sense of the imminent danger which they bad so fortunately escaped. It seemed no less an indance of good fortune, that the Cornwall was in better condition than most of the other ships of that squadron.

This failure of the excellently-laid schtme, which had been concerted by the French minidry with the American deputies at Paris, for the surprise and capture of the British fleet and army, whether on the Delaware or its borders, necessarily called for new counsels and measures. Rhode island was the object now fix^d upon, as that which would admit the mutual operation of the nevr allies by land and sea. This was the motive of D’Edaing’s departure from Sandy-hook; and, for this purpose, Gen. Sullivan assembled a body of troops

in

July i 7So. History 17

in the neighbourhood of Providence, for an invafioo of the island, on its north end, from the continent; whilst D’Eftaing was to enter the harbour of Newport, near its southern extremity, and after destroying the flapping, by a powerful assault on,the works facing the sea, to place the British forces between two fires.

The French fleet either blocked up or entered the several inlets, between which Rhodeiflandand its adjoining lesser islands are inclosed, and which form a communication more or less navigable in the different branches, between the open sea and the back continent, on the 29th of July. The main body cast anchor without Brentoo’s Ledge, about five miles from Newport; two of their line-of-bat-tle ships ran up the Narraganset passage, and anchored off the North end of the island of Conanicnt, where they were (hut up several days from rejoining the fleet by contrary winds; while some of their frigates entering the Seconnet passage, occasioned the blowing up of the King’s-Fishcr Hoop and two armed gal-lies, which could not otherwise avoid falling into the hands of the enemy.

Maj.-Gcn. Sir Robert Pigot, who commanded the Britishi forces, took every measure in the power of a brave and experienced officer, that could tend to a vigorous and most obstinate defence. The troops, artillery, and cattle, were immediately conveyed from the island of Conanicut; the troops at the out polls in Rhode island were in constant readings, at the first signal, to join the main body; the works to the sea were strength-eocd by every possible means; and the Teamen belonging to the vessels that were destroyed, as well as those that could be spared from others, were called to their favourite occupation of serving the artillery. The transports (which muff otherwise have fallen into the enemy’s hands) were funk in different parts of those channels and passages which might have afforded them an opportunity ot attacking the works with advantage. The royal frigates were removed as far from danger as possible; but as their loss or destruction muff be inevitable in the prosecution of the enemy’s design, they were dismantled of their artillery and Ikores, and the necessary measures taken for fecaring the latter part of the alternative.

Two opposite bay8 In the inlets on the esilem and weffera tides of the island,

jS: America. 347

compress it so much as to form a kind of iffhmus, by which the southern end, that spreads into the ocean, is connected with the main body. The town of Newport lies just within this peninsula, at the opening of the iffhmus on the weft-ern fide of the island, and facing the island of Conanicut; the space between both forming a bay, which includes or forms the harbour. The inlet to the harbour from the sea, called the Middle Channel, is narrow, and inclosed Brenton’s point and the opposite point of Conanicut, which form the southern extremities of both islands. A bar of high grounds, which crosses the iffhmus from channel to channel above Newport, was ffrongly covered with lines, redoubts, and artillery; so that the peninsula might be considered as a garrison, distinct from the rest of the island; and, under the protection of a superior naval force, might, in a great measure, defy any attempts from the northern fide, supposing that an enemy had made good its landing in such circumstances. But the enemy being matters by sea, rendered the talk of defence, under the apprehen-fionofan attack on both Tides at the same time, exceedingly arduous. The commander had, however, just before, received a reinforcement of five battalions; the troops were in excellent condition and spirit; and the body of Teamen, both with respeCfc to labour and danger, were no small addition to their means of refinance.

The force deltined against them by land was not so considerable as their information had led them to apprehend.— The business on that fide seems to have been committed mostly, if not entirely, to the northern colonies, who were those immediately concerned in the event. General Sullivan, is However said to have assembled about 10,000 men; of whom, at lead half, were composed of volunteers from New England and Connecticut. —As the operations of the French fleet were regulated by those of the army on land, they continued inactive until Sullivan was in condition to pass over from the continent to the north end of the island. On the $th of August, finding that measure in for-wardness, and the wind being favourable, they entered the harhour under an easy fail, cannonading the batteries and town as they pa fled, and receiving their fire, without any material effect ou either fide. They anchored above the town, between Goat iiUnd and Conanicut, but X x a ucar«

34? History 1778

nearer to the latter, on which both the French and Americans had parties for some days past.

As soon as the determination of the e-ne'my to enter the harbour became apparent, the commanders found themselves under the grievous necessity of burning the Orpheus, Lark, Juno, and Cerberus frigates; as they were soon after of tiding the Flora and Falcon.

As soon as Lord Howe received advice of the danger of Rhode island, he determined to attempt every thing which resolution, under the direction of reason and judgement, could undertake for its preservation. His squadron, notwithstanding the late reinforcements, was still, with respect to effective force, and tveight of metal, so far inferior to the c-nemy, that to hazard an engagement, without some collateral advantage to counteract so great a superiority, would seem a degree of raihness inconsistent with his character. In point of number, he was indeed superior to the French, his squadron now confiding of one 74, seven 64, and five 50 gun ftiips, besides fever.nl frigates: but the great deficiency in other respects appears from the bare recital of the rates. Every thing in such a situation was, however, to be tried, and 1* was determined that nothing should be left undone. The account indeed he received of the separated date of the French fleet, some of them involved in the channels, and the bulk lying without, afforded some room for a hope, that he might bring on an engagement upon more equal terms than could have been otherwise expected.

But notwithstanding the tit most possible expedition, he met with such unavoidable delays, that he was not able to reach Rhode island until the day after the French fleet had entered that harbour [Aug. 9.]. From the situation in which the enemy now lay, he was enabled to communicate direCHv with Gen. Pigot; the result of which was, that, under the present circumstances, the affording him any c/Tential relief was impracticable.

A sudden change of wind to the north-call afforded an equal change of circum-itances; and on the following day, the French Admiral flood out to sea with the whole fleet, those in the Narraganset paflhge, as well as the port. Lord Howe, justly deeming the weather- gage too great an advantage to tc added to

: America. V0I..42.

the superior force of the enemy, contended for that object with all the lklll and judgement incident to an able and experienced seaman. On the other hand, D’Eftaing, notwithstanding his superiority, was as eager to preserve this advantage as his adversary to obtain it. This contest of feamanship prevented an engagement on that day [Aug. xx.J: but the wind on the day following (till continuing adverse to the design of the British Admiral, he determined to make the best of the present circumstances, and to engage the enemy; forming the line in such a manner as to be joined by three fire-ships, which were under the tow of as many frigates. A strong gale of wind, which afterwards increased to a violent tempest, and continued for near forty-eight hours, not only put by the engagement by separating the fleets, for the present, but scattered them in such a manner, and caused so much damage on both fides, as rendered an engagement for some time impracticable.

The French suffered greatly in this tempest, two of their capital ships being dismasted, and others much damaged. Some untoward situations, and unusual circumstances, were produced by this conflict of the elements. The Languedoc of 90 guns, D’Eftaing’s own ship, had loft all her masts, and was met in that condition, on the evening of the 13th, by the Renown of 50 guns, Capt. Dawson, who attacked her with such fury, as well as judgement and advantage, that no doubt could have been entertained of the event, if the day-light had continued. But the darkness of the night, and frefliness of the gale, whose violence was not yet quite allayed, compelled Capt. Dawson to cease from his attack, after he had poured several broadsides close into her, and had, besides other apparent damage, (hot awfay her rudder. He, however, lay to, as closely as possible, for the night, intending to renew the attack in the morning, and considering her as little less than a certain prize. The appearance of fix French men of war, by whom he was chafed at day-light, and who were pofti-bly led that way by the firing, put an end to Dawson’s hopes, and relieved the French Admiral from this very urgent difirefs.

Upon the fame evening, and about the fame hour, the Preston, likewise of 50 guns, Com. Hothara, fell in with the

Tennant,

I

3-

jr

'X

7

7

tf

1

St

r.

ri

e

ci

s

3*

;1

l«

;Ct

ht

to

it

July 1780. History 1778:

Tonnant, a French Sogun, ship, with only her main-mad (landing. The Commodore attacked her with the fame spirit and efledt with which Capt. Dawson had engaged the Languedoc. The circumstances were likewise similar in every respect. The night obliged him to draw off, with the fame intention of renewing the engagement, and under the fame certainty of success; whillt the appearance of a part of the French fleet in the morning frustrated both.

The circumstances of advant ige afforded by the tempest were not, however, entirely confined to one side. It held out one on the other, which was productive of one of the most gallant and brilliant naval actions of this, or of any war. Thelfisof 50 guns. Capt. Raynor, was eagerly chafed and engaged by a French 74 gun flag.ship [Aug. 16.], supposed to be the Zele, though other accounts say the Caesar. The French* mao was much the better sailer, and the circumstances of the ships with respect to the tempest were the fame, they having both entirely escaped the effects of its fury. In this very unequal contest, in which the greatest refohition and skill. would seem incapable of supplying the deficiency of force on the one side, a close and desperate engagement was maintained with the greatest obstinacy on both, for an hour and a half, and within pistol-shot distance. At the end df that time, the Isis bad obtained so manifest a superiority in the action, that the French ship was glad to put before the wind, and call in the aid of all her fails, to escape from so determined an enemy. The Isis had suffered so much in her masts and rigging as to be incapable of attempting a pursuit.

It is not easy to determine whether to admire more the gallantry exhibited in this singular action, or the modesty of the brave commander in his account of it. This was indeed so extreme, that his Admiral was obliged in some degree to supply the defect, by acquainting the Admiralty, that the honour of the day was not more owing to the refohition of the Captain, or the intrepidity of his officers and crew, than to the profcllion.il (kill and ability of theform-r[40.550.].The lofsof men wasconfidcrable on the French fide, and M. de Bougainville, the celebrated and philosophic navigator, who was their commander, is said to have loft an arm in the action. The loss in the Ifia was very moderate. The high

' Amewpa; 349

honour which the young Duke of An- . carter, acquired as a volunteer in this action, only serves to embitter the loss . which his country has since sustained, by the premature death of a nobleman, who so early distinguished hirofelf in her service, and from whom Ihe had so much to expect. [41-399-]

Although the British squadron suffered much less in the storm than the French, yet their damage was so considerable, as unavoidably to cost some time at Sandy-hook or New York, in proportion to their wants, whether only to refit, or to repair. The French fleet returned to Rhode island on the aotb, where they anchored without the harbour, and failed from thence on the aid for Boston, in order to repair their fluttered ships. Lord Howe, having got his /hips in condition with an expedition that fur-prised every body, pursued them with the greatest eagerness, hoping to overtake them by the way.

In the mean time, Gen. Sullivan had landed on the north end of Long island, by the way of Howland’s ferry, on the 9th of August, being the day that D’E-staing went out of the harbour to meet Lord Howe. The extreme badness of the weather impeded for some days the bringing forward of his (lores and artillery, and of course retarded the progress of his army. On the 17th, however, they broke ground on Honeyman’s hill, near the British works, and began to construct batteries, and to form lines of approach; the British forces being no less active in throwing up new works, and constructing new batteries, to counttra<5k theirs. We have already observed, that Gen. Pigot was under no great apprehension of an attack in front; the general obiedt of apprehension was the concurrent assault of D’Eftaing on the town and works to the water; but the great point of danger was his landing a body of troops in the southern penin-fula, which would have laid the garrison open in the rear, whilst they were desperately engaged on the front and flank in defence of their works.

The critical and most timely appear* ance of Lord Howe with the British squadron, happily obviated this apprehension and danger in the first inftnnce; and D’Eftaing’s consequent departure, or flight, to Boston, removed them entirely. His failing out of the harbour ta engage Lord Howe, docs not seem by any

means

35° History 1778 s America. Vol. 42.

means to have been a judicious measure. The nature of the port, the narrowness of the passage from the sea, with the means of defence afforded by the island of Conanicut, which was occupied by himself and his allies, held out, all together, so strong a security to his fleet, that scarcely any naval superiority, which, however, did not cxift, could have justified any attempt upon it. In this state, it would seem, that he should first have secured his object, which appears to have been much within his reach, before he put out to sea, either to engage, or to seek for Lord Howe. But vanity seems here to have had some ihare in his determination. The glory of vanquishing a British squadron, and of obtaining a triumph over a commander of great name, and of a country which so seldom afforded such laurels, was a temptation not to be refilled by D’E* staing.

Yet, after all the ill consequences of this vain and ruinous pursuit, if he had entered the harbour, and co operated with the Americans, in conformity with their most eameft solicitations, when he anchored the second time before Rhode island, it would seem that the state of the garrison would have been extremely perilous, and that he had a fair prospect of retrieving, by a stroke of no small importance, the failure of success in his grand object. Such a successful co-operation would likew’fc have had a wonderful eff'edt in conciliating the minds of his new allies, and in giving them an idea, which they were not very apt to entertain, of the vigour and efficacy of French counsels and arms. It may indeed be objected, and truly, that his two dif-mafled ships could not have been repaired, nor, perhaps, the rest of his squadron refitted, at Rhode island: but as they might have continued there in perfect security for any length of time, if he had succeeded in his object, this objection does not appear to be of sufficient weightfor its being abandoned.

The American army in Rhode island, and the people of the northern colonies in general, complained loudly of this conduct. They laid, that they had been led into an expedition of prodigious expence, labour, trouble, and danger, under the assurance of the most effective co operation of the French fleet; that, under this sanction, they had committed their lives and liberties on the invasion of an islandj where, without a naval pro

tedtion, they were likely to be inclosed like wild beads in a toil; and that in this situation they were first deserted, for a vain and fruitless pursuit, and then totally abandoned at the very time that they had brought the business on their fide to the point of completion.

Under these difeontents and apprehen-fions, Sullivan was deserted by the New-England and Connedticut volunteers, who composed the better half of his army; and by this means, if we credit the American accounts, his numbers were so much reduced, as to be inferior, ia point of force, to the garrison. In these circumstances, and under the immediate apprehension of his retreat being cut off, Sullivan extricated himself with a degree of prudence and ability, which would have done donour to an older general; nor would the behaviour of his troops have disgraced more veteran soldiers.

Having begun to fend off his heavy artillery and baggage on the a6th of August, he retreated from his lines on the 29th: and though he was rtioft vigorouf-ly pursued, and repeatedly attacked in every quarter where-cveran opening was made by the British forces; yet he took his measures so well, and had chosetv his polls so judiciously, that although much honour was claimed anddeferved on both fides, he gained the north end of the island without sustaining any considerable loss. Being the re, from the nature of the ground, and the situation of his polls, in a state of security, he passed his army over by the way of Bristol and Hoyland ferries, on the night of the 30th, without interruption, to the continent. Nor was his good fortune inferior to his conduct, as Sir Henry Clinton arrived just after with such a force from New York, as would have left no doubt of the fate of his forces if thty had itill continued on the island.

On the fame day that Sullivan abandoned Rhode island, Lord Howe entered the bay of Boston, where, to his great mortification, he found that D’Eftaing was arrived before him. This was, however, increased, when upon a dofc inspection he discovered that he was so effectually covered in Nantaiket road, by the batteries erected, and the measures of defence taken by the Americans and French, on the adjacent points and i-stands, that an attack upon him, with any prospect of success, was utterly impracticable*

Thus,

July 1760. A dropsy cured. Account of the tumults. 351

Thus, with great honour to himself, and advantage to his country, did that great naval commander bring the campaign with his powerful adversary to a conclusion. With an inferiority of force, which held out mere preservation as the summit of hope, he, by a continued and rapid succession of the greatest possible exertions, masterly manoeuvres, and wife measures, having first counteracted, and at length defeated all the views and attempts of his enemy, obliged him to fly for refuge to those new allies whom be came to protect, and intuited him under that protection, leaving him in a condition at parting, which rendered him incapable of any further service in those fcas for the remainder of the year.

An extraordinary cure of a Dropsy.

A Few years ago there was at Konigf-berg a poor woman, between fifty and sixty years of age, who was affiided with the dropsy to the bigheft degree, and being totally unfit for any kind of work, was obliged to beg for her bread. In this condition (he for a considerable time daily attended the exchange, where (he received a small pittance from the merchants; to whom (be was by this means well known, and consequently her surprising cure was conspicuous to all. Her distemper seemed daily to increase; and at last, on her disappearing from her usual station upon the Exchange, no body doubted but (he was dead. However, in a few weeks afterwards, some of her old benefactors were surprised at seeing her busily employed sweeping the steps before a gentleman’s door, and seemingly in perfect health. On their enquiring of her by what means she had got the better of such a dreadful disease, (he related, that, by the advice of another woman, (he had confined herself to a diet of broad beans (called in England IVindJbr beans), boiled in water,

without salt, butter, or fat of any kind. The beans were her only food, and the water they were boiled in (which was only sufficient to cover them) her only drink, for eighteen days; at the end of which time (he began to make water in great quantity; which continued with (hurt intervals for lev era! days; and by degrees (he found herself perfectly well, without Any weakness or other ill fymp-loms remaining. Gent. Mag,

Account of the tumults[28$.]

Our last ended with the proceeding! of Saturday, June 3. — On,

June 4. in the afternoon the mob met in Moorfields, and, as it were in an instant, collected a body of several thousands, who, on the cry of " No Papists L Root out Popery !" presently attacked the Po-pish chapel in Ropemaker’s alley, the iu-fide of which they totally demolished, and brought the altar, images, pictures, feats, and every moveable, into the streets, where they committed them to the flames. About half after nine a party of the guards arrived; when the mob immediately began to disperse. Some few accidents happened on the approach of the military, but no person was thii night killed by the soldiers.

At night the Lord Mayor received a second official letter, viz.

" Mv Lord (St James's, 4. 1780,

My LORD, J 25 M.p. TenP. M.

Information which I have just received, makes roe think it my indispensable duty to recommend the contents of the letter which I had the honour to write to your Lordship yesterday [a8j.l to your most ferrous consideration. I cannot but hope and trust, from your Lordship’s known zeal and activity, that every effectual, legal method will be u-fed by you to preserve the public peace, by guarding it against those dangers;o which it (lands exposed. — 1 am, with great rc-fpect, my Lord, your Lordship’s most o« bedim, bumble fen-ant, Stormont,

Rt Hon. the Lord Mayor.*

The proceedings of the court of Aldermen, from the act to the 17th of June, relative to these tumults, were laid before the House of Commons: to render our narrative the more complete, we shall give extracts from these proceedings, in proper places, according to their dates.

The Lord Mayor acquainted the court, June 6. That on Saturday, June

3. his Lordship was informed several people were assembled in Ropemaker’s alley in Little Moorfields, but not many in number: That on Sunday afternoon he received further information of a very great concourse of people being asserubied in a riotous manner before the Roman-Catholic chapel in the fail! alley, and thereupon sent for the two marflials and marflialmcn; when Thomas Gates,

the-

3 $2 Aa account of the tumults in London, Ac. Vol. 41.

the upper* marshal, appearing, he directed him to collect what number of constables he could procure, and immediately go there, and endeavour to di-sperfe the mob: That in the evening his Lordship, attended by Mr Alderman Clark, Mr Alderman Peckham, and Mr Sheriff Pugh, went to Ropemaker’s alley, and Raid there till three o'clock in the morning: That soon after his arriving the re, not being able to procure a sufficient number of peace-officers to put a stop to the riot, and the burning of the furniture of the chapel, and other hou-fes, and those constables who were there not exerting themselves effectually towards suppressing the fame, his Lordship thought it his duty to send to the commander in the Tower, for the military to aid and assist; who sent at one time thirty men, at another time fifteen, and at last thirty men more; but finding that force insufficient, his Lordship and the Aldermen endeavoured to persuade them to desist, and be quiet, which they accordingly did, and then quitted the place, leaving Mr Sheriff Pugh behind.— The Lord Mayor acquainted the court likewise of the two letters received from Lord Stormont; and that his Lordship

had sent an answer to them.----- Upon

Mr Gates the upper marshal requiring the immediate attendance of all the mar-ihalmen in Ropemaker’s alley on Sunday, Joseph Bradley, one of them, answered, that he would not come to protect any such Popish rafeals; and upon James Clark weaver’s desiring the said Bradley to do his duty as a constable, he anl v.ered, that he would not go to protect any Popish priest, for he had taken the oaths of allegiance, abjuration, andfupremacy, as a constable.

Encouraged by the lenity hitherto shewn them, the mob began on , June 5.

as might well have been expedit'd, to grow more daring and desperate. Early in the day they demolished the school-house and three dwelling-houses in Ropemaker’s alley belonging to the priests, with a valuable library. They now threatened the destruction of all who should of-pose them; and divided into different parties, and for different purposes. One party shewed itself before Lord George Gordon’s in Welbeck-street; another party went in triumph to Virginia lane, Wapping; a third directed their march to Nightingale lane, East Smithfield; and, while the first party gutted (as their term was) the house of Sir George

Savile, on pretence of his having brought in the obnoxious bill, and those of Mr Rainsforth of Stanhope street, and Mr Maberly of Little Queen street, for giving evidence against their accomplices on Saturday, the other parties destroyed the Popish chapels in their respective routs, insulted the Catholics, plundered their houses, brought out and set fire to their furniture, and threatened extirpation to the whole fcCt.—The rioters apprehended on Saturday were re'examined, and three of the most notorious committed to Newgate; to which gaol they were escorted by a party of the guards; who, on their return, were pelted by the rioters; but such was the humanity of the commanding officer, that he re ft rained his men from firing upon them, as they appeared to him wholly unamvd.

A third ofiicial letter was received by the Lord Mayor, viz.

" My Lord, Stjamei' 1780.

We learnt with pleasure, by your Lordships verbal answer returned to Lord Stormont’s letter of last night, that you were then using your belt endeavours to disperse the tumultuous afltm-bly iu Moorfields, and to prevent every outrage. Those endeavours seem to have been in some degree successful for a time; but we have just received intelligence, which gives 11s equal concern and fur-prise, that there is actually a riotous meeting at the same place, and that a great number of seditious persons arc employed in demolishing different dwelling houses: and all this is done in broad day, according to our information, without the least interposition of the civil magistrates to prefer ve the public peace.

Under these considerations we think it our indispensable duty again to call your Lordship’s attention to such very serious objcdls; and we cannot but persuade ourselves, that you will feel, that a constant, uninterrupted exertion of every pollible legal endeavour to prevent or quell such outrages, and to preserve or rtftore the public order and tranquillity, and to seize and secure the principal delinquents, that they may be brought to justice, is an indispensable part of the duty of the high Ration in which your Lord ship is placed.

We have the honour to be &c.

Stokmos r.

Hillsborough. The RtHon. the Lord Mayor ' of the City of London,"

This

July 1780. An alcourit the

This day the following royal proclamation was issued, dated June 5. and was published on that or next day, viz.

" George R.

Whereas it hath been represented to us, that a great number of persons, in consequence of advertisements or hand-bills inciting them thereto, did, on Friday last, the ad of this iu-stant June, alienable in a liotous and tumultuous manner in St George’s Fields, in the county of Surry, from whence they proceeded in several bodies to Palace-yard, Westminster, surrounded both Houses of Parliament, and possessed themselves of the avenues to the iatne, (the said Houses of Parliament being then lilting), where they continued in a riotous and tumultuous manner, committing great outrages and violence against several of our tubjetfs, and feloniously taking money from them; after which, in the evening of the fame day, they mfulted and attacked the houses of tome of the public ministers of foreign princes and statee, redding at our court, and broke into, spoiled, and set fire to phapels, which in every civilized country are allowed to such public ministers for the free exercise of the religion of their country, to the great scandal and offence of all truly pious and good Protestants: We therefore, in order that the reproach of so frantic and atrocious an outrage against the precepts of religion, as well a9 the obligations of all laws, may not remain a disgrace to our kingdom, but may be confined to the authors, abettors, and perpetrators of the said outrage, and that they may be brought to speedy and condign punishment, and that such dangerous and wicked practices may hereafter be prevented, have thought lit, by and with the advice of our Privy Council, to publish and declare our resolution to put the laws in force against such offences: and we do hereby enjoin and require all ju* ftices of the peace, flieriiTs, mayors, bailiff*, constables, and all other our loving subjects, to be aiding and assisting to the utinoft of their power in (ypprefling such illegal and tumultuous assemblies, and in detecting, apprehending, and bringing to justice the persons concerned in act’ern-bling or instigating the fame, and guilty of any of the violences above mentioned: and for the better detection of the persons who were concerned in the outrages committed at the beufes of the Vvt.XLlL

tumults in London,

said public ministers, we are gracioufl/ pleased to promise, that if any perfort shall discover any other person or persons who, directly or indirectly, were concerned in pulling down, or beginning to pull down, or in Petting fire to the chapel of any public minister, so as that the person or persons discovered may be prollcuted for the fame, such discoverer shall have and receive, as a reward, upon conviction of such offender or offenders, the l'uin of five hunch ed and also our gracious pardon for the said offence, in <^le the person making lack dillovcry shall himself be liable to be prosecuted for the fame, except the person who hi ft broke into, or began to pull down or set fire to the said chapds."

And the following hand-bill was dif* tributed this night or next morning.

" Protestant Association.

Whereas many riotous persons, on Friday last, after the petition of this Association was presented to the Hon. tht± House of Commons, did tiimnltuoull/ impede the paliage to both Houses'of Parliament, and grofslv intuited the persons of many of the members* and afterwards proceeded with violence to destroy the chapels belonging to foreigii ambafTadors, so sacred in all countries, to the great breach of the peace, the dif-turhance of private persons and families, and to the di(grace of the best of caulcs; Resolved unanimously, That all true Protestants be requested to shew their* attachment to their best interest, by a legal and peaceable deportment, n» all unconstitutional proceedings in so good a cause, can only tend to prevent the members of the legislature from paying due attention to the united prayers of the Protestant petition.

By order of the Committee,

London y Junes*G. Gordon, Pref."

During the four days of these tumults of which we have given an account, the Lords, Commons, Magistrates, and persons in power, of every denomination, in the great and populous cities of Lon* don and Westminster, teemed to be pa-nic-struck. What followed, involved ui it the fifety of alt that was dear and valuable to men, and threatened not: only the lives and properties of Catholics, but of all ranks from the king to the loveft mechanic. Government at length began to feel the alairn, but net time enough to prevent one cl the nv It V y boJnii;

354 An account of the tumults in London, Src. Vol. 41I

horrible seenes of desolation that was e-ter exhibited in a peaceable country.

Approach we now to the awful period, when the sovereignty of the king, and the property of the subject, rested solely on laws unsupported, and ma* gistrates confcfledly intimidated; when the very existence of the state, its treasures, its splendour, its civil and military strength, depended on the whim that an unbridled multitude should take in the direction of the mischief they were about to perpetrate, and the deftrndtion and devaluation they had already begun to carry into execution.

On Tuef'day, June 6. the day appoint-

ed to take the Protestant petition into farther considerntion [485.], the multitude assembled about the parliament-house was no less numerons than that which surrounded it on the preceding Friday. They did not, as before, regularly assemble in St George’s Fields, but came in small parties from different places. At first they seemed orderly, but apparently resolute. In the course of the afternoon more parties arrived, and they began, by degrees, to become tumultuous.

In the Hmife of Lords, this day, on reading a private bill, the Earl of Radnor took notice of the impropriety of proceeding to business when their doors were invested with a military force. There was no precedent on the Journals, of any act which had passed when their Lordships were surrounded with the military, and were seemingly prevented from exercising that freedom and independence, which gave dignity to their deliberations, and efTeft to their dcci-fions. He did not think that an act passed under such circumstances would either have the weight or the nature of a law; and he hoped their Lordships would rather chuse to postpone any business that might stand for that day, than have a precedent on their Journals, of business being transnfted under the influence of an armed force.

Lord Ravensworth lamented that the House should (till be in a fitualion so truly mortifying. The avenues were blocked lip by the fame multitude that had assaulted it on Friday last, and their Lordships were still in personal hazard in coming to their feats. He said, it was absolutely necessary that their Lordships, in conjunction with the other House, should instantly take the petition of the people under couuderation, and quell

the riots and the distempers of the people at once.

F.arl Bathurst said, that their Lordships had, on Saturday, done all that they thought proper and necessary on the occasion; and unless they should think proper to have a conference with the other House, he did not know what further they could do. There were some propositions to be made this day in the other house, and he did not doubt that their Lordships would readily wait to fee if the Commons would wish to have their concurrence.

Earl Mansfield said,that in afltheir Lord-fTiips deliberations they would wifely begin with considering the end; they should look forward to the refblt of every mea-furethey thought proper to undertake.— A conference with the other House in the present instance would not contribute to any salutary purpose. The other House were now in confederation of the matter, and this interference would only interrupt and delay their proceedings: they had done all that they thought proper and necessary in the matter upon Saturday last, and his Majesty’s ministers had taken every precaution against the attack which was made against the freedom and independence of parliament.

The Earl of Denbigh laid, that the a-venucs to the House were now so blocked up, that many Peers were prevented from coming to their feat3: he had been flopped several times in coming down to attend his duty; and Lord Sandwich had been flopped, attacked, and put in the utmost hazard of his life. He could af-sure their Lordships, that so long as the present tumults continued, he should think it dangerous to come down to the House; and miless some meafores, vigorous and effectued, were immediately taken, he did not fee how they could proceed in their business: they might adjourn from day to day, but they would be unable to proceed, if the riots were permitted to continue.

The Earl of Hillsborough begged the Noble Lord to say what further could be clone. — His Majesty’s ministers had taken every possible precaution; they had employed their whole force; but they would thank the Noble Lord to fug-gest any other more effectual step.

Earl Bathurst said, that every power which the constitution had veiled in his Majesty's ministers, had been employed, and would continue to be so.

The

July i 780.An account of die

The Earl of Abingdon begged the learned Lord to say what he meant by the conflitvtion. He declared, he did not think, by the conduit of ministers, that they knew what the constitution was. He said, the legislature could not quell the disturbance, unless they would present an address to the King to dissolve the parliament.

After some conversation of this nature, without any question, in which a letter from Lord Sandwich to Earl Mansfield was read, informing him, that as he was endeavouring to come down to the House, he had been attacked, insulted, wounded, and put in danger of his life, the House adjourned to next day.

In the House of Commons, notwithstanding the multitude’s filling up the avenues to the House, above 100 members attended in their places.

Mr Buller made federal observations, as well upon the alarming conduit of the populace, as the measures which had been taken by government to prevent the dangerous effects of the popular outrages. After which he moved four resolutions; which were agreed to

viz.

" x. That it is a gross breach of the privilege of this House, for any person to obstruct and insult the members of this House in the coming to and going from the House, and to endeavour to compel the members by force to declare themselves in favour of or against any propofi-tion then depending, or expelted to be brought, before the House.

a. That the taking possession of the lobby and the avenues to this House on Friday last, by a large and tumultuous assembly of people, and maintaining the fame, to the great obstruction t>f the bu-finel's of this House, though frequently desired by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House and by several members to withdraw, was a high violation of the privileges of this House, tending to controul the freedom of debate, and was a gross and notorious insult 011 the dignity and constitution of parliament.

3. That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions tQ-the Attorney-General, forthwith to prosecute all such persons as shall be found $.0 have been the instigators or abettors of, or altive in promoting, the riots and tumults that were on Friday last in Old palace Yard, and the avenues to this

tumults in London, &c. 3 5$

House, and that were concerned in any of the outrages committed upon the houses and chapels of any of the ministers from foreign states, or in any out-rages against the property and houses of any of his Majesty’s subjelb.

4. That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give immediate directions, that an inquiry be made into the amount of the damages occasioned by the outrages which have been committed upon the houses and chapels of any of the ministers from foreign states; and humbly to desire his Majesty. that he will be graciously pleased to order such satisfaction and recompence to be made for the fame a3 his Majesty in his wisdom shall think proper; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good the expence that shall be incurred on that account."

Mr Burke made a very animated speech upon the alarming and dangerous proceedings of the populace. He was extremely severe against those who were capable of misleading the people to such violent outrages against the laws and confliiution of their country, as well as against reason, justice, and humanity; and he dealt his censure with vehemence against government for that relaxed state of the police which could no longer pro-telt even legislature itl'elf from violence and insult at their very gates. In iliort, he felt so much for the debased dignity of parliament at that moment that he loft all temper, and bitterly lamented the fate of such times, when those who pretended to be the advocates of freedom, werecstablishing the most wretched fiavery; and exhibited the unhappy profprlt which was then at their gates, — a bludgeoned mob, and an armed fddirry I He lamented in the most melancholy terms, the dreadful necelfity that obliged the military power, the notorious bane of liberty, to be called in, to defend not only the freedom, but the very existence of parliament!

Mr Fox also lamented the necessity of calling in the assistance of the military, which he attributed solely to the weak admiuiltration of public affairs. He reprobated in terms equally warm as those of Mr Burke, the promoters of the riots; — the violence of which would degrade us, he said, in the eyes of Europe; for the world would fee, that those men who were at the head of administration Y y were

g $6 An account of the tumults In London, &c. Vol. 42*

were incapable of governing the affairs of a (late.

Sir George Saville spoke on the same side, blamed the rioters and ministers a-like; and remarked, that it was not a

little singulai* in the present mobs, that they should equally dire«5t their violence against the friends and enemies of liber* *Y-

Mr Dunning spoke nearly the fame sentiments as Mr Burke and Mr Fox, condemning the ministry, the military, and the mob. It was the general opinion of the House, that no aift of that House could be legal which was agreed to whilst the House was beset with the soldiery and a mob.

Gen. Conway, upon the above ground, and to preserve the dignity of parliament, moved, " That this House will, as soon as the tumults subside which are Dow fubGfting, proceed immediately to the due consideration of the several petitions presented to this House from, many of his Majesty’s Protestant subjects, and will take the fame into their serious deliberation.

Lord George Gordon said, that if the House would appoint a day to difeufs the hnfiness, and promise to do it to the faii: t.nftion of the people, he made no doubt but they would quietly disperse. -— Lord George, who the day before bad di fa vowed the riots, and published hand-bills recommending peace and good order, was this day observed by Col. "Herbert to have come to the House with a blue cockade in his hat; which being taken notice of as an ensign of riot, his JLordship was prevailed upon to pull it out.

Sir Fletcher Norton lamented the Ipft dignity of parliament.

Many other members delivered their sentiments. Some were for an adjournment, till the House could proceed to burincfs without being awed by any power, either of the crown or the populace. Others' thought an adjournment at such a time would be more injurious to the dignity of the House than any o-ihcr men hire they could take. But what "was to be done? Bludgeons terrified feme, anti bayonets alarmed others; but jt was the general opinion of the House to adjourn.

On a motion of Sir William Meredith, ?. committee was appointed, " to inquire into the c.aufes of the riot in the lobby avenues leading to this House on

Friday last, and the particular circumstances that attended the fame."

Then the House adjourned to Thursday, the 8th.

During the fitting of the House an attack had been made on the residence of Lord North in Downing street; but a party of light horsemet with and repul fed the atlailants. On the rising of the House, Lord George repaired to the corner of Bridge street, informed the populace what had been done, and advised them to depart quietly. In return, they un-harndfed his horses, and drew him in triumph, together with Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, who had applied to his Lordship for protection, to the house of Mr Alderman Bull. While a party of the rioters were thus employed, Justice Hyde, with a party of the guards, endeavoured to disperse the rest. At first they profil'd hard upon the guards; but the guards, in their turn, soon advanced upon them, and rode furiously among them. They did not again attempt to face the military.

In the evening, about seven o’clock, the rioters resenting the activity of Justice Hyde, a detached party attacked his house in Lille street, stript it of the furniture, and burnt it before his door, A party of the guards arrived too late j the mischief was done, and the incendiaries fled. Newgate was now their next concern, and to release their confined allociates the object they had then in view. Like regular afiailants, they did not proceed to storm before they had offered terms: They called upon Mr A-kerman the keeper to release their comrades, as the only means tofave his man-fion. This he peremptorily refused to do; but, dreading what would happen, he posted to the sheriffs to know their pleasure. In cases of emergency delays are dangerous: While the magistrates were deliberating, the gaol was set oa fire, and on his return Mr Akermaa found his house in flames. A party of constables, nearly to the number of ivo, came to his assistance: these the rioter* fuficred to pass till they were entirely encircled, and then they were attacked with great fury, their staves broken, and converted into brands, which were hurled about where-ever the fire appeared but faintly kindled. It is scarce to be credited with what celerity a gaol, which to a common observer appeared to be built with nothing that would

urn

Ad account of the tumults in London, &c.

July 1780.

burn, was destroyed by the flames: nor is it less astonishing, that from a prison thus in flames a miserable crew of felons in irons, and a compaoy of confined debtors, to the number, in the whole, of more than 300, could all be liberated, ns it were by magic, amidst flames and firebands, without the loss of a single life, some from the gloomy cells of dai k-ness in which the devoted victim9 to public justice were confined, and others from inner apartments, to which the access in tranquil times was both intricate and difficult. But what happened afterwards is not at all to be wondered at; that by a body of execrable villains thus let loose upon the public, the house of that worthy and a<5live magistrate, Sir John Fielding, should be the first mark* ed for vengeance. Accordingly, the i-rons with which they had been fettered could scarce have been unloofed before the public office in Bow street, and Sir John Fielding’s dwelling-house adjoining, were gutted, as their phrase was, and the whole contents committed to the flames. But what muff astonish the world, and is more incredible than all the wonders that have been yet related of this wonderful business, is, that the noble house of Earl Mansfield should be forcibly entered about twelve o’ clock at night; and, with all its elegant and costly furniture, its valuable paintings, and still more valuable books and manu-feripts, set on fire, in the fight of 2 or 300 soldiers, who flood tame spetflators of the conflagration, no one magistrate daring to command their service, although the Earl himself was in the house when first attacked, and Baron Hotham not far off. Can any one, after attending a moment to this fact, blame fubor-dinatc magistrates for their timidity, or, if you will, for their humanity, when the first magistrate of England suffered his own property thu9 to be destroyed, rather than expose the lives of a vast multitude of his fellow-subjects, by far the greatest part innocent, to the undif-tinguishing fury of an enraged military i — [But, according to other accounts, some (hot were fired, by which four men and one woman were killed, and seven or eight wounded.!

What followed might be expected from the same infernal crew that now commenced zealots. The prisoners in the New Frifon of Clerkenwell were dif-mi/Ted, and the number of incendiaries

357

thereby augmented. Regular notices were sent to the other prisons at what time the inhabitants might expert enlargement. Those in the Fleet begged not to be turned out at so late an hour on Tuesday night, and the compassionate mob consented not to burn the prison till the night following. In the mean time, Lord Petre’s house in Park lane; Justice Hyde’s house, at Islington; the houses of MefT. Fofter, Neal, and Bevis, near Little Turnftyle; of Mr Malo, near Moorfields' Mr Doughty, Devoushire street; Mr Cox, Great Queen street; Mr Lyon, Bunhillrow; Mr Charlton’s Coleman street; a pawnbroker’s in Golden lane; with the houses of several Catholics in obscure parts of the town, — were among the triumphs of the night; which were celebrated by a general illumination, by order of the governing mob; who were now mailers of the cities of London and Westminster, with the suburbs and country round.

It may be asked. How were the corporation of London, the citizens of Westminster, and the inhabitants of Wapping and the lower parts, employed while all this mischief was doing to individuals ? The answer is, the Lord Mayor was employed in laying before the court of Aldermen his correspondence with the secretaries of Hate, relative to the quieting the disturbance, and preventing further mischief; and all the rest of the people just enumerated were either lookers-on or liftcners.—About this time, however, parties of the military (foot and light horse) arrived in town, to the number, as it was said, of 7000 men. Yet the rioters continued theirdepredations.

From a house kept in the name of one Moore, in which is published a weekly virulent paper, intitled, The Scourge, was issued this day the following handbill.

" ENGLAND in BLOOD.

On Thursday morning, the 8th instant, at nine o’clock, will be published, in one (beet and an half folio, price only 3d. by C. Thompson, N° 159. Fleet llrect,

The THUNDERER, Addressed to Lord George Gordon, and the glorious Protejhnt shew-

ing the necessity of their persevering, and being united os one man, against the infernal designs of the ministry, to overturn the religion and civil liberties of this

count

358 An account of the tumults in London, Ac. Vol.42.

country, in order to introduce Popery and slavery. — In this paper will be given a full account of the bloody tyrannies, perfections, plots, and inhuman butcheries, exercised on the professors of the Protestant religioB in England by the fee of Rome, together with the names *«f the martyrs, and their sufferings; highly necessary to be read at this important moment by every Englishmen, who loves his God and country. — To which will be added, some reasons why the few raifguided people now in confinement for destroying the Romish chapels, should not suffer, and the

DREADFUL CONSEQUENCES OF AN ATTEMPT TO BRING THEM TO PUNISHMENT."—Mr Moore is since committed.

James Bradley being acquainted with what MelT. Gates and Clark had this day said [352.], could not contradict them; but said, that having taken the oaths to the government, he did not think he should assist a Papist; but was very willing to be informed of his duty, and to execute the fame. But the Lord Mayor, by recommendation from the court, acquainted him, that from that instant he suspended him from the place of marllial-xnan.—The court recommended to the Lord Mayor to take the most effectual methods to prevent any riots or tumults within this city that his Lordship should think proper, and the court would defray all expences.

On Wednesday, June 7. blue cockades

were become universal; blue flags were hung out at the doors or windows of almost every house in and about the metropolis; and there was hardly a house to be seen that had not written on different parts of it, the watch-word of the insurgents, " No Popery." Even the charity-houses for the old and helpless, and the parish-workhouses were covered in a manner with fcrawls of chalk, of " No Popery; God bless Lord George Gordon." All those whose bulinds would permit them to leave town, retreated with affright into the country; those who had families, and whose attention to their property kept them in town, sent off their children in whatever vehicles they could procure, not feru-pling any price. As for the sick, the a-ged, and the infirm, who could not be moved, or who had not the means to pay for removing the mselvea, they were Under the fad necessity of ^biding the

vent, having the dreadful prospect before them, of being torn in pieces by the rebellious malecontents, or of expiring amidst the flames of their burning houses.

Desperate bodies of men patrolled the streets, many of them aping a military regularity, marching in files, armed with a variety of weapons, the most conspicuous and numerous of which were the pointed iron palisadoes torn from the buildings they had destroyed. They raised contributions from all passengers, whether on foot or in carriages, and regularly went up one side of the streets and down the other, knocking at the doors of the houses and- demanding money. Some asked only for Aiillings, others would have crowns, and many would take nothing but gold. Many houses were forced to pay three times over to different parties.

Early in the morning the insurgents sent notice to the King’s-bench and Fleet prisons, that they intended to burn both places, and deiiring the prisoners to remove their goods. The keepers of these prisons set open the doors, thereby giving the prisoners an opportunity of removing their effects; which they did with great afiiduity.

The prisons were all to be destroyed, that there might be no place to confine the insurgents, should any of them be seized; the water-pipes were to be cut off; the Museum, the Tower, the grand arsenal at Woolwich, and the Royal Exchange, were also to be destroyed; and above all, the Pay-offices, the Bank, and the Royal Palaces, were to be (termed and plundered; and to reoder complete the ruin of individuals and the public, the Temple, Lincoln's and Gray’s inn, as well as all other public buildings, were devoted to destruction.

At a court of common council held this day it was unanimously resolved. That the Sheriffs of London be ,desired to raise the posse comitatis immediately, and to pursue, with the Lord Mayor and other magistrates of this city, the most effectual legal means for restoring the public peace: That the thanks of the court be given to the Military Afiocia-tion, for the offer of their services to rc-store the peace of this city, and that it be recommended to the sheriffs of this city to accept their offer: That the Sheriffs of London be requested to take the military force under their command, and endeavour particularly to protect

the

July 17*0. An Ettount of the tumults in London, &c. 3 59

the Manfioo-house, Guildhall, Bank of Eoglaod, or any other place that is in danger: That the thanks of this court be given to the officers of the Militia of the city of London, for the voluntary offer of their services, and that they be requeued to put themselves under the direction of the Sheriffs of London. — A petition to parliament, praying for a repeal of the ad in favour of Roman- Catholics, was resolved on.

The House of Lords met this day, but did little business; and adjourned to the Monday following.

The committee appointed by the Commons to inquire into the caul'e and motives of the present riots, fat for the first time.

The guards encamped this day in St James’s park, with twenty pieces of cannon, and there was likewise an encampment of military and militia in Hyde park: the yeomen of the guards, marlbalmen, and all his Majesty’s dome-Hies at St James’s, and at the Queen’s palace, were ordered to be on duty all sight, and were furnished with arms to rted any violence; and every necessary precaution was taken at the Tower, to repel a threatened attack on that grand arienal of arms and stores.

About four after noon 500 soldiers trrre Rationed in the Royal Exchange, and a strong party in the court of the Rank; all the afternoon troops were taking post in the streets adjoining to and leading to the Bank and Lombard street, to protect the private bankers; the London military association occupied fBroad street, where in the course of the night they did capital service.

The Lord Mayor and Sheriffs kept patrolling the streets, and when they met bodies of the insurgents they talked and reasoned with them. The officers of the fix militia regiments summoned every bookkeeper in the city, cither to fend a man, or come under arms themselves at beat of drum; but the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs taking it into consideration, countermanded the order.

Regiments of horse and foot kept inarching into town. As salt as they arrived they were ordered to the most important posts. Betides the places already mentioned, military were polled at the Excise and Post offices, and at Wood-street and the Poaltry compters. Strong guards were font to the New-river head,

the Inns of Court, and the Mansion-house. Most of the members ot both Houses of Parliament who had house3 in town, applied for guards.

In the afternoon the privy council, fipding that the magistrates and the civil authority had been overpowered for so many days, and that the magistrates would not authorise the military to endeavour to quell the insurrection, issued the following proclamation.

George R.

Whereas a great number of disorderly persons have assembled themselves together in a riotous and tumultuous manner, and have been guilty of many alts of treason and rebellion, having made an assault on the gaol of Newgate, set loose the prisoners confined therein, and set fire to and destroyed the said prison; and whereas houses are now pulling down in several parts of our cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof, and files kindled for consuming the materials and furniture of the fame, whereby it is become absolutely necessary to use the most effectual means to quiet such dilhirbances, to preserve the lives and properties of individuals, and to restore the peace of the country: We therefore, taking the fame into our most serious confederation, have thought fit, by and with the advice of our privy council, to issue this our royal proclamation, hereby strictly charging and exhorting all our loving subjects to preserve the peace, and to keep themselves, their fervaDts, and apprentices, quietly within their respective dwellings, to the end that all well*disposed persons may avoid those mischiefs which the continuance of such riotous proceedings may bring upon the gulity: And as it is necessary, from the circumstances before mentioned, to employ the military force, with which we are by law entrusted, for the immediate fupnreflion of such rebellious and traitorous attempts, now making against the peace and dignity of our crown, and the safety of the lives and properties of our subjects, we have therefore issued the most direct and effectual orders to all our officers, by an immediate exertion of their utmost force, to repress the fame; of which all persons are to take notice."—Dated June 7.

Conformably to this proclamation the following orders were issued.

" Adjutant-

360 An account of the tumults in London, Ac. Vol.42,

Adjutant-General’s office, June 7.

ORDERS.

In obedience to an order of the King in Council, the military to act without waiting for directions from the civil magistrates, and to use force for dispersing the illegal and tumultuous assemblies of the people.

W. Amherst, Adjutant-General."

This proclamation and these orders gave rife to a false report that martial law was declared.

About fix in the evening great bodies of the insurgents assembled in different quarters of the town. One strong party went over Blackfriars bridge, first flop* ping some time at Bridewell hospital. On their arrival at the King’sbench prison they were joined by the Borough rioters, and immediately set fire to the prison, now cleared of its inhabitants; the mltrfhal of the prison, Thomas, having previously set the prisoners at liberty, and given them time to carry off their furniture, or what little necessaries they had. This very extensive prison, which had been but a short time before greatly enlarged and rebuilt, was instan-taneously in flames, from the fire balls and chymion! preparations thrown in by the iidurgents, and with which they were well provided. This prison kept burning furiously all night. They also burnt the large elegant house near the prison, belonging to Mr Thomas the marshal. The new Bridewell in St George’s fields was also burnt at the lame time.

Another formidable body broke into the Fleet prison, now also clear of prisoners, and set it on fire: it continued burning with great violence all night. This prison was also quite new, having been but lately totally rebuilt.

A third strong body of the insurgents went again to the unfortunate Mr Lang-dale's at Holborn bridge, where the night before, and all this day and pait of the evening, they had spirits brought out to them in as great plenty as they chose to drink or to call for. About seven o’clock in the evening the y forced their way into the still house, rolled out the calks of spirits, of which numbers of them drank immoderately. Whilst this was going on, others were plundering and gutting the inside of the house: they threw or brought out every thing that would burn, and all the empty casks from the itUl-house, piled them up vp-

pofite to St Andrew’s church, and madd an immense bonfire. About nine at night the back part of the still-house was set on fire, the spirits that remained soon blazed up with incredible fury, shooting upwards, as they catched, in columns of fire. The flames soon reached the back parts of the houses in Field lane, where several were burnt down. About ten o’clock they reached the front of Mr Langdale’s dwelling-house, which, with two houses on one side, and one on the other fide, were entirely consumed.

About half past nine o’clock, the time this house was set on fire, a large body of insurgents, preceded by a man with a flag, went up Holborn hill to a new house just above Fetter lane, also belonging to Mr Langdale, or rather to his son, which had a large distil-house be* hind it. Into this house they instantly burst, demolished the windows, threw* all the furniture and utensils out into the street, where they were burnt and many casks of spirits were rolled ont, emp* tied in the street, and the casks thrown oh the bonfire. At half past ten the house was set on fire: the flames communicated to Bernard’s inn, part of which was burnt. About eleven, that is half an hour after the house was set on fire, a party of the Northumberland militia came into Holborn: they had marched that day near forty miles, and the moment they arrived at their place of rendezvous, which was Lincoln’s-Inn fields, they were sent into Holborn. As soon as they appeared before the bonfire in front of Mr Langdale’s house, the insurgents attacked them. The party then discharged their pieces; but, as they were only loaded with powder, no harm was done, Thi3 experiment was tried to intimidate the ruffians; for strict orders had been given, to use every lenient measure before coming to extremity. But it had no efteiff. The insurgents continuing their attack, and one of the officers being very much huit, it way found absolutely necessary to fire with ball. Yet this firing was very prudently conducted: for the soldiers were not permitted to fire along the street; their officer drew their, up on the north fide of Holborn, fronting the bonfire and the house on fire, so that no person could be hurt but those who were rioting round the fire, burning the furniture and calks, and those who were still in the house plundering it. By this !V;c.nd firing two or

July 1780. An account of the tumults in London, &c. 361

or three wece killed. This judicious conduit of the officer deserves great praise, for the streeta were much crowded with people moving their most valuable goods, as they could not know where the fire would stop. No innocent person could suffer by this firing, for it went directly across the bonfire into the house on fire. This second volley had the proper efielt,* and drove off the in-furgents from the front of the house. But many rioters and plunderers were still within, the fire not yet having reached the front of the house. When any of these appeared at the doors or windows, the soldiers on the flank of the party ran up in an Indian file, that is each man singly following the track of the first, to the door or windows, and gave their fire, each man filing off as he fired. Thi9 continued till two o’clock. Both in this upper house of Mr Langdale’s, and in the lower house at Holborn bridge, numbers of the mif* creants got so intoxicated, that they fell upon the spot, and were either burnt, suffocated, or (mothered by the falling in of the roofs; for many bodies partly burnt, and others without any marks of burning, have been dug out of the ruins. Many also died of the excessive draughts which they took of the unrectified fpi-rfts. Within a few hours after the calks had been turned out, numbers on both fides of the streets were seen lying on the ground dead drunk. Such vast numbers of calks of spirits were rolled out of the upper ftlll-house, and staved, that the kennel ran with spirits; which being taken for water, was dammed up, and served to the engines playing on the houses adjoining to the lower house at Holborn bridge; for when the flamea threatened that whole neighbourhood, two engines were permitted to play.

All over the town the inhabitants were obliged to illuminate, as on Tuesday night, and contributions were levied at the houses all the day and night; many people paying four, five, and fix times to different parties.

But the grand object of the insurgent9 was the Bank. Between nine and ten seems to have been the appointed hour of mischief, as all the different conflagrations were then begun. About a quarter past nine the attack on the Bank began. The fires just lighted in so many different quarters, seem to have been designed to draw away part of th« detachments from around the Bank. Luckily they had not the effect. All the a-Vol.XLII.

venues to the Bank were well guarded: A strong party at the Poultry barred the passage that way; another occupied Bartholomew lane on the other fide; a third and stronger party possessed the Royal Exchange in front of the Bank; a fourth were (tationed within the Bank court; the rear of the Bank they could not get at without first demolishing a street of houses: no way was open for thegi but Threadneedle street, and on coming out there they were exposed to the posts at the*Exchange, Bartholomew lane, and at the Bank. The first attack of the in* furgents began at the Poultry, to force the main passage: the object was too important to trifle with them; about a dozen solid platoons beat them back. At the same time another choice body of the insurgents, joined by the most de-sperateof the Borough rioters, made the grand attack on the Bank itself by Threadneedle street. To excite the felons the more warmly, a horse loaded with the chains of Newgate preceded instead of colours. Here they made a desperate attack, and drove back the horse with their cutlasses: but they were received by the foot in the same manner as at the Poultry; about a dozen solid platoons difeomfited them.

At the Fleet prison the rioters continued till three in the morning; when the military, after shewing most astonishing patience and forbearance, fired on them; by which three were killed.

In Broad street the insurgents demolished two houses: they were opposedl by the gentlemen of the London Military Association, who at last were forced to fire, and killed nine; but the number of wounded is not known. The insurgents were completely defeated here likewise.

The Toll-houses on Blackfriars bridge were also burnt. The insurgents here got a very considerable booty in halfpence. Between one and two in th 2 morning, a party of light horse came, and disturbed them in the midst of their plundering. One or two were killed, and several wounded, some of whom have sincedied in the hospital.

The inhabitants in the villages round London were up the greatest part of this night; they thought the whole city was on fire, so many places were in flames at the same time. The wind being north-east, those to leeward could, at a great distance, distinctly hear the voices of the ringleaders, give the word when to huzza. In all about thirty-two platoons Z z weri

362 Trials of the RiotersJ ' V0U42*

were heard, with innumerable dropping and scattered (hot at intervals. The tremendous roaring and raging noise of the insurgents abated considerably after the firings; their leaders with great difficulty could get them to huzza; their voice's were clearly heard spiriting up the wretches they headed; and when they did huzza, it was in a very faint broken manner. In fa&, before day-light on Thtirfday morning, people who had attended to the progress of these infur-reSior.s, declared, that they were in a great respect already flip pressed.

During this night there were great commotions at the New Gaol, Marshalsea, Borough Clink, and in Kent street, Where the watch-houses were destroyed. The infnrgents who remained at the KingVbench, got so intoxicated in the sight, that they quarrelled among them-Jelvis, and attacked each other with brickbats, by which severalof them were maimed.

Nothing could make a more dreadful appearance than the city of London and its environs on this night. The huge bodies of fire iflning from the di.Tcrcnt conflagrations of the Fleet ptifon, K'tigV bench, the Toll-houses on Blackfriars bridge, together with Mr Langdale the cfiltiller's two housei? and warehouses on Holboi n bridge, and the top of the hill, and oilier fmailer fires, and the illuminations ail ascending into the air, and consolidating together, formed an at-mosphere of flames, impressing the mind of the spectator with an idea, as if not only the whole metropolis was burning, but all nations yielding to the final consummation of things.

Had the Bank, Dolors Commons, and the public offices, been the first ob-irfls of the fury of the insurgents, in-ib;ad of Newgate, the Fleet, and the King's-bench prisons, let any rational mind figure to it ft If the confusion that ir.uft have enfwcd, the ruin that would have been spread, the distresses in which orphans, widows, natives, and foreigners, persons of all ranks and conditions, in whatever Ration, in whatever employment, would have been involved, by the annihilation of so many hundreds of millions of property, npvd the total abolition of all public credit ! Who can but for a moment think on the danger, without looking up to Heaven in grateful acknowledgement to the Supreme Being f*; so fig ml a national deli vet rice

LTV be ewtimed.2

Trials of the Rioters at the Old Bailey.

‘'T'H E Recorder gave his charge to the A grand jury in the court of fetlion at Guildhall, which was greatly crowded, on

Monday, June 16.----- He said, hefliouU

not think he had acquitted himself in the discharge of his duty, if he did not endeavour to throw out some hints whereby the gentlemen might understand the nature of the extraordinary business that would come before them. He then entered into a diferimination of the offences recently committed, and gave a description of the crimes. The grand jury (he said) should distinguish between misdemeanora and felonies. Those who directed their attention to any particular chapel, were guilty of misdemeanor or-felony, according to the part they a£ied; and those who combined for a general dvflruction, were guilty of high treason against the Rate. The learned Serjeant reprobated the proceedings of the law-ids rabble in terms of great indignation i He compared them to the havock which a conqueror makes in an enemy’s country; and said, the devastations lately made were astonishing, and terrible in their cfltds. After touching on the late dreadful lcenes with some energy, hedc-fired the jury would blot them from their memories when they came upon their duty, and decide without the fraal-left prejudice: they were to receive and confiJcr evidence with caution, and particularly to remember the confusion of the times, which was such as would render it highly incumbent upon the witnesses to be very circumfped in their testimony. On the one hand, the grand jury were to be the guardians of the liberty of the subject, and to prevent im-. proper motives having an influence to overturn the principles of fair and impartial justice taking place towards every man charged as a public offender. It was their province also to bring criminals of so singular a degree to the bar of Justice, that they may be dealt with according to their deserts. They were to act with firinness and impartiality, re-gardlcfs of threats, and without favour or aji'ctfion. Having said much more on the subject, the Recorder concluded, with thanking them for coming forward with alacrity at this particular period, to perform a very disagreeable and trou-bluome office, not altogether free from the most krious danger.

July 1^80.' Trials of the

The judges were, the Lord Chief Ba-Eon Skynner, and the Judges Alhurll and Nares. —The trials began on the 28th of June, and were continued on June 29. & 30. and July 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.10. & 11. when the sections ended. —

A party of light horse kept continually patrolling the neighbourhood of the sessions-house, to prevent any tumultuous assembling.

As among the whole number of rioters tried there was not one person of any note, it would be wafting room to be minute; we shall therefore give only the numbers tried, and the names of those condemned; mentioning only a few particulars.

In the trial of Henry John Mafkall, apothecary, for being accessory in the demolition of the Earl of Mansfield’s house, (of which charge he was by the jury found not guilty), Sir Thomas Mills deposed. That about a quarter after twelve on Tuesday night, or rather Wednesday morning, he was in Lord Mansfield’s house. He then first heard the mob coming. They began with breaking the windows of the dining parlour. The ladies came down Hairs, and he conduced Lady Mansfield to Lincoln’s-inn fields. Returned, and found a party of the guards opposite his Lordship’s house. He begged the officer to *nter the House with his men. The officer said, the justtces of the peace had all run away, and he would not aft without the civil magistrate. Sir Thomas had warm words with the officer, but the officer would not aft.

The following sixteen prisoners who had been capitally convicted, were brought to the bar, July 5. to receive sentence, viz. William Brown, Richard Roberts, "William Pateman, William Lawrence, Thomas Taplin, William Macdonald, George Barton, James Henry, Edward Dennis the executioner, Enoch Fleming, John Morris, Mary Robert?, Charlotte Gardner, William Fofter, John Gray, and George Kennedy.

The Recorder, previous to his parting judgement, addressed them In a speech which did honour to that humanity which has been so conspicuous in his svhole conduct towards the unfortunate rioters. — He described the heinous na-thre of their offence; and told them, That they flood convicted, on the fullcft evidence, by a jury who had shewn themlelres most favourable and merciful,

Rioters. 363

in their careful attention to every circumftaoce that might tend to vindicate the innocence of the unhappy prisoners; that if any circumstances remained in favour of any of them, they should be faithfully represented by him to his Majesty, whose mercy alone could mitigate their sentence: That they ought to consider how their crimes had endangered the peace, the property, and even the lives, of many of the inhabitants of this city; and rendered it more like a town delivered into the hands of an enemy to be sacked and pillaged, than one that remained under the authority of a well-ordered government: That the safety of the city, that every motive of justice towards the honest part of the community, required that some examples should be, made for the preservation of their peace in future: That for his own part, he. never felt himself so unhappy in the discharge of his office, as in being obliged to pals sentence on so many wretched persons, who had brought themselves into their present situation, either by their own wickedness or infatuation: That his pain, however, was greatly alleviated by what had been the conduct of the jurymen, who had all along beeu so attentive to every favourable circumstance for the prisoners, and who so humanely tempered the decisions of justice with the feelings of mercy: That it now'* only remained for him to pronounce the sentence; which, though awful and Ic-vere, was yet necessary and just, viz. That they should be taken to the piace from whence they came, and from thence to the place of execution, and there be hung by the neck till they were dead; and may God be merciful to their fouls."

Judge Ashurt informed the jury, July 8. that the Twelve Judges had determined, " That the evidence of informers was admissible on trials for life and death."

The following nineteen prisoners, \v1k> had been capitally convicted, were brought to the bar to receive sentence, viz. George Staples, John Glover and Benjamin Bow fey Negroes, Thoma* Haylock, Francis Mockworth, James Jackson, Theophilus Browne, Jonathan Stacey, John Gamhel, James Bueklev, Benjamin Waters, Samuel Solomon, Jo-feph Matks, Charles Kent, Letitia Holland, William Avery, John Burgec, Thomas Price, and fames Bird.

The Recorder-addressed theft: unhappy

Z ptibc.9

364 Trials of the Rioters. Vol 42.

persons in a very sensible and pathetic speech. He informed them, that if there were any favourable circumstances in their cafe&, they must now represent them to his Majesty, who alone could extend mercy. He expatiated on the enormity of their offences, and their dreadful tendency to society. He said, that his own feelings in discharge of the most painful part of his duty, and the regret which every man must feel at seeing such a number of unhappy persons sentenced to the just punishment of their offences, were considerably abated by the extreme tenderness and care which the juries, and every other person concerned in the administration of justice on the melancholy occasion, had exercised. He exorted them, that the sense of the enormity of their offences might be impressed on their minds and consciences; that they might employ the short time allowed them to live, in preparing themselves for that mercy at a higher and more important tribunal, which the laws of civil society could not extend to them. He then proceeded to pass sentence of death.

The number tried was; of whom 35 were capitally convicted, 7 convicted of Tingle felony, and 43 acquitted.

Fifty of the rioters were tried by a special commission, to continue till the 29th of July, at St Margaret’s Hill, Southwark, before the Lord Chief Justice Loughborough, Mr Justice Gould, Mr Baron Eyre, and Mr Justice Buller. We have inserted the Lord Chief Justice’s charge to the grand jury entire [337], as taken in short hand.—The trials began on Turi'day July 11. and were continued every day till Tuesday, July 18. inclusive, Sunday excepted.

On the first trial, Mr Wallace, the Attorney-General, stated the general law to the grand jury, That though the prisoners should not be found to have taken an active part with their hands, yet if they were proved to have encouraged the mob to acts of outrage by their presence, they would in thecon-strudion of law be equally guilty.

William Hayter was tried for pulling down the house of Mr French, of East lane, June 7. It was proved, that in Mr French’s house he had examined the people respecting their religion, and talked much about the scriptures and St Paul, and against Popery; and also declared, that he would be glad to fee all

estates so levelled, that no man in the kingdom should be possessed of more than a thousand a-year. He was found guilty, but recommended to mercy the jury. Baron Eyre said, he would very willingly concur with the jury in a ny proper measure; but he referred it to their own prudence to consider, how far it would be proper to recommend to mercy a man who had broached a doctrine, so dangerous to the state, and to society, as that of levelling fortunes, which could not be done without robbery to the present proprietors of estates worth more than a thousand a-year. The jury acquiefqgd in this remonstrance. Hayter, though he was so full of religious conversation, got so intoxicated with the liquor in Mr French’s cellars, that he fell on the spot. Early next morning he was found dead drunk by Mr French’s servants.

Before Lord Loughborough summed up the evidence against John Barton, who was tried, July 14. for pulling down the house of Edward Dodd in Lombard street. he laid, he had been considering with his brothers on the bench, whether the prisoner might be benefited by any doubt of law upon the construction of the statute; as it nad not been proved, that there were so many as twelve persons concerned in destroying the house: one had sworn fie believed there were about twelve in number; another, that there were about half a (bore: and if the numbers could make any thing in favour of the prisoner in point of law, every allowance would be made for him. They were however all of opinion, that no doubt could arise upon the construe-tion of the act of parliament. Any number were sufficient in point of law to constituto a riot; it is not necessary that there should be so many as twelve io number.

On Saturday July 1 j. twenty prisoners, who had then oeen convicted, were put to the bar, to receive sentence, vie. joleph and Robert Lovell, father and ton, gypsies, William Hayter, Charles King, Thomas Murray (a youth scarce sixteen, but who had been in Bridewell, who was in the county-jail on two indictments for highway-robberies on the 7th of June, and was then let out by the rioters, and was tried for pulling down, with others, the house of Paul Primary, in the borough), Edward Dorman, Henry Wadham, Mary Cook, Su-

lannah

JtilfijSo. Trials of die Rioters* 3

fhnnah Howard, Samvel Lyman, John Hyde, William Inbed, Samuel Jordan, George Fletcher, James Palmer, Benjamin Rowland, Oliver Johnson, Eliz. Collins, Theodore Atkinson, and John Barton. —- Lord Loughborough ad- dressed them as follows. " You have each of you been indicted for several offences, in unlawfully demolishing and pulling down the dwelling-houses of several different persons; and for your trials you have put yourselves upon God and your country. You have bad a full trial by a jury of your country; f hat jury has convicted you upon the cleared and fulled evidence: you have all of you had the benefit of a trial by a jury, who have not only been attentive, intruded, and enlightened, but full of humanity apd compassion; who have omitted no circumstance that could induce them to entertain the lead favourable opinion in the case of any of the prisoners that have come before them; you dand therefore now objects of the judice and of the fe-verity of the law; your lives are forfeited to the law, for very dangerous offences committed against the property of your neighbours, and the peace of the country. The end of all punishment is example: the danger and enormity of the offences that have lately been committed will require a severe example, to deter such of your associatcs as have not been detected, and all others, from committing ft»ch dangerous excesses. Among the number of those unhappy ob-jeda who are now before me, it is possible there may be found some persons less guilty, towards whom his Majesty may be induced to shew that mercy which is ever near to his royal bread; but as all of you have forfeited your lives to the judice of your country, let me intreat you, that none of you will flatter himself, that it will be his or her lot to be raved: the necessity of public judice requires a severe and a drong example. If there are any whose cases are more favourable than others, (and I am very sorry to lay there are very few cases marked with any circumstances of favour), those indances will be, which is the only satisfaction you can now fee), as fairly represented as they will bear. The tenderness of the jury has induced them, among the number that now dand to receive sentence, to recommend three [Hayter. Palmer, and Barton] particular objects to mercy: 1 shall think it my

duty, upon every occasion, to represent how excellent the conduct and behaviour of that jury who made that recommendation has been*; at the same time I shall think it my duty, painful as it is, where, in my opinion, circumstances occurred that ought to turn back the tide of mercy, to date those circumstances, though they make against the recommendation: let not, therefore, those persons who have had the benefit of a recommendation to mercy from the jury, flatter themselves that their case is certain to be saved: 1 am much afraid that certainly all of ,them cannot be saved; and therefore each of them should suppose that their case may be to be among the sufferers, in order that they, together with all the others, may have all that time which now remains for consideration in (their unhappy situation. There is time for you all to turn your minds to the fountain of mercy, where mercy and judice can be reconciled by ways inscrutable to our underdandings. You will have the benefit of the aflid~ ance of a worthy and pious clergyman, to direct your thoughts to a proper preparation for^that more awful tribunal before which you are shortly to appear: 1 trud that you will make good use of the time that will remaio. 1 trud the approach of that day which the commandments of God has directed to be kept holy, will dispose your minds and hearts to a better frame; and that you will avail yourselves of the time the indulgence of the law allows, between the sentence and the execution, to prepare yourselves for mercy, if mercy should be the fate of any; if not, to receive that awful dissolution of life by the hands of public judice, with a due reverence to the laws of your country, and with a proper temper of mind becoming Chri-dians.— Nothing now remains to me, but the painful part of pronouncing the fenteoce of the law. The sentence of the law is, and the court awards it. That you, and every one of you, be taken from hence to the place from whence you came, and from thence to a place of execution, and that you be there hanged by the neck until you are dead; and may the Lord have mercy upon all your fouls !" — The prisoners all fell upon their knees, and cried, Amin.

William Saunders, a lad about sixteen, was tried for beginning to pul) down a house. One witnefo fworc, that Saunders

3*56 Trials of the Hbiers* Sir’Fr. Drake^ VOL42.

ders broke a pane of glass in the house with astick; that he (the witness) immediately said to him. Begone, you little rafeal 1 what bufinest have you here ? upon which Saunders went away, and returned no more.----- Lord Loughbo-

rough said to Mr Howarth, counfd for the crown, that the boy’s case was but just within the law, and he wished Mr Howarth to relieve him and the jury. Mr Howarth consented to drop the prosecution; and the jury brought in a ver-ditfl. Not guilty.

James Ewer, who had given evidence against one of the prisoners on the 15th, informed the court, that he had been threatened by the lieutenant of the press-gang to which the prisoner belonged, to impress him. The court immediately dispatched a meifcnger after the lieutenant. When he arrived, Lord Loughborough made some very pointed observations on the impropriety of any person’s endeavouring to intimidate witnesses from giving evidence, or insulting them for having given it; and informed this young gentleman, who did not seem to know the consequence of impeding the administration of justice, or to be sensible of the lenity of the court, that Ewer musc be expressly under his protection, and that he mud give it in orders to all his men, to protect him, as be would answer for any insult or injury offered him at his peril.

On Tuesday, July 18. four more prisoners were brought to the bar, and had sentence of death parted on them by Lord Loughborough, thus.—" Henry Penny, John Bridport, Richard Miller, Joseph Haynes, You have each of you been indicted for the several offences of pulling down dwelling-houses; for your trial you have put yourselves upon God and your country; and you have been con-viCied of these offences by a verJiCt of your country. I trust it will be unne-ceiTury for me to enlarge to any of you upon the nature of the offences that you have committed. The fellowrtiip you niuft have had with the unfortunate men, upon whom it has lately been my misfortune to have parted a similar sentence, inuft, 1 hope and trust, have awaked in your minds p.just sense of your offences, and produced in you sentiments befitting the situation in which you stand. The only part of the duty imposed upon me that I can ever discharge without pain, will be, to represent, at the foot of the throve, those circumstancca that may

dratf forth* his Majesty's clemency td such of you as shall seem to deserve it. — Two of the unhappy men whom I now address, have severally upon their trials met with a favourable representation from the jury; but it is my duty not to awaken a false hope, nor suffer it to rife in the mind of any one of who heard that recommendation, and was tried upon a second charge, upon which the sentiments of the jury did not support their first wish for mercy. It is uncertain what effect any representation that may be made of your cases can have to obtain mercy upon earth; it i?, i am afraid, but too certain, that, in toirpaf-lion to all his Majesty’s subjects, mercy cannot reach all of you; it is therefore the duty, and it will be the interest, of each of you, to suppose that he is amongst the number ot person3 who can find no mercy here; and it will then only remain that you all apply yourfeives, with fervency and devotion, to obtain mercy of that awful power, who par-doneth and absolveth all them that truly repent, and unfeignedly conless their faults."--- The sentence wa3 then pro-

nounced in the usual form.

The Lord Chief Justice then dismissVd the grand and petit jurors, with polite-acknowledgements for their attendance and attention.

At St Margaret’s hill, the number* tried was 50; of whom 14 were capitally convicted, and 26 were acquitted.

In all tried, at the Old Bailey and St Margaret’s-hill, 135; of whom 59 were convicted.

Sir Francis Drake: anecd- ts.

rpHE late Sir Francis Drake having tell in with a French 60 gun ship off Cape Saint Vincent’s, which he, though in a frigate of only 28 guns, engaged, and by a variety of devices, and plying the Frenchmen close with all h<9 guns, at last forced to strike her colours, and brought her safe into Portsmouth, was surprised on his arrival, at an order for him not to go on shore till he had received the royal pardon for Hiking his ship’s crew; which accordingly came down to him a few days after. " \Vel), (lays the Captain), if it be a crime fur a little Engliiii ship to take a large Frenchman, 1 must quit the service, and get promoted; for I plainly fee 1 shall be often making an attempt to be guilty of such crimes."

TAR-

JuW 1580. Parliament: Commons on Popery. 367

PARLIAMENT. [318.]

On the ad of June a petition of his Majesty’s loyal Protestant subjects of the cities of London and Westminster, borough of Southwark, and their environs, was presented to the Commons [183]), and read; fitting forth, That the petitioners, fenlible of the many blefiings which, asProtestantsand Britons,they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an act, passed in the 18th year of the reign of his present Majesty, repealing certain penalties and disabilities imposed on the Papists by a statute enacted in the nth and nth years of William III. for further preventing the growth of Popery; and it is with the deepest concern that they petition this Honourable House against a law which has already received the royal assent; but, as this act was so suddenly introduced, and so hastily patted, before the sense of the nation at large could be obtained, or any opposition formed against it, they are encouraged to hope that this application will not prove too late for redress; and that, notwithstanding the late ad might be intended to repeal only detached parts of a single fta-ttite, the petitioners conceive that it is an absolute repeal of the most elsential clauses in that statute, and will operate virtually to render those acts against the Papists that are yet unrepealed of none effect; and that the petitioners apprehend, that the Papills construe the late indulgence of parliament to be a toleration of Popery, as appears by the mass-houses and schools which they are opening throughout the kingdom, and by their printing Popish books, and publicly exposing them to sale; and that Po-pith bishops, priests, Jesuits, and school-m afters, now openly t-xercife their functions; whereby the people, especially the rising generation, arc in danger of being led into superstition, idolatry, and rebellion; and that Papists can now purchase what lands, tenements, or hereditaments, they please, and inherit the fame; that they will thereby influence our elections in future parliaments, and that this must tend to the destruction of our happy constitution; and that as Papists can now by legal authority confess the ecclesiastical or spiritual jurisdiction of the Pope and fee of Rome, which our laws, before the passing of the late have constantly disavowed, the petitioners are very mpeh planned left

they should be involved in the guilt of perjury, when called to declare upon oath, That no foreign prince, person, prelate, state, or potentate, hath any jurisdiction or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual, in this realm and that Popery is in its nature intolerant, in a Protestant country seditious, and in this kingdom difafRded to the present reigning family, and therefore to encourage it tends to the subversion of the state, to dethrone the King, and to set aside the succession of the illustrious house of Hanover to the crown of this kingdom; and that as England and Scotland are united, the petitioners cannot but think it ahardship upon the people of England, to have Popery countenanced among them by law, when their brethren in Scotland have been officially allured that no law shall be made to favour Popery in that country; and the petitioners presume, that their peaceable deportment, and the constitutional steps they have taken to obtain redress, will meet the approbation of this Honourable House; and that the petitioners do not desire to perfeente the Fapifts, but to preserve themselves and their posterity from a repetition of those rebellious and bloody Scenes which Popery, under pretence of promoting the interest of the church, has exhibited in these kingdoms: where-’ fore, to preserve the succession of the illustrious house of Hanover in the Protestant line, and to secure our civil and religious liberties against the incroachments of Popery to the latest posterity, the petitioners humbly pray, that leave may be given to bring in a bill, to repeal the alately passed in favour of the Papists.

The petition was referred to a committee of the whole house,—And a motion being made, for the House to resolve itself immediately into the said committee, another motion was made, to adjourn; which passed in the negative. Then the question being put, for the House to resolve itself into the said committee, the house was informed, that a large and tumultuous crowd had filled the lobby and passages leading to the House: and the Serjeant at Arms having informed the House, that it waj not in his power to clear the lobby, mv Speaker directed him to fend for the sherifff and other magistrates of the county of Middlesex and city of Westminster, to attend the House immediately. Af<*

368 Parliament: Commofit on Popery. Yd. 42.

ter some tine several justices attending, Mr Speaker informed them, that it was their duty to preserve the peace, and for that punx>fe they had authority to call forth, if necessary, the whole power of the county to their assistance; he there-fore directed them to use their utmost exertions to restore peace and good order.— The House being informed, some time after, that the lobby was cleared, the question passed in the negative; and the House resolved to go into the committee on the Tuesday following, and ttf adjourn till that day.

A petition of his Majesty’s loyal Protestant subjects of the town and county of Newcastle upon Tyne, and its environs, was presented, and read; containing the lame allegations and prayer as the petition just mentioned; and it was referred to the committee to whose consideration that petition was referred.

On the 19th of June, the day the House met after an adjournment of ten days, a petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, was prefen ted to the Commons, and read; setting forth, That since the ad ii® & ia° Will. III. for the further preventing the growth of Poperythe Papists have experienced no persecution, and the state has enjoyed perfrd tranquillity; and that repealing part of that ad has occasioned much discontent, and produced dangerous tumults; and therefore praying. That the ad 180 Geo. III. for relieving his Majesty’s subjects profdEng the Popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act ix° & xi° Will. III. thtfurther preventing the growth of -ry," may be repealed; that being, in the petitioners opinion, the most probable means of immediately quieting the minds of the people.

Mr Wilkes expressed his disapproba-tion of this petition, because it had the air of having been smuggled through the common council, being brought forward at a time when a great many members, presuming all the burtness of the day was over, had retired from the hall. The principle of the petition also met his disapprobation; because it prayed for a total repeal of the Roman-Catholic ad, when a partial one was all that ought to be required. —Mr Sawbridge seconded Mr Wilkes in this idea. Both were fe-vere upon Mr Bull* for bringing the petition into the court of common council; and for not »only having been very inactive in maintaining peace In his ward, but for having given countenance to the mob, by suffering the constables to wear blue cockades, and frequently to cry out, " No Popery!" — Mr Alderman Bull declared, the burtness was conducted openly, and that the Aldermen Wilkes and Sawbridge had each notice given them of the burtness intended to be moved.

The petition was referred to thea-

forementioned committee.----- Several o-

ther petitions for repealing the ad 18* Geo. III. both before and after those here mentioned were presented; and all were referred to the fame committee.

This committee fat on the aoth.—* Lord Beauchamp opened the debate. The people, his Lordship said, bad been alarmed without any just foundation: for notwithstanding the repeal of the penal clauses of K. William’s bill, there still remained several penal statutes against the Catholics, which laid them open to very heavy punishments; nothing, therefore, had been less granted to them than an establishment of their religion. His Lordship insisted, that the petitioners, from their misconception of the late ad, had ventured assertions in their petitions which were unsupported in said. He concluded with moving five resolutions, viz. " That it is the opinion of this committee, 1. That the efTed and operation of the [aforementioned] ad i8°Geo. Ill. have been misrepresented and misunder-stood. a. That the said act does not repeal or alter, or in any manner invalidate or render ineffectual, the several statutes made to prohibit the exercise of the ' Popish religion previous to the statute xi° and x»o Will. HI. 3. That no ec-clertastical or spiritual jurisdiction or authority is given by the said act to the Pope or to the fee of Rome. 4. That this House does, and ever will, watch o-ver the interestfl of the Protestant religion with the most unremitted attention; and that all attempts to seduce the youth of this kingdom from the established church to Popery, are highly criminal according to the laws in force, and are u proper subject of further regulation.

5. That all endeavours to disquiet the minds of the people, by misrepresenting the said act x8° Geo. III. as inconsistent with the safety, or irreconcilable to the principles of the Protestant

religion*

July 1780, Parliament: Commons on Popery.

369

religion, have a manifest tendency to dif- ley, Mr Burke, Mr Recorder of Lon-turb the public peace, to break the union don, Sir William Guise, Mr HufTey, and necessary at this time, to bring diihonour Mr Polhill, should prepare and bring it in on the national character, to discredit ' The bill was presented by Sir George the Protestant religion in the eyes of o- Savile on the 22d, and read a first time, ther nations, and to furnish occasion for and ordered to be read a second time, the renewal of the persecution of our next morning, and to be printed. It was Protestant brethren in other countries. accordingly read a second time on Fri* Lord North, Mr Fox, Mr Burke, and day, June 23. and committed for the the Lord Advocate, in long speeches, Monday following. The committee fat argued against the repeal of the bill, on the 26th, made amendments, and re-They pointed out the fatal consequences ported them; and the House ordered the that must befal the Roman-Catholics if bill, with the amendments, to be print-the act should be repealed. Many of ed; and resolved to take the report fur-them had acknowledged themselves pu- ther into consideration next day, the blicly as proprietors of estates which they 27th. On that day the amendments hfad formerly held in trust; a repeal must were, with amendments to several ot* rob them of these: Many, in confe- them, agreed to, and an amendment quence of the late aft, had made wills, was made by the house; and the bill was and marriage*settlements, which it would ordered to be ingrossed. The bill was be the height of injustice to annu] or vlo- read a third time on the a8th, passed, late. On that ground a repeal certainly and Sir George Savile was ordered to ought not, and consequently could not carry it to the Lords. Petitions from take place. With respect to schools for certain teachers of academies, and from Roman-Catholic children, every mau certain feboolmiftrefles, were prefer, ted; who had a spark of humanity must ad* but the question being put for bringing mit that they were necessary; as it would them up, passed in the negative, be barbarity in the extreme, to force On the 21st of June, while the peti-children from their parents to rear them tions for a repeal of the act iV Geo. Ilf. up in a different religion. in favour of Roman Catholics was under

Mr Ambler and Sir P. Clerke argued the consideration of the Commons, there for a repeal. The latter said, that he was a conversation on that subject in the

did not want to force Roman-Catholics House of Lords.----- The Duke of Graf-

to bring up their children Protestants; ton expressed his astonishment, after so but he wanted to prevent them from fe- many petitions had been presented for ducing the children of Protestants, with the repeal of that act, and such dreadful a view to make them Papists. A Noble disturbances had happened, that no mo-Lord, he laid, had declared, that the tion had come from any Noble Lord in petitions were not grounded upon fast: administration to bring the matter under in order to dtfeover whether that after- consideration. He had heard, he said, tion was true or not, he moved. That of resolutions made in the other Hotife, the chairman should leave the chair, re- and of a bill to be brought in there for port their progress, and nlk leave to hear some amendments in the oftVnfive aft; evidence in suppnrt of the allegations con- but he thought, that in all cases that tained in the petitions. 1 concerned the combined civil and rcli-

Sir Philip’s motion was afterwards gious rights of the nation, but more c-withdrawn, and the refolulions were a- specially the religious, bills should origi-greed to without a division, at one o’ nate in the House of Lords, because they

clock.----- The Speaker then r< fumed the had the aflillance of the Rt Rev. Bench

chair, and theresolutions were reported, of Bishops; and therefore he called upon and agreed to that Bench, to know, if they had been

Then it was ordered, nem.cm;. That convened to give their opinions upon the

leave be given to bring in a bdl, to i'e- expediency of repealing or nmendingahat cure the Protestant religion in Great bill, by his Majesty s ministers, either Britain from any incroachments of Pope- before or lince the dillurbauces; and dc-ry, by more cftcftually restraiuing Pa* dared, that if some good reason was not pills, or persons professing the Popish re- assigned by them, or the Lords in admi-ligion, from teaching, or taking upon niltration, why that House should wait themselves the education or government for a bill coming up from the other, he of the children of Protestants; and that would move for a ’ to take the repeal

Sir George Savile, Mr Ellis, Mr Hart-

Vql. XLII.

o

37° Parliament: Lords on Popery. Vou 42.'

of the act into confederation, before the Bishops were called off by the season of the year to their annual visitations, when the House would be deprived of their af-ii (lance.

The Bishop of Peterborough delivered his sentiments in an eloquent concise speech. He held it as a maxim, That when popular prejudices, and the paf-iions inherent to human nature, ran high in the breads of the people, that is not the season for abrogating old laws, or enabling new ones, militating against those prejudices and pactions. He thought the time unseasonable tfrhen the act was passed; for we were involved in the un-fiappy American contest, and on the eve of a war with France and Spain; so that nothing was wanting but the fury of religious phrenzy to fill up the measure of our national misfortunes. Though no man was a warmer friend to religious toleration, nor a greater enemy to perfection; yet he saw defects in that bill, and at the second reading had expressed Bis apprehension, that misrepresentations and ill consequences would arise from the want of a clause to prevent the Roman-Catholics making converts, and educating children of Protestants in their faith; especially as he knew that they offered pecuniary rewards, which are arguments that indigent persons will find too powerful to refill. He was therefore glad to Bear, that a bill was to be brought into the other House to rectify this deleft. Another objection was, the enabling Roman-Catholics to purchase lands, and settle them on their children, the same as Protestants; as this might lead to acts of cruelty and injustice; for if the eldest son should renounce the Romiffi faith in the lifetime of his father, he might settle his estate on the yotingeft, being a Roman.

The Bishop of Llandaff and the Bishop of Rochester both spoke against a repeal of the act, as it had been in many parts misunderstood, and because it would be a dangerous precedent at this time; but they thought it highly expedient, while they were secured in the peaceable enjoyment of their religion, and the natural right of educating their own children, that they should be ftriftjy prohibited from seducing the children ot Protestants to be educated in their schools. As the petitions were presented to the other House, they recommended that the resolutions of that House, or the bill framed there, should be waited for.—The

Duke of Grafton acquiesced, and the conversation ended.

The bill that was sent from the Commons June 28. was read twice by the Lords, and committed for Monday, July 3.—Previous to the fitting of the committee that day, the Archbishop of Canterbury made a short speech, pro-fefling the warmest attachment to the generous principles of toleration so long as it did not atfeft the civil and religious establishment of the country; and gave it as his opinion, that the doctrines of the church of England itself were the strong-eft arguments for this species of indulgence, as the first and most respectable tenet in the Christian system was Humanity, and it never chuld consist with that virtue to compel a man into a mode of worftiip against his conscience and belief.—Theaft ii°and xa° Will.III. against the Roman-Catholics, his Grace said, he had always conGdered as very severe, and adapted only to the circumstances of the nation at the time; and it was with a view to relieve persons pro-fefling that religion from the very great hardships they might suffer under that and other acts inflicting pains and penalties, that he hadconsented to the bill for repealing them, which had given rife to the Protestant petitions, and to the present bill. If therefore their Lordships should be of opinion, that Popish schools have increased, and that Protestant children are seduced to be educated in them by Romifti teachers in the principles of their religion, the provisions in this bill would be very proper, and should meet with his concurrence.

The Marquis of Rockingham was for restraining the Papists as much as possible from educating the children of Protestants; but when that was done, he hoped there would be no infringement on the toleration granted them for the free exercise of their religion, nor any restriction upon their building or repairing chapels for public worship: for it did not appear to him that they had erected many new ones. Much had been said about the chapel at Bath; but, after all, it was not a new one: there had been a chapel on the spot ever since Elisabeth’s time; part of it had been pulled down to widen a street, and an addition had been made in another position about five years ago, before the bill in their favour was thought of, which made it larger than the old chapel, and suitable to the

iasreased

July 1780, Parliament: Lords on Popery. 37r

increased number of the Roman-Catholics residing in that city.

Earl Ferrers, after a very few preliminary observations, introduced the following motion: "That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be gracously pleased to give directions to the Molt Reverend the Arch-bishops and the Rt Rev. the Bishops, to procure from their parochial clergy an account of the number of Papists, or reputed Papists, in their respective dioceses, and to cause the same to be laid before this House on the ift day of the next session of parliament."

The Bishop of Bath and Wells said, he had already made an inquiry similar to that wished for by the Noble Lord. He felt himself- happy in informing the House of the result of that inquiry, as it would tend to remove certain misconcep-tions that had had considerable prevalence abroad, and had in some degree contributed to the terrible disasters that had recently happened. An idea had got into the world, that the number of Papists had very much increased within late years. Now the reverse was the fa When this description of men were enumerated about two generations ago, by an eminent divine, Dr Gaftrell, the total amount at that time was 68,000. The amount of those residing only in the particular county of Chester, which is more peculiarly distinguished for Roman-Catholic inhabitants than any other, was at that time 37,000. In the year 1767, a second calculation had been made in that county, and the amount was 25,000. Another calculation had been recently made in the fame distrilt, and it was found that there were no more than

16,000 at moll.-The inference from a comparison of these various computations in this particular district was clearly this, That a general diminution had taken place throughout the kingdom; and that the number of Roman-Catholics, upon the whole, was nearly lessened one half within the space alluded to.

The Archbishop of Canterbury said. That great pains had been taken by his orders to inquire into the number of Roman-Catholics throughout the kingdom, and he did not find that they were increased; neither could he hear of any new schools, except one for boys at Hammcrsmith; there had been one for girls many years, a very old establishment; but in neither of them wa« there one child of ProtelUot parents.

The motion was agreed to unani* moufiy.

The House thdn resolved itself into the committee, Lord Oxford in the chair.

Several of the clauses having been read* and agreed to, the Bishop of Rochester moved. That instead of the words, " pro- ’ hibited from the teaching or government of* &c. the term " tuition" be inserted, as being the term usually received* and that used in the last bill respecting the Roman-Catholics.

The Lord Chancellor said, the distinction suggested by the Rt Rev. Prelate struck him as an alteration that was not only to be wished for, from the lefTer argument of general uniformity, but because, in his idea, it affected even the fundamental tenor and principle of the bill itself. He was not a man who had ever attempted to announce himself, of had any ambition to be deemed, an active zealot for indiscriminate toleration. From iilncfs he had been deprived of the opportunity of attending to the several circumstances that had given rife to the bill, or of confuting much upon it; but in his own judgement of it, whatever iC might be thought proper to do, in respect to any restraint on the education of the children of Protestants by RomifU teachers, it should not appear to be' upon the spur of a particular occasion, and therefore it would have been better to have postponed it: but he would not enter into that consideration. then; he hoped, however, when the bill should be read a third time, it would then be maturely weighed by their Lordships, whether it be wile at this juncture to paf9 fucba.bill.— His Lordship, with regard to the amendment, said, that it was certainly right to guard against Roman-Catholics having the entire tuition and government of Protestant children; but, having taken care of that, he hoped their Lordships would not go so far as to prevent the teachers of foreign languages, such for infiance as French and Italian matters, from instruct'r*g Protestant children: for if their Lordships thought it necdlary for any of their children to have those accomplishmuits, from whom were they to acquire them, but from the inhabitants of the countries where they are fpoktn and written in their greattft purity t and thef'e profefa the Ron.iih faith. Bdides, it seemed very llrange lo except dancing-matters 3 A a from

372 Parliament: Lords qn Popery/ Vol. 42*

from the prohibitions in this bill, and to restrain instructors in languages fromexercising their profefiions. And why were all fefts of religion dissenting from the established church, to be permitted to teach any branch of education to all children indiscriminately, and the Roman-Catholics alone to be denied it, after they have taken the oaths required by government to qualify them for the enjoyment of the fame privileges, the fame rights, and the fame common protection, as the rest of his Majesty’s loyal subjects?— If, said, his Lordship, it were really a salt, that the Roman-Catholics of the present time held those absurd tenets, That the Pope has a supreme power over all princes; That they may depose and murder their sovereign; and, That no faith is to be kept with those they are plea fed to call heretics; or if they could derive any power or support from the temporal authority of the Pope, or from his influence with foreign Roman-Catholic princes, to endanger the safety of the state; I would exterminate such a people: but not believing this to be the case, I am for granting them the sacred rights that God has given them, the right of worftiip-ping him in their own way, and of educating their children according to their own faith. In the year 1780, a man would he laughed at, in France, and ail over Europe, who should all'ert, that the Pope has any temporal power over the sovereigns of Europe, or their fub-lefts; and the English Roman-Catholics Live solemnly sworn that he has none over them. The Roman-Catholiks, he Lid, were Engliflimcn; they had conducted themselves like Eiigliflimen; they therefore had a right to the protection of the laws. What had they done since l ift year, when a bill was passed exonerating them from a catalogue of moll ivrannical and unchriltian grievances? Nothing that had been proved. Would rheir Lovdships then proceed, without any canle, to make this description of men Id's an object of their indulgence t!(is year than the last, to deprive them of every blessing the y had prtviously bellowed, and reducis them, once more/ without fault, or any thing like the ilia-d.»cv of it, to the original state of of-»re!fion or hardship in which they had been Rioft inhumanly, a3 well as impoliticly, kept? — His Lordship concluded with moving an amendment. That

Roman-Catholics be permitted to teach any thing in any manner they think proper, only that they be not suffered to keep boarding-schools, or any such fe-minary at may give them the exclusive government of the children under their direction.

On a motion of Earl Bathurst, an amendment was made to the Bishop of Rochester’s amendment, with that Prelate’s consent, by inserting the words, " instruction, government, and boarding, of Protestant children."

The Billiop of Ely was for putting off the bill to another leflion, and for moving a committee of the whole House early in the next session, to inquire into all the laws in being respecting the Pa-picts; for, he said, neither Papists nor Protestants knew them at present. Some more Lords were for pollponing it.

After the body of the bill was gone through, a very material alteration was made in the title upon a motion of Earl Bathurst. It ran before in these words: " A bill to secure the Protestant religion in Great Britain from any encroachments of Popery," ike. His Lordship said, God forbid it should go out of that House, that the Rev. Prelates, of any other Lords, thought the Protestant religion in this country in any danger from any encroachments whatever. He then proposed the following title, which was agreed to: " A bill for more effectually restraining Papists, or persons profiling the Rornish religion, from taking upon them the education, 'government, and board of the children of Protestants."

The committee pafi'ed the bill without any further amendment.

On the report, next day, the Arch* bishop of Canterbury said, that being more fully informed as to the import and tendency of the amendments proposed, he must give them his negative. His Grace expressed himself an enemy to e* very speciea of intoleration; and conceived, that it would be acting with a degree of harftmefs and severity wholly unjustifiable, to deprive parents of the privilege of educating their children in the religious principles they themselves professed. But as the Roman-Catholics entertained principles inimical to the civil and religious institutions of this country, the duties of his Ration compelled him to declare, as his opinion, that Roman-Catholics ought not to be afforded the opportunity of teaching in day-

schools.

July 1780. Parliament s Lords on Popery. 373

Schools, or of having in any other manner the power of infilling the principles of the Roman*Catholic faith into the minds of their pupils, which the proposed amendments would most certainly enable them to effect. His Lordship, for these and other reasons, could not agree to the amendments, which had made the bill more offensive to him than it was in the state in which it came from the Commons; and his Grace concluded with saying, that he believed some absent members of the bench coincided with him in opinion.

The Bishop of St David's said, he had not yet spoken on the subject now under difeuffion. When the bill passed for repealing the act ri° &;ia° Will. 111. he had not the honour of a feat in that House: but he bad,among his private friends observed, that it did not promise to produce any salutary effect, as the Roman-Catholic subjects of these realms were not under any kind of persecution; and expressed his appreheuiions that the bill might probably create jealousies and animosities in the minds of the Protestants.

An erroneous idea had been diflemi-nated abroad, purporting that the Bench of Bishops were inclined to encourage Popery: but he could take upon himself to assert, that the Rev. Prelates entertained not the most distant idea of encouraging any doctrines militating against the established religion and civil institutions of the country. Indulgences that would not interfere with these important doctrines, he would not oppose; but was apprehensive, that permitting day-schools to be kept by Roman-Catholics, would afford too fatal opportunities for the perversion of young minds from the religion of their ancestors.

Persons of the Roman Catholic persuafton are zealoutty attached to their religion, and indefatigably assiduous in making converts to their faith. The son of a poor man cannot be educated under a Protestant schoolmaster at a less expence than forty shillings a-year, while a Roman-Catholic will instruct him without any pecuniary reward. Thus is a dangerous temptation held forth to people in indigent circumstances.

The Noble Lord on the woolsack had the preceding day observed, that Papists being allowed to teach Protestant children the languages, mathematics, &c. ould not expose them to the danger of

being perverted to Popery: but he must observe, that zdalous advocates for Pope-17, acting as instructors in these branches of learning, would seize opportunities of influencing the minds of their pupils.

Noble Lords need not be informed of so notorious a fact, that children educated in foreign seminaries, generally returned to England impressed with pre-possessions in favour of Popery. He wished that every indulgence might be granted to Papists which could be allowed with Iperfedt safety to our laws and religion; but at the same time was desirous of adopting every necessary precaution for defending our religion from the innovations of Popery.

There were objectionable clauses in the act ii° & ia° Will. III.; they were oppressive, and inconsistent with the principles of Christianity particularly that clause for disinheriting issue professing Popish doctrines.

His Lordship hoped the laws relating to Popery would be subjected to a re-vilion, and that a bill might be framed to abolish every cause of complaint from the Papists, and secure the Protestant religion from every innovation.

The Lord Chancellor said, he had the preceding day delivered his sentiments pretty fully; but the high respect that was due to all that came from *so truly respectable authority as the Most Reverend and Right Reverend Prelates who had just now spoke, called him to speak further.

The Rt Rev. Prelate had taken up the question in two points of view. By the tirft argument it was meant to be inferred, That the principles of the Romaq-Catholic religion were subversive of the religious establishments, and the laws of civil society and political government of these realms. By the second, That the bill and the amendments were calculated to countenance and encourage Popery, and endanger the Protestant system.

The Noble Lord admitted, that the Roman-Catholics zealously endeavoured to gain proselytes to the religion they profeiled. All men who are (incere in their religious tenets, wifti to inspire others with the opinions which they conceive to be right. Independents, Me-thodifts, Jews, See. follow different modes of religious practice; and it is but fair and reasonable to allow them the privilege of acting according to the conviction of their own minds.

374 Parliament: Lords on Popery. VoL 42.

His Lord fh ip went into an elaborate discussion of the arguments advanced by the Rt Rev. Prelate, and endeavoured to prove, that the bill was not likely to be attended with any injurious consequences. He would rather wish that the whole body of Roman-Catholics should be exterminated the kingdom, than that they should remain the monuments of theinjustice, caprice, and levity, of parliament. His Lordship concluded with declaring his sentiments were strongly in favour of every species of toleration that could be granted confident with the constitutional establishments of this country.

The Marquis of Rockingham corrected some mistakes in the Archbishop of Canterbury, shewing, that the act 180 Geo. III. did not repeal the whole, but only particular parts of the act n° 6c ia° Will. III. [40.393.]

The question being put. Whether the amendment should be admitted ? the House divided: Contents 14, non-contents 10.

The Lord President, in order to get rid of the bill and amendments together, moved, That the bill be further considered on Tuesday next, before which time parliament will be prorogued; and upon a division there were, Contents 9, non-contents 11.

On a motion made, July 5. to read the bill a third time, the Duke of Chan-dos-intreated the attention of the House for a few minutes. He profclled his attachment to Protestant principles, and said there was nothing which he would not do, or fulfer, in their support. Yet he difclaimed all principles of perfecu-tion; and thought that Roman-Catholics, being quiet and loyal subjects, had as good a right to toleration as any of the other numerous ft&s in this country. But the circumstance which chiefly determined him to vote against the bill, was the time and manner of its being brought into and enforced in the other House. He desired their Lord-ship3 to recollect the indignities and outrages they flittered from a mob, who called themselves Protestants, and who were the patrons of this bill,'a few week* ago. Not a Lord of Parliament could for several days come to t ios house, or go out of it, without endangering his life. These things he preiumed were frefti in their Lordships memory, nor w>uid they easily forget them. It was il'uitable to their JLordships gravity,

and unbecoming their dignity, by hastily agreeing to a bill brought into parliament in such circumstances, and urged by such indecent and outrageous threats, to encourage mobs and insurrections. A bill of such importance ought not to be agitated in a thin House, and at the end of a fession; but in a full House, and at a time when there should be leisure to give it a patient hearing and a full dif-cuttion. But that was not the circumstance which made the deepest tmpression on his Graced mind: He considered the treatment that this bill should meet with as the touchstone by which the nation would judge, whether the independency and freedom of parliament were to be maintained with vigour, or whether the parliament were to yield to the importunities and insolence of every mob. If this bill should be patted at this time, he expected to see the House of Commons and the House of Peers bc-set, on a thousand occasions, and on every occasion indeed, by a passionate and misguided tumultuous rabble. He would, as long as he enjoyed the honour of a feat in that House, speak without fear the sentiments that flowed from his heart. Such were those which he now expressed. His Grace added a few words, and concluded with moving, " That the bill be rejected."

On the question being put, the House divided, when the numbers were, Contents (for rejecting the bill) 17, Not-contents 9. — So the bill ,was rejected by near two to one.

By this bill, any Papist, orperson pro-fefiing the Popish religion, who should take upon him or her the education or boarding of the child or children of a Protestant, and any Protestant who should knowingly fufter his or her child or children, or any child or children of Protestant parents intruded to his or her guardianship, to be educated or boarded by a Papist, were subjetfed to a fine and imprisonment; teaching the arts or exercises of music, drawing, dancing, fencing, or riding, excepted. By the amendments made, all Popish teachers, public and private, were to register their names and places of abode; and persons teaching as tutors, or as schoolmasters or schoohniftrefles, not so registered, were to forfeit 1001, and to suffer one year’s imprisonment: and a clause respecting boarding-schoqls was extended to day fckools.

AME-

July 1780. America s Lincoln on

AMERICA. [304.]

From tfu Pennfylvani Packet,

Philadelphia, June 17. Last Wednesday evening arrived Lt-Col. Ternant, with the following dispatchesfrom Maj.-Gcn. Lincoln to Cong refs.

Si r, CharUftovm, May 1780. The inclosed papers will inform Congress of each important circumstance which has occurred in this department since I did myself the honour to write to them on the 9th ult. by Mr Cannon.

They will hereby observe, that after every effort and exertion made by a handful of brave troops, contending with Bumberless hardships and difficulties, (to all which they most chearfnlly submitted), we were reduced to the fad necessity of treating with Sir Henry Clinton, and acceding to the terms of capitulation which accompany this letter.

I shall not at presentgo into a detail of the matter, as I expect to reach Congress before this: but should I not, Lt-Col. Ternant, who is the bearer of this letter, will be able to give a minute state of things: I must beg leave therefore to refer Congress to that gentleman; and to assure them, that his steady attention to duty, and zeal for the service, intitle him to every respectc.

I have the honour to be, &c.

B. Lincoln.

P. S. Lt-Col. Ternant will be able to inform Congress what has caused so much delay io getting off the dispatches."

[Here followed twenty-four letters which passed between Gen. Clinton and Gen. Lincoln.]

Return of the killed and -wounded during the siege.

Killed, 1 colonel, 1 aid-de-camp, 6 captains, 3 lieutenants, 10 serjeanti, 68 rank and file. Continentals. Wounded, 1 major, 1 captains, 5 lieutenants, 18 serjeants, and 114 rank and file. Continentals.

The militia and sailors,* being in a different part of the town, suffered no loft.

Return of the Continental , prisoners of,

including the fuk and Major-General Lincoln.

Brigadiers: Moultrie, M'Tntofli, Woodford, Scott, Do Portail, Hogan.

Colonels 9, lieutenant-colonels 14, majors IS, eiptainsand captain-lieutenants 84, fie-tond lieutenants and ensigns 3a.

Non-commissioned officers a09, drums and fifes 140, rank and file 1977*. [301-]

The number of deserters from our army,

the me at bottom of next column. \

the siege of Charlcftown. 37$

from the 19th of March to the i»th of May, amounted only to ao.

Published by order of Congress, Charles Thomson, Secretary."

Articles of capitulation, agreed upon behveem Capt. Charles Hudson, commander of his Mar jejiy's pip Richmond,end Lt-Col. , commandant of Fort Moultrie on Sullivan s i-Jland, on the surrender of that fort end its dependencies, May 7. 1780. [a66.]

Art. I. That the troops in garrison shall be allowed to march out with the usual honours of war, and to pile their arms outside of the gate.

II. That all the officers in garrison, as well Continental as Militia, and the non-commissioned officers and privates of the militia, shall be considered as prisoners of war at large on their patolc, until exchanged; and be allowed, in the mean time, to rc-fide with their families and friends, Charle£ town excepted, as it is at present under siege.

III. That the Continental and Militia officers be permitted to wear their fide-arms.

IV. That the (laves and other property of every individual in garrison be secured to their respective owners: That all such (laves in garrison, belonging to persons out of it, be secured to their respective owners in foctl manner as may lie agreed upon between Capt. Hudson and the commanding officer of the fott.

V. All property, (laves, c. to be secured to each individual of the garrifou $ such as is lodged in the fort, for security or otherwise, belonging to individual*, not of the garrison, to be delivered up.

VI. That the sick have every necessary accommodation, and all the Continental private soldiers be treated in a humane manner, and not rigorously confined; every ht*-nianity to be shewn to both sick and well.

VII. The fort, artillery, arms, ammunition, and stores, of all kinds, to be delivered up to such officers and guard as Capt. Hudson shall think proper to fend for the purpose.

VIII. The garrison to march out of the fort, and pile their arms early this morning, iu front of the British forces, who will be drawn up before the entrance of the fort on the occasion.

Charles Hudson.

William Scott, Lieut.-CoL j ft reg. and Commandant of Fort Moultrie.

It is ever customary with the rebel commanders, when they publish returns of their killed, wounded, and prisoners, to suppress entirely the mention of their militia; who, joined to this avowed return of Mr Lincoln, increascs the number of prisoners to upwards of 7000; Loud. Chron.

In

376 America: A hand-bill circulated *at Charlestown.

Vol. 42.

In the London Gazette of July 8. we have a letter from Gen. Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated, Headquarters, Charlestown, South Carolina, June 3. 1780, a hand-bill and two proclamations mentioned in that letter, and an address from divers inhabitants of Charlestown to the Commissioners for restoring peace in North America; which we insert verbatim, viz.

Sir Henry Clin Letter.

My Lord,

I have the honour to inclose, for your Lordship’s information, the copies of two proclamations I have found it necessary to issue as commander in chief, and the copy of a hand-bill which has been circulated amongst the inhabitants, and appears to have had a very good effect.

I have the honour to be, &c.

H. Clinton. Hand-bill issued after surrender cf Charlestown.

"When the Royalarmy arrived in South Carolina, the Commander in Chief avoided, as much as possible, every measure which might excite the loyal inhabitants to rife in favour of government, and thus bring danger and trouble upon themselves, at a time when the King’s army, being employed in the reduction of Charlestown, could not assist or second their strugglcs.

The blood of the loyalists that had been Unhappily ihed, and the severities which had been inflicted on them by the rebels, in consequence of the former spirited but . Ill-timed insurrections of the King’s numerous friends on the back of both Carolinas, had already occasioned too much grief and regret to his Majesty and their fellow-subjects in Europe, for him wantonly to bring again into hazard the lives and happiness of men who deserve so well of their country.

But Charlestown with its harbour, and Fort Moultrie, being now reduced, and their garrisons, to the amount of 6coo men, with all their arms, stores, artillery, and ships of war, being in possession of his Majesty’s forces, the time is come when it is equally the interest and duty of every good man to be in readiness to join the king’s troops, and assist them in establishing justice and liberty, and in restoring and securing their own property, whenever they shall march to support them against the small rebel parties that still linger at a distance in the province.

After so much disorder, violence, and oppression, the helping hand of evenr man is wanted to re-establish peace and good government; and as the Commander in Chief wished not to draw the King’s friends into danger when any doubt could remain of their success; so, now that that is certain, he trusts, that one and all will heartily join, and, by a general concurrence, give effect to such necessary measures for that purpose, as, from time to time, may be pointed out to them. And they may rest allured* that every means will be used to avoid giving them any trouble that may not be necessary to secure to them, peace, liberty, and prosperity.

In order to attain these happy ends, it is the duty of all men who wish well to themselves and their country, to be ready, at a moment, with their arms, to regain their just rights, and support the free constitution of their forefathers, under which we all increased and prospered.

Those who have families, will form a militia, to remain at home, and occasionally to assemble in their own districts, when required, under officers of their own chusing, for the maintenance of peace and good order. Those who have no families, and can conveniently be spared for a time, it is hoped will chearfully assist his Majesty’s troops in driving their rebel oppreflors, and all the miseries of war, far from the province.

For this purpose it is necessary, thajt the young men be ready to alienable when required, and serve with the King’s troops, for any six months of the ensuing twelve that may be found requisite, under proper regulations. They may chuse officers to each company to command them, and will be allowed-, when on service, pay, ammunition, and provisions, in the same manner as the troops. When they join the army, each man will be furnished with a certificate, declaring, that he is only engaged to serve as a militiaman for the time specified; that he is not to be marched beyond North Carolina and Georgia; and that when the time is out, he is freed from all claims whatever of military fei-vice, except the common and usual militia-duty where he lives.

He w ill then have paid his debt to his country, and be intitled to enjoy undif-turbed that pence, liberty, and property, at home, which he had contributed to secure."

" SOUTH

July 1780

(SOUTH CAROLINA. By his Excellency Sir Henry Clinton,

America: Proclamations at Charlestown. 3*77

government and peace, they will, by the commissioners appointed by his Majesty «. , . tt , _ . for that purpose, be restored to the full

Kinght of the Most Honourable Order p0fl*cflion that liberty in their persons of the ^th. General and Commander and property which they had before ex* m Chief of all his Majesty s Forces pei-ienced under the British government.

And that so desirable an event may be the more speedily accompli (bed, I do hereby, in his Majesty’s name, require and command all persons whatever to be aiding and assisting to his forces, when* ever they shall be required, in order to extirpate the rebellion, and thereby restore peace and prosperity to this, at

within the Colonies lying on the At lantic Ocean, from Nova Scqtia to Weft Florida inclusive, PROCLAMATION. Whereas, notwithstanding the gracious offers which have been made, to receive to his Majesty’s peace and protection, with pardon and oblivion for their past offences, all those his deluded and infatuated subjects who should return to their duty and a due obedience to the laws [a6o."J; yet there are some wicked and desperate men, who, re-gardless of the ruin and misery in which the country will be involved, are still endeavouring to support the flame of rebellion, and, under pretence of authority derived from the late usurped legislatures, are attempting, by enormous fines, grievous imprisouments, and fan-guinary punishments, to compel his Majesty’s faithful and unwilling subjects to take up arms against his authority and government; and it is therefore become necessary, as well for the protection of the loyal subjects, as to procure the establishment of peace and good government in the country, to prevent, by the terror of example, such enormous offences being committed in future; I have therefore thought fit to issue this my proclamation, to declare. That if any person shall hereafter appear in arms in order to prevent the establishment of his

»*s government in this country, I, under any pretence or authority whatsoever, attempt to compel any other person or persons to do so, or shall hinder or intimidate, or attempt to hinder or intimidate, the King’s faithful and loyal subjects from joining his forces, or otherwise performing those duties their allegiance requires, such person or persons so offending shall be treated with that severity so hardened and criminal an obstinacy will deserve, and his or their estates will be immediately seized in order to be confiscated. And for the encouragement of the King’s faithful and peaceable subjects, I do again assure them, that they (halt meet with effectual countenance, protection, and support; and whenever the situation of the country will permit of the reftoratioa of civil Voi/.XLII,

present, desolated and distracted country. Given under my hand, at head quarters in Charlestown, the sad day of May,

,78a H. CLINTON.

By his Excellency’s command, Nathaniel Philips, Assist. Sec.*

"SOUTH CAROLINA.

By his Excellency §ir Henry Clinton, 6cc. PROCLAMATION. Whereas, after the arrival of ht& Majesty’s forces under my command in this province, in February last, numbers of persons were made prisoners by the army, or voluntarily surrendered them* selves as such, and such persons were afterwards dismissed on their respective

Jmroles [467.]: And whereas, since the iirrender of Charlestown, and the defeats and dispersion of the rebel-forces, it is become unnecessary that such paroles should be any longer observed; and it is fit and proper that all persons should take an aClive part In settling and securing his Majesty*6 government, and delivering the country from that anarchy which for some time past hath prevailed: 1 do therefore issue this my proclamation, to declare. That all the inhabitants of this province who are now prisoners upon parole, and were not in the military line* (those who were in Fort Moultrie and Charlestown at the times of their capitulation and surrender, or were then in actual confinement, excepted), that from and after the aoth day of June instant they are freed and exempted from all such paroles, and may hold themselvea as restored to all the rights and duties belonging to citizens and inhabitants. And all persons under the description before mentioned, who shall afterwards neglect to return to their allegiance, and to his MajestyvB government, will be con-3 B fidered

378 America: Ah address to the Peace* Commissioners. Vol.4i.

fldered as enemies and rebels to the fame, and treated accordingly.

Given under my hand, at Head quarters in Charlestown, the 3d day of June, 17S0, and in the aoth year of his Majesty’s reign. H. CLINTON-

By his Excellency’s command,

Peter Russel, Assist. Sec."

To their Excellencies, Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the Bath, General of his Majesty’s Forces, and Mariot Ar-butbnot, Esq; Vice-Admiral of the Blue, his Majesty’s Commissioners to restore peace and good government in the several Colonies in rebellion in ( North America,

The Humble Address of divers Inhabitants of Charlestown.

' The inhabitants of Charlestown, by the articles of capitulation, are declared prisoners on parole; but we the under* written, having every inducement to re-tom to our allegiance, and ardently hoping speedily to be readmitted to the character and condition of British subjects, take this opportunity of tendering to your Excellencies our warmest congratulations on the restoration of this capital and province to their political connection with the crown and government of Great Britain; an event which will add lustre to your Excellencies characters, and, we trust, entitle you to the most distinguishing mark of the Royal favour.

Although the right of taxing America in parliament, excited considerable ferments in the minds of the people of this province; yet it may with a religious adherence to truth be affirmed, that they did not entertain the most distant thought of dissolving the union that so happily subsisted between them and their parent-country; and when, in the progrela of that fatal controversy, the doctrine of independency (which originated in the more northern colonies) made its appearance among us, our natures revolted at the idea; and we look back with the most painful regret on those convul-fions that gave existence to a power of subverting a confutation, for which we always had, and ever shall retain, the most profound veneration and substituting in itsstead a rank democracy, which, however carefully digested in theory, on being reduced into practice has exhibited a system of tyrannic domination, only to be found among the uncivilized part

of mankind, or in the history of the dart and barbarous ages of antiquity.

We sincerely lament, that after the repeal of those statutes which gave rife to the troubles in America, the overtures made by his Majesty’s commissioners, from time to time, were not regarded by our late rulers. To this fatal inattention are to be attributed those calamities which have involved our country in a state of misery and ruin: from which, however, we trust it will soon emerge, by the wisdom and clemency of his Majesty’s auspicious government, and the influence of prudentiallaws, adapted to the nature of the evils we labour under; and that the people will be restored to those privileges, in the enjoyment whereof their former felicity consisted.

Animated with these hopes, we intreat your Excellencies interpoGtion, in aflu-ring his Majesty, that we shall glory id every occasion of manifesting that zeal and affection for his person and government with which gratitude can inspire a free and joyful people.

Charltjflovm, June 5. 1780.

[Signed by 210 of the principal inhabitants.]

- Gen. Clinton, who was preparing to fail from Charlestown for New York on the 4th of June [301.], arrived at the last-named place on Saturday, June 17. under convoy of Adm. Arbuthnot and the fleet, to the great joy of the inhabitants. The troops his Excellency took with him, were the light infantry, British grenadiers, 4*d foot. Queen’s rangers, and Hessian grenadiers, in all about 5500 men.

A letter from Charlestown, dated, June 8. fays, " On the 6th an express arri^ ved here from Lord Cornwallis, desiring coarse Irish (herting for frocks for 750 men, who had come from North Carolina, and joined him, which made the amount of his army 5200. He was to march in a few days for North Carolina." A garrison of 3000 men was left at Charlestown.

" Annapolis, May 26. The following is

an extract of a letter :rom the Congress to his Excellency Governor Lee, May ix. [Circular.]

41 Sir, The Congress have received authentic information, that his Most Christian Majesty is preparing to fend a powerful naval and land force to fomepart of the Continent of North America. This force, generously calculated either to produce

July 1780.

produce a diversion in our favour, or to forward the operation of our arms, by being directed to the fame object, may either, by our exertions, be made the means of delivering our country in the course of the campaign from the ravages of war, or, being rendered ineffectual through our supineness, serve only to fully the reputation of our arms, to defeat the benevolent intention of our great ally, and to disgrace our confederacy in the eyes of Europe.

Every State that reflects upon the dc-pretiation of the currency, and their own deficiency in the payment of their taxes, must necessarily conclude, that the trea* fury is exhausted. The military departments are at a Hand for want of money to put them in motion. The Congress have no resources, but in your spirit and virtue; upon this they confidently rely. You know the valoe of the prize for which you contend; nor need you be informed how much you are interested in a speedy termination of this distreiT-ing and expensive war.

But as the smallest disappointment in the requisitions they make, may be attended with most serious consequences, they have endeavoured so to limit their demands, as not to exceed your power to comply with them.’*

The general afiembly and council of Pennsylvania have published the following resolutions.

" In Central difembly of Pennjyhania,

Thursday, June 1. Whereas the exigencies which may arise in a state of war, are frequently of a nature that require such sudden and extraordinary exertions, as are impossible for the legifla-tive body to provide for by the ordinary course of law, therefore resolved unanimously, That during the recess of this House, should the circumstances of the war make it necessary, the President or Vice-President in Council be authorised and impowered, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to declare martial law, so far as the fame may be conducive to the public security, and to the lafety and defence of the good and faithful citizens of this commonwealth." 44 In Council, Phi, June 6.

Whereas in the prefrnt state of public

America: Pennsylvania resolutions*

379

reasonable, that, in the execution of fuqh measures, a diferimination should be made between those who have manifested their attachment to their country, in the present contest with- Great Britain, and those of acontrary character: whereupon,

Resolved, That it be recommended to all persons who have shewn their allegiance to the State, by taking an oath or affirmation of fidelity to it, and of their abjuration of the King of Great Britain, to keep their certificates thereof ready to be produced on the (horteft notice; and to all persons who have lost their certificates, to obtain duplicates, or to give such assurances, so as to obtain certificates; or they may be in danger of losing the indulgence and distinction to which they are justly intitled.’’

" In Council, Phila, July 6. Whereas the residence of the wives and children of those persons who have joined the enemy, has at all times proved inconvenient to the public interests, in consequence of the correspondence and intercourse which has been constantly preserved; and as it has become too dangerous to be longer permitted or connived at:

Resolved, That public notice be given to such persons, that they depart this State within ten days; and any of them remaining after that time, will not be deemed as intitled to any protection, but liable to be proceeded against as enemies of the State.*’

In the London Gazette of July 18. there is an extract of a letter from John Dalling, Esq; Governor of Jamaica, to Lord George Germain, dated, King-lion, June 2. received by the Thynne Packet; in which his Excellency congratulates his Lordship on the reduction of the important fort on the river St John, by a detachment of his Majesty’s troops under the command of Capt. Polfon, of the 60th regiment. The fort surrendered on the 29th of April; and there were found in it, one brass mortar of five and a half inches, twenty pieces of brass ordnance mounted, besides fwi-vels, ten or twelve iron ditto dismounted, with a proportionable quantity of military stores.--- An extract of a let-

ter from Capt. Polfon to Gov. Dalling,

30.1780,

n

affairs, it may be nec flary to make extraordinary exertions for the supply of dated, St John’s Fort, April the army, and supporting other measures is inserted, viz. which may be adopted for the safety and security of the State in its freedom and Independence; and it will be just and

* I have the honour to inform your Excellency, that this castle surrendered to his Majesty’s arms yesterday at five

o’clock

380 America: Capture of Fort St Juan. Vol.42#

o'clock p. m. The terms of capitulation I now indofe, which 1 hope will meet with your approbation.

I have also the honour of fending your Excellency, by Lieut. Thomas Moun-fey, the colours of the fort and of the regiment, as well as returns of the cannon and stores taken in it.

When I came to Cape Gracios a Dios, there was not an Indian to be seen; some villains there had taken pains to persuade them, that the English army had come merely with an intent of enslaving them, and fending them to Jamaica; it was therefore some time before any of them ventured to come in 1 took the opportunity of fending them small presents by one of their people, who had ventured down to make observations on our motions. He being acquainted with Mr Campbell, was undeceived by him, and brought to me; which had the desired effect, as most of the tribes came in very soon after.

Your Excellency's letter of the 17th of March I received the 20th, just as I entered the river St John. I shall ever retain a grateful sense of the sentiments you was therein pleased to express for me; and I am sorry that the many delays 1 met at the Cape, and other places between that and the harbour or St John, from the want of craft, and the back-wardness of the Indians in coming out, prevented my operations keeping pace with your Excellency’s expectations. I however hope you will do me the justice to believe, that no time was loft which could possibly be saved, fitunted as 1 was. It was the 3d of March before any Black-river crafts arrived; and they were the only ones then provided. It is true the Indian governor promised a great many; but when I came to his country, there was not one ready; and we got them at last with a great deal of difficulty. The superintendent was entirely deceived by the Indians in the number of crafts and men, and still more lb in point of time.

Capt. Nclfon, then of the Hinchinbrooke, came up with thirty-four Teamen, one serjeant, and twelve marines. I want words to express the obligations 1 owe that gentleman: he was the first on every service, whether by day or by night; there was scarcely a gun fired but was pointed by him, or Lieut. Defpard, chief engineer, who has exerted himself on every occasion. 1 am persuaded, if cur shot had held out, we should have

had the fort a week sooner. As Capt. Nelson goes to Jamaica, he can inform you of every delay, and point of service, as well as I could, for he knows my very thoughts.

The bearer Lieut. Mounfey can inform your Excellency of many things that may escape my memory: he is a very good officer, and commanded the party I sent to reconnoitre the Look out, and began the attack of it in concert with Capt. Defpard and Capt. Nelson, who with his seamen volunteered that duty."

By the capitulation, which is dated April 19. the garrison were to be prisoners of war, to be conduced to some port of North America subject to the crown of Spain, and to give their parole not to bear arms against his Britannic Majesty till exchanged; the British forces were to be put in possVffion of the principal gate of the fort between the hours of four and five after noon, at which place centinels should be kept, to prevent the Indians committing any irregularities; and the garrison was to march out, colours flying, drums beating, lighted matches, musket and fide arms,' with two rounds each man, to the foot of the glacis, opposite the south front of the caftte, where they should pile up their arms and accoutrements (the officers keeping their (words); the officers and soldiers were allowed to keep their baggage and money, but every Have to be detained for the use of his Britannic Majesty; and the garrison were to be allowed to carry with them all such ornaments and effects as were necessary to their religion and mode of worftiip.

There were taken prisoners, 1 captain, and governor, 1 lieutenant, a fub-Iieu-tenants, 1 captain of engineers, 1 chaplain, 1 surgeon, 3 serjeants, 3 drummers, 9 corporals, 17 soldiers of artillery, 1 cadet, 31 Spanish soldiers, 6x soldiers of colour, 17 batteaux-men, 6 (laves, women and children, $ malefactors, 17 women , 13 children, x master-carpenter, 1 carpenter, 1 blacksmith, a masons, a 5 wood cutters, 1 corporal of ditto, a officers and chaplains servants, 14 taken at the advance-post.

The British loss was 9 killed and 6 w'ounded, (none of them officers), of the 60th and 79th regiments, the Loyal Irish, and the Jamaica volunteers. — The garrison held out from the 11th of April till the 29th.

Lady

July 1780. POETICAL ESSAYS. .381

Lady CKivKM, M drcaminy Heart

at bn feet.

Written by

WHen Nature, til’d with thought, was fuok to rest.

And all my senses were by deep possest;

Sweet deep, that soft and balmy comfort brings Alike to beggars and despotic kings;

I dreamt of peace 1 never felt before,

1 dreamt my Heart was lying on the door.

I viewed it, strange to tell! with joyful eyes. And, stranger still, without the lead fuiprtfc ! Elated with the fight, I Trailing fat.

Exulting o’er the vi&irn at my feet;

Bat soon with words of anguifti thus addrest This painful, sweet distutber of my bread.

Say, busy, lively, trembling, hopping thing, What new disaster haft thou now to bring.

To torture with thy fears my tender frame. Who must for all her ills thee ooly blame ? Speak now, and tell me why, oograteful guest, For ten years pad haft thou denied me rest ? That in my boforn thou waft nuts'd, *tis true, And. with my life and with my statote grew.

At first so small were all thy wants, that I Vainly imagin’d I could ne’er deny Whate’et thy fancy afle’d. — Alas! but now I find tby wants my ev’ry feofe outgrow;

And ever having, ever wanting more,

A power to please, to give, or to adore.

Say, why, like other Hearts, dost thou not bear With callous apathy each worldly care

Why dost thou ftirick at Envy’s horrid cries ? In thee Gompaction Hatred’s place Applies. Why not with malice treat malicious men ? Why ever pity where thou shou’dft condemn ? Why, at the hearing of a dismal tale,

Dost thou with sorrow turn my beauty pate ? Why, when distress in any dupe appears,

Dost ihou dissolve my very foul in tears

Why in thy secret folds is Friendship bred

In other hearts its very name is dead.

"Why, if keen Wit and learned Scnfc draw nigh, Dost thou with emulation beat so high;

And while approving, with to be approv’d And when you love, wish more to be belov’d ? Why not, in cold indifference ever clad,

Alike, unmov’d, regard the good and bad ? Why dost thou waste my youthful bloom with care,

And faciifice myself, that I may share Distress in others ? Why wilt thou adorn Their days with roses, and leave me a thorn}" But here* I saw it heave an heavy sigh.

And thus in fwceteft founds it did reply.

* Ah! cease, Eli z&! ccale thy speech unjust, Thy Heart has e’er fulfill’d its sacred trust; And ever will its render mansion serve.

Nor can it from thee this reproach deserve: Agiinft my didlatcs murm’ring have 1 found. Which thus has laid me bleeding on the ground. Compare ihyfelf in this fame hour depriv’d Of this loft Heart, hum whence are all deriv’d

The fame bewitching graces which adorn,

And make thy face appear like beauteous moms With me its brilliant ornaments are fled.

And all thy features, like thy foul, are dead.. 'Tis I that make thee others pleasures flure, -And in a fitter's joy forget thy care.

'Tis by my dictates thou art taught to find A godlike pleasure in a godlike mind;

That makes thee ofr relieve a stranger’s woes. And often fix those friends that Would be foes. ’Tis I that tremblingly have taught thine eat To cherish Music; and 'ris I appear In all its softest dress, when to the heirts Of all beholders my dear voice imparts Harmonic drains: 'tis not because ’tis fine.

For every note that’s felt is surely mine.

In smoothest numbers all that I indite.

For *tis 1 taught thy fearful hand to write;

My genius has with watchful care supplied What education to thy sex denied;

Blade Sentiment and Nature all combine.

To melt the reader in each flowing line.

Till they in words this feeling truth impart. She needs no more who will consult the Heart; And own in reading what is writ by thee,

No study ever could improve like me.

And when thy bloom is gone, thy beauty flown. And laughing youth to wrinkled age is grown. Thy atftions, writings, friendship, which I gave. Still flutl remain an age beyond the grave. Then do not thus displac’d let me remain.

But take me to thy tender bread again."

Yes, soft persuader (I return’d), 1 will; And if I am deceiv'd, deceive me still!" Seduc’d 1 was in hade; then (looping low. Soon reinstated ray sweet, pieafing foe;

And waking, found it had nor left nor mere Than all tire joys, the pangs it had before!

The Right Honourable Authoress.

ON the top of the stow’i-deck’d poetical Mount,

A Tenth \iufeI dare, fans offending, to count,

sfpolio who no way di(graces,

In vtit her Nine Afters by far lire excells.

For ebarms (he outrivals the first of our belles. United in her all the Graces.

I know her full well, cries the Cyprian Qutcu ’Tis Craven, my favourite , you mean."

The Doctors. pOor Britain, torn with rank difeaft,

(Of Patriots caught) look'd round for eale, Implor’d affiftaoce. — At her name

Do ctors of each description came.—

Th es e held a box of potent pills— Scourers, they said, fbt larkiny ills,

Wou’d drive each megrim from the bra«n. And make her bosom found again.

While Those, a black and baneful crew. Nought cou’d prefrribe, nor aught wou'd do— But yaxte her over to her Fat*—

In hopes to plunder her Estate. Z. Z.

Parnnjus.

aSz POET I C A t

Hammond to Emma,

previous to his going abroad.

From Emma Corbet; or. The of Civil

war, i vols. a xmo.

GO, ingenious artists, to her.

All ambitious to be prest;

Dear difclofers of fcofation!

Agents of the gentle bread.

'Whiter than your whited feather.

Is the hand which you’ll embrace

Yet more white the fair afic&ion.

Whole emotions you shall trace.

Go, and take a charge upon you,

Passing tender, passing dear;

Oh, the tvud you bear is wondrous!

tSentk agents, be sincere.

Every sacred secret making,

Gods! how precious ye will prove ! Soiled fympathics imparting.

Are ye not the plumes of Love

When fird floating on the river.

Lovely was your limpid way;

Lovely was the iiiver surface,

Lovely was your wat’ry play.

But for pastime dill more lovely,

Your fwcet feathers uow 1 fend;

What so lovely, prithee tell me,

As the service of a friend

Faithful to the fair deposits.

Your lead droke flu 11 reach my heart!

In its elegant recedes.

Shall be fiat what you impart.

Then, dear indruments, 1 charge ye,

Often tempt my Em m a’s eyes;

Bid her press your downy feathers.

Bid her speed the soft replies.

Hot the plumes which line her pillow Half so delicate dull prove,

(When all kind her pulses tremble)

As your dowuy (hafts of Love.

Ye shall note her joy and anguish,

Gentle agents, be sincere!

Send me half each drop of sorrow;

Rob me not of half each tear.

Beauteous as the dews of morning,

When they bathe the lovely flow’r,

Are the lucid drops of feeling.

When from fonduefs falls the Ihow’r. Mark, I claim my jod division,

Mark, I promise jud return;

Some of your white-wing’d aflbeiates Mud inform her bow I mourn.

When long leagues our per font fever,

Ye our wilshes shall convey; iTe Dull tell the pangs of parting.

Ye shall mark the meeting day.

Save me, pow’rs! that (hike the pulses, When invades the quick surprise.

ESSAYS. Vol.42.

Yonder comes the gentle Emma,

Hither flic direct her eyes.

How the feather I am using

Trembles to the trembling heart! Agents, here behold a pattern!

See a sample of your art.

Thus to me were Emma writing,

(And her thoughts like Henry’s kind) Sympathy would (hake each feather.

All expressiveof the mind.

Go then, take this charge upon yout Palling tender, passing dear,

Olt, the charge you bear is wondrous! Gentle agents be sincere.

VE RSES sent by a Gentleman to his Wife ’with a

present of a Knife. [4«- 337 ]

A Knife, dear girl, cats love, they say; — Meie modish love, perhaps it may:

For any tool of any kind.

Can separate what was never join’d.

The knife that cuts our love in two.

Will have much tougher work to do;

Mud cut your foftnef*, worth, and spirit, Down to the vulgar dze of merit; To level yours with modern tade.

Mart cut a wot Id of feofe to wade;

And from your single beauty’s dore,

Clip what woold dizen out a score.

The selffame blade from me mud levee Sensation, judgement, fight, forever;

All memory of endearments pad,

Ail hope of comforts long to lad;

All that makes fourteen years with you,

A summer; — and a short one too;

All that affection feels, and fears.

When hours, without you, seem like years.— Till that be done (and I’d as soon Believe this knife will chip the moon)

Accept my present undeterr’d.

And leave their proverbs to the herd.

If in a kiss — delicious treat! —

Your lips acknowledge the receipt;

Love, fond of such fubdantia! fare,

Aud proud to play the glutton there.

All thoughts of cutting will difdaio.

Save only,— Cut, and come again,

EPIGRAM, in ailufion to Martial.,

The Curate to his Rc8or,upon receiving from kirn

a hamper of Apples, the greater part of were bad.

Sunt bona mala roihi, fervo medioerta, por-cis,

Peffinaa; lie totam pafeis, amice, domum. The good fruit for me, the mean for my slave,

The word you delign my gruntlings dull have. ’Twai wilely contriv’d, and genciously meant; To treat my whole Uoufchold was, fuse, your icucuu W. S.

HI-

July 1780. Affairs in England. 383.

HISTORICAL AFFAIRS.

England. [314*]

" ConjlontinopkyJ a6. According to letters from Bombay, dated March 15. and received here the 8th instant, the Englifti East India company's army, under the command of Gen. Goddard, had taken every place to the northward of Surat, and to the southward of Ama-dabad, the capital of Guzzorat; which was likewise taken by storm the 15th of February, with the lofa of about 100 men killed and wounded. Gen. Goddard was on his return to the southward, and was within a few miles of the Mah-ratta armies; the generals of which were making proposals of peace, and, as a preliminary, had delivered up two English gentlemen, who had been in their hands for several months.—Sir Edward Hughes was arrived with his squadron at Madrass: and all the East India fleets which failed from England in March and May 1779, were likewise arrived in different ports in India, not a Blip being milling."

Under an article, dated, Admiralty-office, July 29. we have an extract of a letter from Capt. John Harvey, of the Panther, to Mr ’Stephens, dated, Gibraltar bay, June 8. viz.

" Nothing material has happened here necessary for their Lordships information, lince Corn.* Elliot failed, till the 7th instant; when, about one in the morning, his Majesty’s ship Enterprise, whose captain I directed to moor norths ward of the New Mole, to prevent any attack on the ships and vessels here, made the signal of an enemy’s approach. Seven ships or vessels were immediately perceived to be let on fire, and coming towards the New Mole. Some of those firelhipsdrove; and the others were, by the boats of the Enterprise, St Fcrmin and ordnance-transports, all towed by two o'clock to the southward of the New Mole. The largest went on shore in Rofciabay. Four of them drifting towards the Panther, lying off Rofcia, her boats were sent to grapple them; which they soon effected, and towed them on shore. At half past two, discovering two vessels making towards the Panther, several guns, with round and grape shot, were fired at them; on which they were set on fire. The boats, without difficulty, in a little time, towed them clear: one of them, a brig, got on ihoic at

Europa point; the other, a ship, drove to sea. Though the enemy had the most favourable wind, weather, &c. for their purpose, you will please to acquaint their. Lordships, not the least damage has been done to the shipping, nor had we a Oo-gle man hurt. A constant fire from all the ships and the garrison was kept up on the enemy's gallies and boats, which were very numerous; but the darknefa of the night prevented our discovering what execution was done. By what remains of the several vessels, and the species of (lores and combustibles unconfu-med, it is evident no labour or expence has been spared in their equipment. The largest ship is about X17 feet in the keel, had two tier of.ports, and was about the size of a fifty-gun ship. One ship appeared to be of about 300 tons, another of about 200, four brigs, and two small vessels.

By the flames of the fireships we observed several ships (landing off and oa the entrance of the bay, which at daylight we found to be the Spanish Rear-Ad m. Barcelo, in a ship of the liner with two frigates, and several xebecka and other armed vessels. They failed in the night from Algefir, with a view of intercepting any ship that might have been obliged to go out of the bay. A ship of the line likewise failed the day before from that place to the eastward, as is supposed with the fame design. Ia the morning the Spanish Admiral, with thefiigates and xebecks, returned and anchored at Algefir, where he now remains.

I cannot conclude my letter without, requesting that you will be further plea-fed to inform their Lordships, that the officers and company of his Majesty's ship under my command behaved with the greatest steadiness and resolution, particularly the officers and people in the boats, who grappled and towed off the fireships, notwithstanding the frequent, cxplofions of (bells. See, The behaviour of Capt. Leslie, the officers and company of his Majesty’s ship Enterprise, waa equally exemplary, not only for their vigilance in discovering and keeping a good fire on the enemy, which in a great measure was the means of frustrating their attempt, but likewise for the activity of their officers and people in the boats, towing off the fireihip9, &c% Capt. Faulknor, of his Majesty's (loop St Fermiu, then lying in the Mole, like-

384 Affairs in

wife gave great assistance with his boats. The officers superintending, matters and crews of the Dutton, Nottingham, f'riendship, and Union ordnance-transports, did great service, not only by keeping up a very smart fire on the enemy's gallies, &c. but also in fending their boats to assist in towing off the fire* Clips.*

A letter, dated, Gibraltar, June 7. gives an account of the Spanish and British naval force there when the above affair happened, viz. " The Spanish naval force here is composed of five line-of-battle ships, three frigates, and five xe-becks, besides their gallies and small craft; while onrs consists only of the Panther of 60 guns, Gibraltar of 16, ITnterprife a8, and the Fortune and St Permian, of 16. The two first are Rationed off Bonavifta, for the laudable purpose of assisting vessels in getting in here, which Hervey is most alert in doing, as often as in his power. The St Fermian keeps in the New Mole to protect the Spanifij prizes left here by the fleet; and the frigate and (loop are, by Hervey’s express written orders, constantly anchored between the New Mole and Ragged Staff, without fide of all the other ships, for their protection, and to give the alarm in cases of danger."

Under another article, dated, Admi-ratty-office, July 18. we have an extract of a letter from Adm. Geary, commander in chief of a squadron of his Majesty’s ships employed to the weft ward, to Mr Stephens, dated, at sea, July 5. viz.

" Monday, the 3d instant, the Monarch, being ahead on the look out, at ten a. m. made the signal for seeing a fleet of twenty-five fail; which judging to be a squadron of the enemy’s ships of war, and that no time might be loft, I Immediately ordered a general chace, which was continued all that day. At f^ve p. m. the Monarch made the signal to denote that (he passed the (ternmost of the enemy’s ships without securing them; as soon afterwards did the Fou-droyant, and some others of the head-most ships; and at the same time we could plainly discover from the Victory’s mad-head, that they were nearly up with the rest of the enemy’s ships. Soon after seven a thick fog unfortunately came on, and I shortened fail in order to close with the ships neared me, (leering the fame course under an easy fail until daylight the morning after. I with pleattire acquaint their Lordships, that all the

England. Vol.42.

ships have since rejoined me, except the Monarch and Defence, which I am informed were left in chace of the enemy’s ship of war, under whose protection the convoy had failed.

The fleet which we chafed, proves to be a convoy from Port au Prince, of between twenty-five and thirty fail, uoder convoy of the Fier of fifty guns, - and a large ship armi en Flutt; of which the vessels named in the inclosed lift have been captured; and had it not been for the sudden coming on of the fog at the hour 1 have mentioned, it is my opinioo that every ship of them would have been taken.

A Lift of frizes taken.

Brig Le Jeun Francois, by the Monarch.

Ship Le Comte D'Cftaing, by ditto.

Ship Le Hazard, by the Proferpioe.

Polacre Eleonora, by the Ambuscade.

Ship Maria Tercfa, by the Diana.

Ship Count D’Argout, by the Canada.

Ship Courier, by the Royal George.

Polacre Cofinopolite, by the Queen.

Snow Voyageur, by the Foudroyant.

Ship St Bartholomew, by the Prince George. Ship (name unknown) by the Defence. Polacre Le Solitaire, by the Alfred.

The above vessels are chiefly laden with sugar, coffee and indigo."

And under an article, dated. Admiralty-office, July we have an ext rad of a letter from the Hon. Capt. Walde-grave, of his Majesty’s ship La Prudent?, to Mr Stephens, dated, Spithead, July 18. viz.

" On the 4th instant, being on a cruize, with the Licorne in company, at ten o’clock a. ra. Cape Ortugal then bearing south and by weft, distance twenty-four leagues, the Licorne made the signal for seeing a fail in the N. W.; and a thick fog then dispersing, we discovered a large ship bearing down to us. I immediately made the signal to chafe; soon after which, the chace hauling her wind, being then only fix miles distance from us, we clearly discovered her to be a large frigate; which, from her construe-tion, we concluded to be French.

As we had light winds and calms the whole day, it was half past eleven p. m. ere I found myself within dose pistol-(hot of her. The signals (he now made, both with rockets and lights, convincing me that (lie was an enemy, ! immediately began to engage her; and at half past four a. m. (he haoled down her colours to his Majesty Vship* La Prudente and Licorne.

She

July1760. Affairs in England. 385"

She prpvcd to be La Capricieufe, a French frigate, eight days from L’Orient, pierced for guns, but mounting only 31; complement 308 men. She was launched m Match tail, measured tion tons, and was one of the finest frigates 1 ever saw.

I am very sorry to say, that the condition of the prize was such as rendered it impracticable to cfcort her to England. Indeed the very heavy loss 1 had sustained in the action, and unfortunately having twenty lick on shore, and many on board, made it absolutely impossible for me to give her the necessary assistance for that purpose; I therefore, after removing the prisoners, set her on fire.

Finding from the condition of my ship the utter impossibility of executing my orders, I have therefore given directions to Capt. Cadogan, the commander of his Majesty’s ship Licorne, to put them into immediate execution.

notwithstanding our seeming superiority, I hope the return of the killed and Wounded will sufficiently evince, that my officers and ship’s company have acquitted themselves in the most gallant and spirited manner. Indeed 1 feel it is impossible to do justice to their merits.

injusticeto Lieut. Binks of the marines, I must beg leave to observe to their JLordships, that his party behaved with the utmost steadiness and bravery, keeping up a regular and constant fire from the beginning of the action, till necessity called them to the great guns, where they shewed an equal share of spirit and good order.

But while I am thus giving those well-deserved encomiums to his Britannic Majesty’s subjects, 1 should feel myself in honour bound to give his enemies, on this occasion, the merits they are so truly deserving, did not the condition of their, ship, and the heavy loss they have sustained, sufficiently speak their praises. I must beg leave to add, in honour of M. de Cherval, who commanded La Capricieufe at the time ffie surrendered, that the colours were not hauled down till the ship had five feet water in her bold.

M.deRanfanneand M.de Fontaine,the first and second captains, both fell in the actron: but as to their tarther loss, we are as yet ignorant, being unacquainted with the number of prisoners on board the Licorne; but from a rough calculation of their officers, they must have at kaft 100 killed and woui.ded« Vob.XUL

It is with infinite concern that I ao* quaint their Lordships, that Lieut. Elllson stands foremost on the lift of the wounded, having been very kverely brui-fed in the back, and his right arm car* ried off by a shot. I must beg leave to recommend his misfortune, and the great intrepidity he shewed during the altion, to their Lordships raoft particular attention.

Killed and Wounded on hoard La

Killed: MefT. John Difmond, Riehafd Montgomery, Thomas England, and William Difmond, inidfhipmen, ix seamen, and t marine, is 17.

Wounded: Mr Elltfon, second lieutenant, Mr William M'Carty midshipman, xj sea-meo, and marines, is 31.—-Since dead of their wounds, x seamen, and r marioe.

Killed and Wounded in La Prudente 48.

In the Licorne, killed 3, Wounded 7, is

Our Jamaica fleet, confiding of upwards of 150 fail, convoyed by the Lyon, of 64 guns, the San Carlos, of 50 guns, and two (loops of war, arrived safe on the English coast about the 10th of July, all safe, not one ship missing; the whole computed to be worth two millions Sterling.

On the 15th of July failed from St Helen’s, the Royal George, the Godfrey* the Hillsborough, the Gatton, and the Mountstuart, for the East Indies, and a large fleet of ships for Jamaica, under convoy of the Buffalo, Capt. Cotton, of 60 guns; the Inflexible, Capt. Rayner, of 64; the Alarm, Sir Richard Pearson; the Thetis, Capt. Linzee; and the Southampton, Capt. Garner, of 31 guns each.

A fleet for the West Indies, confiding of 104 fail, which failed from Corke on the 14th of April, arrived safe at Barbadoes on the 26th of May.

The following is computed to be (nearly at lenft) the date of the European navies now on foot: Great Britain, 98 fail of the line; France, 7*; Spain, 46; Portugal, 5; Holland, 13; kuilia, 26; Sweden, 12; Denmark*

11. The smaller ffiips are not so easily ascertained, but they may be rated proportionably.

Gen. Prevoft from Georgia landed at Exeter on the 19th of July, was introduced to the King on the 26th, and was graciously received.

'* London, July 24. A few nights a*

go an extraordinary board of Treasury* was held at Whitehall, at which it was determined, immediately to send out a 1 the civil officers of the provinces of a-3 C rol ua

386 Affairs in England and Scotland* . Vol. 42,

rolina and Georgia to their respective employments. It was also determined to (end home as many refugees as might re-" turn to those parts with safety, providing them with money, necessaries, and conveyance. Their Lord ships did not . rife until twelve o’clock; and the next morning early orders were sent to the several parties; which were no doubt received with joy, as many of them have been long in the utmost distrefs/*

The freedom of the city of Corke has been presented to the Earl of Hillfbo-rough and to Lord North, to each in a gold box. — On that of the Earl of Hillsborough, which was presented on the 13th of July, the inscription was,

*To the Earl of Hillsborough, the first act of whose minittry completed what it had been the business of his life o promote, the happiness and prosperity , of Ireland: The freedom of the city of Corke is presented as a tribute of national gratitude to the ornament and the pil-, lar of his country.’* — On that of the Lord North, which was presented on the sift of July, the inscription was, " To Lord North, in whose admini-ft rat ion, and by the exertion of whose a-. bilities,. commercial rights have been restored to this kingdom, on constitutional principles, and commercial favours bellowed of the utmost magnitude, the freedom of the city of Corke is presented as a tribute of gratitude to the protestor of the commerce, assertor of the liberties, the patriot and friend of Ireland."

Scotland. [330 ]

On Sunday, June 25. Lyon Michael, glass-cutter, a Jew, born in Germany, who ban re tided a good many years in Edinburgh, was publicly baptized, by Dr Andrew Hunter, Professor of Divinity, before a very crowded congregation, in the New Grayfriars church of that city. He is about thirty-two years of age, and has been about four years married to a woman of this country, of the religion of the established church. Though stronely attached to Jcwifm at his marriage, he has for fometitnc past frequently attended divine tv or ship in the churches both of Glasgow and Edinburgh; so that his change of religion is not a thing done suddenly. By different conventions with him. Dr Hunter was fully convinced of his persuasion of the truth of the Christian religion, and attachment to its interests. He Ihowed

the Doctor a confession of his faith, and signed it in his presence: and on being afleed, if it was his own composition, be answered1, that he had written it in Hebrew, and had got one to translate it for him into Englifti. —- Dr Hunter on this occ* fion preached from Acts ii. 4.x. first clause of the verse. Before the baptism he read Mr Michael’s confession of faith, and be gave the young Christian a suitable exhortation.—We have been favoured with a copy of the confession, and insert it, viz.

" I Lyon Michael, a native of Prussia, was born and bred a Jew; and have lived, tiU of late, in the strictest conformity to their law. But, after mature deliberation within myself, I am now convinced, that the ceremonial law, and all its observances,. are now quite done away: And I solemnly profess, before God and this congregation. That I believe with my heart, that Jesus Christ is the only Son of God, the true Meffiah; and believe, that he came into the world in the fullness of time, to take a-way tin, by the sacrifice of himself; and that he really fullered and died on the cross, was buried, and rose again from the dead, and afeended into heaven; where he still continues to make inter-cefiGon for ois people. And 1 like wife believe, that he is God and man in one person; and that he will come again, in the end of time, to judge the world; when he will reward the just, and eternally punish the wicked.--Being the re-

fore deeply convinced of these truths from the Sacred Scriptures, 1 hereby, in presence of the Almighty God, and this people, solemnly renounce my former profession of Jewifm, and cordially embrace Christianity, as the true religion; and will, in a humble dependence.upon divine grace, endeavour to regulate my conduct by its precepts to my life’s end.

Lyon Michael.’’

Several persons in Scotland who had exerted themselves in opposing any relaxation of the laws against Popery, have been examined by order of a secretary of state, concerning their correspondence with Lord George Gordon. Mr Ralph Bowie, secretary of the committee of eorrespondence at Edinburgh, and Mr David Grant, preacher of the gospel, and one of the matters of Wat Ton’s hospital, a member of that committee, were examined, by the Sheriff of the county of Edinburgh and the Solicitor-General, on the ijth of July; John Pa*

terson>

July 1780. Affairs in Scotland. Captures. 387

terson, prefer of the eighty-five focietks [119.3 of Glasgow, was examined, by the Sheriff of that county, on the 19th, and delivered to the Sheriff all Lord George's letters; and the Rev. Mr Charles Niibet, one of the ministers of Afontrofe, was examined on the axil.

In the end of June an advertisenient appeared in the Edinburgh papers, for a meeting of persons qualified to serve as jurymen in the justiciary or circuit courts, to be held mtheparliament-house, Edinburgh, on the ift of August, lotake under confederation the Letter to Lord field[005.3, and to concert measures for asserting the rights and privileges of jurymen. — P. $. But the meeting did not hold.

Charles Cox, a soldier in the 31st foot, who was sentenced by the high court of judiciary to be hanged on the 24th of May, in Edinburgh* for /hop-breaking, but was recommended to mercy by the jury, has got a pardon.

On Wednesday,' May 17^ sixty pipes of French brandy were imported at the Broomielaw, Glasgow, out of the Triton, Thomas Martindale master, from Dublin, for which the duties were paid at the custom-house and excise office in Glasgow. This is the first importation at that place, it being now a port independent from that of Port-Glasgow.

About two o'clock in the morning of Friday, May 5. the theatre in Glasgow was discovered to be on fire. It was near three quarters of an hour before any material assistance con Id be procured, and the inside of the building, together with the Wardrobe, Scenery, &c. were entirely consumed.

" Edinburgh, April 24. It is with

pleasure we can inform the public, that the great canal, from the bason, as far as Auchintarric bridge eastward, is comprehended within the difirift of Glasgow. Entries for goods to and from foreign parts, are now admitted at the custom-house there, and officers appointed to the shipping at the Broomiclaw and Hamilton-hill. This privilege will prove of great utility, both to the coasting and foreign trade.*

London, July 31. The Queen has

been pleased to settle apen lion of 4001. per annum on Dr Hugh Blair, one of the Ministers of Edinburgh, as a mark of the pleasure her Majesty received in perusing the sermons lately published by ihat Rev. gentleman/* [zo8.]|

CAPTURES. [333]

From the London Gazette.

By JSritish men of frc.

By Admiral Geary’* fleet in the channel, ta French merchant (hipi.—See the Admi-eal’s account. [384]

By the La Prudente, Capt. Waldegrave, and ihe Litorne: La Capricieufe, a b reach frigate, pierced for gun*, but mounting only 34. She maintained an obstinate fight for several hour*, and had ahoui too men killed and wounded. The condition of the price was such, as rendered it impracticable to escort her to England; she was therefore, afier removing the prisoners, set on fire. There were killed and 13 wounded, on board the :La Prudente, and 3 killed and '7 wounded on hoard the Licorne. (384.]

By Commodore Johnflone’s squadron, off Lisbon: The Ariois French frigate, of 40 guns and 474 men, taken by the Rorattey, after a clofc a&ioa of half an hour, io which there were p killed and id wounded on board the Artois, and 3 wounded on board the Romney: and the Eulalie, of 18 guns and loo men, bound from Boucdeaux to Post au Prince, laden chiefly with wine and flour, taken by the ALolus, in company with two privateer cutters.

By the Nonsuch, Cape. Sir James Wallace: Three shipc, on the French, coast, taken, and a fouith burnt, after taking out a part of her loading. He then gave chice to three frigates, and came up with only one one of them, viz. La Belle Ponte, of 34 gtms and *7 smen, which he engaged very clofc for upwards of two hours before ffic (buck. There were killed and 50 wounded on board the La Belle Poule, and 3 killed and 10 wounded on board the Nonfcch. ft was this ship that began hostilities in an engagement with the Aretbufa, one of Adm. Kcppci’s frigates. [40. 3x5 ]

Vice-Adm. Sir Peter Parker, commander in chief on the Jamaica station, in a letter to the Admiralty, of May 16. transmitted a list of thirty prizes taken by the Aiips under his command, from the i8ih of November 1779, to the fir 11 of April m8o: [40. 564.] Of which the Punch tender took 14; the Resource, Lyon, Hound, and Loweftoffe, 4 each; the Salish'iry and Pallas, 1 each; the Pallas and squatlron ix the Ruby and squadron I, the Ruby and Pallas 1, the Phoenix and Pallas i, the Janlir, Biiflol, and Lyon, 1, and the Niger, Pomona, Jamaica, and Poit Moraat armed (loop i. One of these is 500 ton*, 50 gum, and 397 men, from Cadiz to Omoa, with brass cannon, (hoi, See.; another, of 350 tons and ao guns, a third of 130 tons aiul 10 guns, the rest arc from 100 to a5 ions 3 C a and

388 Capture!. VoL 42,

and loaded chiefly with ftigar, coffee, cotton, lumbfcr, and different kinds of provisions,

tkc. Stc.

From Lloyd's Marine Lift*

By British men of war, &c.

By the Nonsuch: The Huffar French prr vateer, of 18 nine-pounders and rao men* carried into Plymouth.

By the Romney and the Enterprise, part of Commodore Johnffon’s fleet: A Swede, laden with wheat for Cadis, Sent into Lif-bon.

By the Enterprise: A Dutch galliot, from Cadis to Offend, laden with Spanish wool, vine, &c. carried into Falmouth.

By the Carysfort frigate: Tha Liefde, a Dutch Ship, from Dantsick to Bourdeaux, frith planks and spars.

By British privateers, ire.

By the Fame privateer of Greenock, Capt. Fife: A French Sloop, near the island of St Kitts. The Fame took another prize a short time l^efore the above.

By the Admiral Edwards privateer, Capt. Murdon: An American schooner, for America, with salt, wine, and bale goods, carried into Dartmouth.

By the Union of Pool, the Rambler of Guernsey, and the Alarm of Jersey, privateers: La Veirge Maria, of aoo tons and 8 guns, from Bourdeaux to Cape Francis, laden with wine, brandy, and linen.

By the Endeavour privateer of Jersey: A french brig from Havre to Caen, laden writh wheat, carried into Jersey.

By the Hypocrite, Benyon: La Virgin del'Carmen, from St Andcro to Cadiz, carried into Liverpool.

By the Sally and Rachel letter of marque, Capt. Hays: The Zoi from Alicant to Offend, laden with barilla, railins, wine, Ate.; the Emanuel, from Riga to Marfeilies, with wheat, cordage. See. carried into Falmouth; the Friendship, from Petersburg to Bourdeaux, laden with hemp and irou, carried into Weymouth; and the Juffrow Wo-bither, from Bremen to Bourdeaux, with deals.

By the Achilles privateer: The Fairy, Capt. Webber, from Loodon to Quebec, retaken*

The Thetis, one of the Jamaica fleet, taken 'ff Newfoundland and carried into Bo-, flon. is tetaken by the Oliver Cromwell, and Carrico into St Kitts.

By the Mary and Elifabcth privateer of Folkstone: The Elifabcth, Burnet, from Li-baw for Berwick, retaken, and carried into Dover.

By a Jersey cutter: A French St Domingo ship, Cent into Ltlbon.

' iiy the Mercury privateer: 3*hc bri|

Nancy, from London to Quebec, retaken and sent into Bristol.

By the Eagle, Ashton, from Liverpool: Two prizes, carried into the West Indies,

By the Dolphin, Ford: The Light Chasse-Maree, carried into Penzance.

By the General Conway privateer: The Anne brig, from Glasgow to Sc Augustine, with provisions. Set;, and a Hoop, name unknown, both retakeo, and lent into Jersey.

By the Frieodfltip privateer: A galliot from Cadiz to the Groyne, with salt, carried into Dartmouth.

Bp tie Fren, &c.

The Union, Philips, from Lilboa foe New York, carried into New London.

The Betly, Ogilvie, from London for New York, carried into Salem.

The Eagle packet, from London to the East Indies, carried into the West Indies) the mail destroyed.

The Minerva, Penny, from Halifax to Surinam, carried into Philadelphia.

The Adventure, Midfovd, from Madeira to Antigua, carried into Martinico.

The Hume, M’Lean, from Jamaica for New York, carried into Newport.

Taken, but whether carried not mentionr ed: The packet for Offend*

The Albioa, Huichinlon, from Liverpool to Archangel, sent for Boston, af-so, the Speedwell, Tease, from Peterhead to Norway, by three American letters of marque. They gave the Speedwell to Capa. Hutchinson, and put the prisoners on boaid her, who is arrived at loverness.

The Favourite, Howard, from London to Waterford; and the — — Crofthwaic, from Belfast to London; both carried into Dieppe.

The Golden Eagle privateer of London, Capt. Scott, carried into Bilboa.

The Active privateer of Pool, carried into Brest.

The Richard and Mary, from Penzance to Plymouth, sent for France.

The Pallas of Liverpool, of i fix-pounders, carried into Rochford.

The Nelly floop, for Lisbon, with wheat; and the Juno, of to fix-pounders, with wine and salt, for Quebec, both burnt.

The Devonshire, Patten, from London to New York, carried into Rochelle.

The Catharine, Murdoch, from Glasgow to Jamaica; the Venus, M*Daniel, from ditto to Georgia; and two brig*, names unknown, all carried into -

The Brownball, hiclb;t, taken*ut Mobile.

The Providence, DebenUam, finm Liverpool to Yarmouth, carried into Boulogne.

The Padmore, Williams, from Chester tp London, with iron-ordnance.

The HiHIboroogh Packet! from Jamaica

July 1780. Captures, Marriages, Births, and Deaths. 3

to London. The mail was thrown overboard.

Three Hoops, names unknown, taken off Poole, by a French row-boat.

The Ranger, Molly, from London to Lisbon, carried into Cadiz.

The Lady Parker, M'Dowal, from Georgia to Jamaica, carried ioto Cape Francois.

The Union, Clark, and Kitty, Lyon, both from Liverpool to New York, carried into the bay of Santa Fee, on the Spanish main.

The Industrious Increase, Bevan, from Halifax to Jamaica.

Taken, but ransomed: The John, M‘Dou-gal, from Sligo, for joo guineas; the Thomas, Wilkins, from Corke, for 300 I.; the Hare, Roxburgh, from London for Quebec, for 1x50 1.; the Betty, Bruce, from Gotten, burg to Aberdeen, for 5001.; a vessel from Cornwall, with copper ore, for 130 guineas; the Diligence, for Cornwall, for 150 guineas; the Neptune, Berry, from Swansey, for 5001.; the Unioo, Bowen, for 700 I.; the John, Mortimer, from Liverpool, for 3«o I.; the Bachelor, Lee, for 10091.; the Happy Return, Broks, of Lewes, for 100 guineas; the Stanley, Shirbourne, from Liverpool to Penzance, for sool.; the Resource, Bell, from Milford to London, for aoo guineas; the Garnet, Williams, from Cork to Liverpool, for 500 guineas; the Fanny, Williams, from ditto to ditto, for 10© guineas; the Jane and Mary, Machel, from Whitehaven for Peteifburg, for guineas; the Susannah, Lamport, from Corke to BriHol, for rtoo guineas; the fla* nard, Lewis, from Milford to Plymouth, the Aim not mentioned; the Contentment, Bancroft, from Liverpool to Archangel, for 500 I.; the John, Rawson, from Mcmel to Whitehaven, for 1000 I.; the Mary, Kin* pear, for 500 guineas; the William and John, Ramsay, from Whitehaven to Waterford, for 500 guineas; the Vigilant, Bound, from Milford to Poole, for 450 1.; (lie Providence, Pagan, from Liverpool to Chepstow, for 300 guineas; the Dartmouth, Giles, from Lymington to Dartmouth, for 0oJ.; the Naocy and Peggy, Cload, from Riga, for 6001.; the Stanley, Shirborne, from Liverpool to Penzance, with salt, for aoo guineas.

The black Princess captured many of the above, who, with her contort, had upward* of twenty ran footers on boaid at one time, betides seven fail sent to france.

Marriages.

July 13. At Edinburgh, Mr James Walker writer to the signet, to Mils Jean Hay, daughter of the late Richard Newton of Newton, Esq:

47. At Q.mon-park, the feat of Lord

Newhaven, Sir Henry Dafhwood, Be, to Miss Graham, niece to his Lordship, and daughter of the deceased John Graham, late

of Bengal.

17. Mr William Anderson bookseller in Stirling to MiA Janet Randal), daughter of Mr Thomas Randall, one of the ministers of Stirling.

Birth s.

July %. At Shelburne house, the Counted of Shelburne, of a son:

3. At London, the Lady of the Earl of Percy, of a daughter. [41. »86.j

5. At Dunkcid, the Duchess of Athol, of a daughter.

D B A T H S.

- Commodore Collingwood. It appears that he had been removed, in a weak condition, from the Grafton into the Brilliant frigate at Barbadoes, to take his passage for Europe on the 30th of May laA. The latter had proceeded only one day on her voyage when the Commodore died.

June 17. At New York, Capt. Martin, of the Hessian Engineers, deputy quarter-matter-general to the Hellian troops in America.

At Leeds, in Yorkshire, Mr Wheatley, an eminent clothier, aged 106.

a8. At Eatter Elihies, John Grant, Esq; of Gellovic.

In the county of Louth, in Ireland, aged 115, Mr Gernon.

In South Wales, aged 109, Mr D. Wat-fain.

30. At Dublin, the Hon. Lieut.-Co). Fr. Napier, commanding officer of the marines.

July 1. At his house in Woolwich Warrea, Gen. Belford, colonel of the tft battalion of the royal regiment of artillery.

4. At his feat at Tervueren, near Brufielr, in the 68th year of his age, his Royal Highness Charles-Alexander, Duke of Lorrain and Bar, Grand Master of the Teutonic Order, Governor and Captain General of the Auttrian Netherlands, &c. &c.

6. At Aberdeen, Jean Lcfiie, refill of the Rev. Mr David Rae.

6. At Catnelon-house, Major John Chalmers Ferguson.

At Frampton, in Hants, Mr Robert Pring, a rich farmer, in the 103d year of hit age. He rented one farm 75 years.

ao. At Edinburgh, Miss Alice Dundas, daughter of Laurence Dundas, Esq;

at. At Edinburgh, Mrs Carnegy, refill of James Carnegy of Finhaven.

as. At Dalmaghie-house, Miss John Balmain, eldest daughter of James Balmain, Esq; solicitor of excise.

a3. Mrs Ann Pringle, daughter of the de-ccaled James of Torwoodlic, Esq;

39° Deaihs and Preferment* Vol. 4*.

*4. John Mdrtoo, Esq; chief justice of Chester, Attorney-general to the Queen, do puty high tteward of the universny of Oxford, anti member of parliament for \^igan.

aj. At Stirling, in the 70th year of hi* age, and 4»d of his ministry, Mr Thomas Randall, one of the ministers of that borough.

ad. At his feat of Ross, Robert Buchaoan, Esq; of Drummalcill.

»8. At her house in Crieff, M»s Grizel Er-skine, daughter of the deceased Charles Are-fleioc of Alva, Lord Justice Clerk.

a8. Ac his feat of Auchtermonie, John Bell, Esq; author of Travels through Rulha.

19- At his house in Duibarn, the Rev. Dr Do6gla* of Cavers.

ap. At London, the Lady of the Earl of Hilliborough.

ap. At the inanfc of Blair in Athol, Mir Alexander Stewart minister of that parish.

July 30. At Bath, Lady Susannah Hou-floun, iclidf of Sir Thomas Houlton.

31. At Brae-house, near Edinburgh, Mr Charles Butter, wright, aged 86.

PREFERMENTS.

From the London Gazette.

The King has been pleased,

July 8. to present Mr Daniel Rose, preach^ -cr of the gospel, to the church and parish of Dingwall, in the county of Ross, vacant by the death of Mr Adam Rose.

8. to appoint Mr John Piingle, advocate, so be fticritf-depute of the shires of Stirling and Clackmannan, in the room of Mr Alexander Abereromby, who has religned.

11. to appoint James Wallace, Esq; his Majesty’s Solicitor-General, to be his Attorney General, [in the room of Alexander Weddcrburn, Esq; now Lord Loughborough, and Lord Chief Justice of the court of Common Pleas].

>S* to appoint John Heath, Esq; to be one of the Judges of the court of Common Pleas, in the room of Sir William Blaqk-flone, Kt, deceased.

iS* to appoint Sir Hugh Palliser, Bt, to be Matter of Greenwich i ospital, and aTo one of the Commissioncis or Governors thereof.

From other &c.

The Hon. Lt.- Gen. Alexander Mackay, is appointed Commander in Chief of the forces in Scotland, in the room of Sir James Adolphus Oughton, deceased.

James Mansfield, Ffq; King’s counsel, is appointed Solicitor-General, in the room of Mr Wallace, now Attorney-General.

Colonel John Campbell is appointed Governor of Milford Haven.

War-office, June av i ith dragoons: Lieut. Frank Moore to be ^a^tain, vice Henry Sayer.

171b foots Lieut., John Nodes to he Captain of one of the additional companies* vice John M'Phrrfon.

War-office, July 8.

79th foot: Capt -Lieut. -William ColviN to be Captain, vice Thomas Dunbar; and Lictn. James Mounfey to he CapUin-Lift^ tenant, vice William Colvill.

War.office, July iy.

99th regiment of foot.

Colonel: Maj - Gen. Thomas Rainsford.

Leu tenant-Colonel: Maj. James Balfour, of 6th foot.

Major: Cap.. Benjamin Charnockr Payne, of 18th foot.

Captains: Capt. Joseph Smith Speer, of lare pad foot: Capt. Patrirk Moore, of 6p'h foot; Lieut. Francis Mackay, of 75th foot; Lieut. Alexander Grant, of 71st foot; Lieut. Robert Campbell, of 38th foot; Lteuc. Thomas Muleafter, of ad - foot; and Lieut. Richard Croker, of a8th foot.

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut. William Giles, of 34th foot.

War-office, July 18.

33d foot: Lieut. Allaa Malcolm, from 43d foot, to be Captain, vice Robert Cratoe.

43d foot: Lieut. William Morris, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Richardson.

60th foot, ad batt: Capr.-Lieut. William Richardson to be Captain, vice John K. Muller.

doth foot, 3d batt.: Lieut. Hans Carden to be Captain, vice Francis Dutfield; and Lieut. Alexander Brcly, from 54th foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice James Robertson.

doth foot, 4th batt.: Capt.-Lieut. James Robertson, from 3d batt. to be Captain, vice Taylor Croker.

70th foot: Capt.-Lieut. John Merideth to be Captain, vice Patrick Ferguson; and Lieut. James Ingram, from 33d foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice John Merideth.

71st foot: Lieut. Alexander Sutherland to be Captain-Lieutenant,- vice Charles Campbell; Capt.-Lieut. Alexander Sutherland to be Captain, vice George Munro: Lieut. Harry Munro, from 4id foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Alexander Sutherland; Maj. Alexander M'Donald to be Lieo-tenant-Colooel, vice John Maitland; Capt. Patrick Ferguson, from 70th foot, to be Major, vice Alexander McDonald; Lieut. Robert Duncanfon to be Capuin, vice Hamilton Maxwell; Capt.-Lieut. Harry Munro to be Captain, vice Norman M'Leod; Lieut. John Robertson, from 4id foot, to be Capuin, vice Macintosh» And Lieut.

Norman

July 1780. Preferments.' 39

Norman M'Leod, from 4td foot* to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Harry Muoro.

Surg. Richard Huddle Bon, of 71b foot, to be Apothecary to the General Hospital ia North America.

War-office, aj.

ifth light dragoons: Capt -Lieut. Jonathan Thomas to be Captain, vice Alexander Murray; and Lieut. Evelyn Anderson to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Jonathan Thor-

Bias.

tfrft foot: Capt.-Lieut. Caleb Barne to be Captain, vice Hon. Charles Henry Cadogan; and Lieut. Christopher Nuttal to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Caleb Barne.

War-office, July ap.

rpth light dragoons: Lieut. Sir James '

Erskine, Be. of aid dragoons, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Hon. Charles Gunter

Le^gc.

6th foot: Capt. Francis James Scott to be Major, vice James Balfour; Capt.-Lieut. William Whifton to be Captain, vice Francis June* Scott; and Lieut. James Blath-wayt so be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Whiftoo.

txth foot: L'eot. Charles Hidings to be Captain, vice Joseph Collins.

iSihfoot: Capt.-Lieut. John Peter de Lanccy -to be Captain, vice Benjamin Char-nock Payne; and Lieut. Francis John Kelly to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice John Peter de Laneey.

S >(1 foot: Lieut. George Don to be Captain, vice Thomas Green.

6pib foot: Capt -Lieut. Archibald Campbell 10 be Captain, vice Patrick Moore; and Lieoc. John Ker to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Archibald Campbell.

97th foot: Capt. Nafiau Smith, of 88th #Qot, to be Captain, vice James Sholto Douglas.

88th foots Capt. James Sholto Douglas, of 97th foot, to be Captain, vice Nassau Smith.

Lieutenant-Colonels in the Army: Lt-Col. James Mark Prevoft, of 60th foot, Aug. ap. *777; Lt-Col. James Balfour, of 99th foot, Nov ap, 1779; and Lt-Col. William Mac-iotolh, of 971b foot, Nov. 90. 1779-

Majors io the Army: Maj. Benjamin Char-nockPayne, of the 99th foot, Aug. at. 1779; Maj. Archibald Kmloch Gordon, of 90th foot, Aug. ax. r 779; Maj. Joseph Duflaux, of 97th foot, Aug. 13, *779; Maj. Cohn Mackenzie, of 9xd foot, Aug. »779 J Maj. Peter Hunter, of pad foot, Aug. a *779» Maj. Hon. H. F. Stanhope, of 8<Stli foot, Aug. ad. 1779; Maj. John William Egerton, of aid dragoons, Aug. *7- *779 Maj. James Sufanoa Patton, of 93d foot,

Aug. a8. 1779; Maj. Hon.Charlet Cathcar% of 98th foot, Aug. ap. 1779; Maj. John Campbell, of 96th foot, 0<SL 10. 1779* Maj. Mackay Hugh Basilic, of 94th foot, Nov. 17. 1779; Maj. John Joiner Ellis, of 89th foot, Nov. ap. 1779; and Maj. lion# Charles Gunter Legge, of 96th foot, Nov. 30. 1779.

Colonels in the Army, without permanent rank or haifpay: Col. John Reid, of pjttx foot, 0<£L 10. 1779; and Col. Wm M'Car-xnick, of 93d foot, 0<ft it. 1779.

Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army, without permanent rank or halfpay: Lt-Col.

John Baker Holroyd, of and dragoons, 0&. ji. 1779.

Lieutenant-Colonels in the Army, and to take rank during the establishment of the regiments to which they belong: Lt-Col. Sir Thomas Egerton, Bt, of the royal Lancashire volunteers, July at. 1779; and Lt-Col. Thomas Dundas, of Lord Fauconberg’* regiment, July a*. 1779.

Major in the Army, and to take rank during the cftahliQiment of Lord Fauconberg’* regiment: Maj. Robert Paul, of Lord Fauconberg’s regiment, July aa. 1779.

Ctrmmifliws ffgned by his Majesty for the army m

Ireland.

Four dated Dec. 14. 1779, viz.

tft horse: Lieut. Johu Holkins to be Captain, vice Alexander Leckcy, who retires.

13th dragoons t Capt. Anthony Lefroy to be Major, vice Janies Callander, who retires; and Lieut. Alexander Murray to be Captain, vice Lefroy.

Two dated Jan. 9. viz.

3<tth foot: Capt.-Licor. Philip Hade, of the 63th foot, to be Captain, vice Dudley Ackland, promoted.

68'hfoot: Licur. lion. Richard St Leger to he Captain-Lieutenant, vice Philip Halle, promoted.

One dated March 17, viz.

30th foot: Capt. George Ramsay, of the 94th foot, to he Captain, vice James Lee, who exchanges.

' Tim doted April 7. viz.

9th dragoons: Capt.-Lieut. Arthur Ormf-by, of the rath dragoons, to be Captain, vice William Adlercton, deceased.

1 ath dragoon*: Lieut. James Garden, of the 9th dragoons, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Arthur Otmfby, promoted.

One dated April to, viz.

Invalids: See-Lieut. Thomas Atkinson* of the Royal IiiOi artillery, to be Captain, vice Lt-Col. Robert Kingston.

One dated April ia. viz.

66th foot: Lieut. William Brownlow, of the ad reg. of horse, to be Captain, vice A-mosVcrcker, who retires.

Ships

39* Preferments, Prices,

Ships of -war tmmjftonei, new appointed. [334.]

Ships. Guns.

Britannia 100

Ajax 74

Raisonable *4

Buffaloe 60

Preston JO

Warwick 50

San Carlos J®

Roebuck 44

Monsieur 40

La Fortune 40

Am bu fcadc 3*

Diana 3*

Convert 3*

La Blanche 3*

L* Alcmcnc 3*

Providence 3*

Charlcftown 3*

HufTar 18

Milford 28

Dealcastle *4

Garland »4

Camel *4

Sphynx *4

Came Icon 16

Surprifal 18

Helena *4

Port Royal 18

Sylph 18

Star f 0

Halifax 18

Antigua >4

Vefcvio, J,b0mb‘ \l

Pluto 1 IFire-f 8

purnace 1 |ships\ 8

Albemarle ] armed \l°

Satisfactionj 'ships, I"

Commanders.

James Bradby J. Symons S. Child

Rowland Cotton Wm Trofeott H.G.K. Elphinftone Hon. T. Pakenham Rd Douglas, offing Hon. Charles Phipps Hugh C. Christian H. Hugh S. Conway Sir Wm Burnaby, Be L. Robertfoo

S. Uppleby James Brine J. Henry

H. Francis Evans C. M. Pole Philip Patton ames Hawkins ames Watt John Pakenham Francis J. Hartwell Archibald Walter George Day Francis Roberts Archibald Hayne Geo. Ann Pulceney — Ingram Edmund Bower R. Barton — Gardiner — - Clements

T. Geary — Wright J. Thomns James Samber"

, Thomas Langlands, Esq; is appointed by the Royal Boroughs to be their agent at London, in place of George Ross, Etq; who lus resigned.

On Saturday, June 14. the degree of Doctor in Medicine was conferred on the following gentlemen by the universicy of Edinburgh [41. jra.]. Thfe titles of their theses are annexed to their names respectively.

From America:

Nicolas Romaync, De puris William Moore, De bit*.

From Wales:

Trevor Jones, De paralyf

From Ireland:

Henry Blake, De terror boi

Joseph Little, De variola.

Edward Nugent, De febre

Henry Harris, De morris

John Caldwell, De hyjtcr

Robert Perceval, De corde.

Robert Hamilton, De

Mortality-bill, &c. VOL42.

Of Great Britain:

Robert Will ah, De jetinoris

Henry Cullen, De confuet

Robert Buck, De ifeburia

Will. Charles Wells,

William St Clair, De variolis infereniis. Andrew Bain, De caufis febrium.

James Moseley, De peripneumonia vera. Henry Slaughter, De f puerpereli.

Prices of grain at Haddingt, Aug. 4. 1780.

Best. Second. Third.

Wheat, t8s. 7d. 17 s. d. Itfs. 4<L

Bear, 15 s. od. 14*. od. 13 s. 4d.

Oats, 11s. od. vis. 6d. iot. 6dL

Pcafe, 9 s. od. 8s. 0 d. 7*. 9<*-

Edinburgh, Aug. aa. 1780. Oat-meal, pd. if. Bear-meal, 6d. Pease-meal, 3d. if.

Burials in the Gray friars church-yard, Edinburgh, in July 1780.

Males Females *4 *» 13 j. Decreased 4.

Age. N" D I 3 E A s 1 8. N*

Under 2 8 Aged 4

a & 5 3 Bowelhive — X

S & 10 X Consumption - - 10

10 10 3 Drowned

SO & 3° 1 Fever 7

30 & 40 a Inflam, in the throat X

40 & JO 3 Small pox 3

JO & 60 3 Teething — S

60 & 70 4

70 At 80 4

80 & 90 2

0 & 100 0

PRICES of STOCKS.

July rj.

Bank Stock, 116 1 half.

South Sea Old ^nn. 61 3 8ths.

3 per cent. Bk. red. 6% 8th a 3 8ths.

3 per cent. Conf. 61 7 8ths.

India Ann 59 1 8th.

4 per cent. Conf. 61 1 8th a 3 8th«.

Ditto New 1777, 75 a 8th a 3 8ths.

India Bonds, 19*. Pr.

Navy and Vi&. Bills, 11 7 8ths a 3 4ths peret Long Annuities, 16 j 8:hs.

Sctip. 76 i half a 3 .8ths.

Annuities 1778,1a 3 4th$.

Lottery Tickets, 13 1. 4* o d.

July a?.

South Sea Old Ann. 60 3 4ths.

3 per cent. Bk red 62 1 8th.

3 per cent. Conf 61 act 7 8 hr.

4 per cent Conf 61 act 7 8ths.

Ditto New 1777, 7 j 1 8th a 7j India Bonds, 2 a s. a 13 s.

Navy and Vidt Bills, 11 3 8ths per ct Long Anouitiefc, 16 7 8th Scrip. 76 r 4th.

Annuities 1778, 12 5 8ths a 9 idlhr.

Lottery Tickets, 13 1. 4 s. o d.

SCOTS

AUG

THE

MAGAZINE.

U S T, 1780.

C O N T

Guthrie on the manner of treating persons affe&ed by Fumes 395.

Dtflributioa of the British Land forces 395.

A lift of the British Navy, where Rationed, Ac. 39$.—399.

—of those of France, Spain, and Russian neutral 400.

An account of the late Tumults, concluded. Blue cockades forbid 401. No French rioters ib. An intended speech of Lord Abingdon 40a. Both Housec adjourn ib Ld G. Gordon committed403. A reward offered for discovering rioters 404. Remarks 405. A tumult at Bath ib. A letter circulated by the Protestant association 406. Letters between the Privy Council and the Lord Mayor 407, dec. A plan for preserving the peace 408. Letters of Lord Amherst 408, Ac. A reward offered for discovering the infligators of the tumuhs 411...— The King’s speech

to parliament 41a. Lords on the tumults 413. Commons on ditto 415. Addresse»4t6.

ENTS.

Circular letter for discovering the number of Papists 394*

Import and Export Trade of Britain 400.

Executions of the rioters 417.

The progress of St Do mingo island 418.

Parliament. Lords on Ld Ami nft's letters 419. Commons on the military acting independently of the civil power 4x0. on the reformation-bill 4x1. and on the county-petitions 4x3.

Dr Grant on the Gout 4*?,

Am t r 1 CA. Arrangement in South Caro« lina 4x4. An incurGon into the Jerseys 4x5. Martial law declared in Pennfylvanin ib. New-Yorkers ’complimented 41$. Atfts passed by the Mafiachufet’s-bay assembly ib. Sea and land forces arrive in North America and the West Indies 4x<S.

Portry. The exile4x9. Maxims ib. On Mercury teaching Cupid to read 430. A new huoting-song ib. An epitaph of two words ib. To Lady Craven's heart ib. Stanzas to Night ib.

Histori cal Affairs 431.-448.

account of the manner in which fiavt treat persons ajfe by the fumes of burning charcoal.

In a letter from Dr Guthrie of,

to Dr Priejiley.

From the Philosophical , W.

69. part2. 1779.

RUffian houses are heated by the means of ovens; and the manner of heating them is as follows. A number of billets of wood are placed in the pecch or Rove, and allowed to born till they fall in a mass of bright red cinders; then the vent above is foot up, and likewise the door of the peech, which opens into the room, in order to concentrate the heat. This makes the tiles of which the peech is Vol.XUJ.

composed as hot as you delire, and sufficiently warms the apartment. But Tome* times a servant is so negligent as to shut. up the peech or oven before the wood is sufficiently burnt: for the red cinders should be turned over from time to time to see that no bit of wood remain of a blackish colour, but that the whole maG| is of an uniform glare (as if aimolt transparent) before the openings are shut; else the ugar or vapour is sure to succeed to mismanagement of this fort. And its effects are as follows. (

If a person lays himself down to sleep in the room exposed to the influence of this vapour, he falls into so found a llcep that it is difficult to awake him, but he feels (or is sensible of) nothing. There ip pp spa&a edited in the trachea

3 U or

394 Guthrie on Fames. Number of Papists Inquired Into* VoL 42

oir lungs to rouse him; nor does the breathing, by all accounts, seem to be particularly affected; in ihort, there is no one symptom of suffocation: but towards the end of the catastrophe, a fort of groaning is heard by people in the next room, which brings them fometifties to the relief of the sufferer. If a person only fits down in the room, without intention to Deep, he is, after some time, seized with a drowsiness, and inclination to vomit. However, this last symptom seldom affects a Ruffian; it is chiefly foreigners who are awaked to their dangers by a nausea: but the natives, in common with strangers, perceive a dull pain in their heads; and if they do not remove directly* which they are often too sleepy to do, are soon deprived of their senses, and power of motion, info-much that if no person fortunately discover them within an hour after this worst stage, they are irrecoverably loft: for the Ruffians say, that they do not succeed in restoring to life those who Have lain more than an hour in a state of infen fibility.

The recovery is always attempted, and often effected, in this manner. They carry the patient immediately out of doors, and lay him upon the snow, with nothing on him but a shirt and linen drawers. His stomach and temples are then well rubbed with snow; and cold water, or milk, is poured down his throat. This friction is continued with fresh snow until the livid hue, which the body had when brought out, is changed to its natural colour, and life renewed. Then they cure the violent head-ach which remains, by binding on the forehead a cataplasm of black-rye bread, and vinegar.

in this.manner the unfortunate man is perfectly restored, without blowing up the lungs, as is necessary in the case of drowned persons; on the contrary, they begin to play of themselves so soon as the surcharge of phlogiston makes its escape from the body.

It is well worthy of observation, how diametrically oppotite the modes are of restoring to life those who are deprived of it by water, and those who have loft it by the fumes of charcoal; the one con-filling in the internal and external application of heat, and the other in that of cold. It may be alleged, that the ftimu-lus of the cold produces heat; and the fail seems to be confirmed by the Ruffian method of restoring circulation in a fro-

zen limb by means of friction with snow* But what is Angular in the case of people apparently deprived of life in the manner treated of, is, that the body is much warmer when brought out of the room than at the instant life is restored, and that they awake cold and shivering. The colour of the body is also changed from a livid red to its natural complexion; which, together with some other circum* stances, would almost lead one to suspect, that they are restored to life by the snow and cold water somehow or other freeing them from the load of phlogiston with which the system seems to be replete; for although the first application of cold water to the human body produces heat, yet, if often repeated in very cold atmosphere, it then cools In-fteaid of continuing to heat, just as the cold bath does when a person remains too long in it.

To tht ftiinifltr of the Parish of —

Rbv. Sir,

'T*HE Lord Archbishop of Canterbury

* has communicated to me the purport of a letter which he received from Lord Viscount Stormont, one of his Majesty’s principal secretaries of state, signifying to him his Majesty’s pleasure, in consequence of an address presented to his Majesty by the House of Lord$ in July last, that his Grace should give directions to all the Bishops, his suffragans, to procure from the parochial clergy in their respective dioceses, an account of the Papists, or reputed Papists, within their fevera! parities; and that they iliould have the fame ready to be laid before the House of Lord9 on the first day of the next session of parliament. £371.]

I do therefore hereby require you to prepare such a list as far as relates to your parish, and fend it to me in St James’s square, on or before the 10th day of October next; and if there should be any Papists or reputed Papists in your parish, you will likewise inform me of it by the time above mentioned. And I desire you also to inquire, whether there is any Popish school or schools within your parish; and acquaint roc, whether any, and what numbet of children of Protestant parents are taught therein.

I am, Rev. Sir, youc affectionate brother and humble servant, R. Londom.

Fulham, August 16. 1780.

Similar letters hive been sent by all the Bishops in England to their subordinate clergy.

Aug. 1780. Distribution of his Majesty’s Land-forces. 395

In Great Britain, Guernsey, and . Ji* R E Y«

TWO troop* horse-guards. '

Two troops horse-grenadicr*guards.

One regiment Royal horse-guards.

Three regiment* dragoon-guard*. iA, ad, jd, 4th, dch, 7th, totb, 1 tth, 13th, idth, 19th, aoth, a 1 A, and and regiments of dragoons.

Three regiments of foot-guard*, confining of seven battalions, from which 1000 men are detached to North America.

Regiments of foot, 1 A, ad,

6lb, roth, 13th, 14th, 18th, 15th, »6th, 41A invalids, 4*d second battalion, 45th, 48th, $cth, jid, 59th, 65th, 69th, 78th, 83d, 5th, 95th, 96th, 97th, and 98th.

Four regiments fencibles in North Britain. Three regiments fencibles in England.

*. A corps of light dragoons, commanded by Major Lifter ;and 40 independent companies of invalids.

The royal regiment of artillery confiAs of battalions, and has detachments at every place where there are troops, except Ireland and the East Indies.

General and Staff Officers.

General. Jeflery Lord Amherst. Lieutenant-Generals.

Hon. R. Monkton Hon. Alex.Mackay.

Richard Pierson Com. in Chief North

'William Haviland Britain.

lames Johnson Lord Adam Gordon

Hon. Geo. L. Parker Simon Frafer Major-Generals.

'William Stile Thomas Hall

George Warde Charles Grey

Rob. Skeene, N. Brit. George Morrison

S. L. Morris Rich. P. Phillipson

Thomas Calcraft Hon. Hen. St John Lient. Gen.William AmherA, Adjutant Gen. M. Gen. G. Morrison, Quarter

Lt. Col. A. Williamson, Deputy Adj. Gen. Col. Wm. Roy, Deputy Quarter Majicr-Gcu.

Ireland.

Four regiments of horse.

Regiment* of dragoons, 3th, 8th, 9th, xath, 13th, 14th, and 18th.

Regiments of foot, 3d, nth, 19th, 30th, 3*d, 36th, ddth, 07th, 458th 77th, and BiA. Ten companies of invalids.

One regiment of royal artillery.

General and Staff Officers.

Lieut. Gen. Sir J. Irwine, Commander Chief.

Lieutenant- Generals.

James John Aone George PreAon

Robert Cunningham Launcelot Baugh

Major-Generals.

Edward Maxwell Flower Mocher

Joseph Gjbbet Ralph Earl of Roft.

Col. Hon. fl. L. Luttrell, Adjutant General. Lt. Col. David Dundas, Qjfortermaffcr-Gcn.

North America.

17 th regiment of dragoons.

Regiments of foot, 7th, 8th, 9th, idth, *7*h, aoth, a 1 A, and, a3d, a4th, apth, 31 A, 33d, 34th, 37th, 38th, 4»d iff ,43d,

44th, 47th, 53d, 34th, 37th, doth third batt. dad, 63d, d4th, 70th, 71A a batt. 74th, 7dth, 80th, 8td, and 84th two battalions.

Numben of the Provincial corps

General and Staff Officers.

Gen. Sir Henry Clinton, Commander in Chief, Lieutenant-General, Charles Earl Cornwallis.

Major-Generals.

William Tryon James Pattison

Thomas Clarke Hon. A. Lellie

Edward Matthew John Campbell

Attgustine PrevoA

Brigadier-Generals.

Francis M’Lean , William Dalrymple James Patterson Thomas Stirling

George Garth

Major John Andre Adjutant-General. flr. Gen. Dalrymple,

West Indies. Regiments of foot, 4th, 3th, 13th, 17th, 18th, 33th, 40th, 46th, 49th, 33th, doth z/f a dand +tb battalions, 79th, 86th, 87th, ‘88rh, 89th, 90th, 91A, pad, 93d, 94th, and 99th.

Of these, the zA and part of the ad battalion of the doth, the 79th, 88th, and Dairy tuple's loyal Irish treat Jamaica. The ppth, destined for that island, was taken with the WeA-India fleet.

General and Staff . Major-General, Hon. John Vaughan.

Brigadier-Generals.

Gabriel ChriAie Sir Henry Calder Bart.

L. A. Tottenham William Meadows

A. St. Leger Archibald Campbell

Robert Prefcot L. Col. T. Musgrave,

Major William Biown, Adjutant-General.

Gibraltar. Regiments of foot, rath, 39th, jdth, 38th, 7*d, and ad battalion of the 73d. Three Hanoverian battalions.

General

Lt-Gen. Rt. Hon. G. A. Elliot, Governor. Lt-Gen. Robert Boyd, Lieutenant-Governor.

Minorca.

Regiments of foot, 51A, and dr A.

Two Hanoverian battalions.

Lt-Gen. Hon. fames Murray, Governor. Lt-Gen. Sir W. Draper, inCommand.

East Indies.

73d regiment, iff

Africa.

75th regiment of foot.

jDn

A

A Complete Lift of the Navy of Great Britain, with the names of the Captains of each ship, the Fleets on the different stations, and the Ships fitting out, in oidi* nary, and building.

Thofemarked thus , and most of the frigates and , are copper-bottomed.

G R

Ships

Victory

no

Barficur 98

Britannia 100

Prince Geo. 98

Royal Geo. 100

t>uke

Formidable

Queen

Namur

Ocean

Union

Prs. Amelia

Foudroyant

Gibraltar

Aleaaoder

Alfred

Bellona

Canada

Courageux

Defence

Dublin

Edgar

Invincible

Marlboro*

Monarch

Valiant

Indexible

Nonsuch

Buffalo

AND FLEET.

Guns. Commanders,

fAdmiral Francis Geary 1 Cant* /R- Kempcnfelt ^pt \S.W. Clayton V. Adm. Barrington Capt. B. Hill V. Adm. Darby Capt. Ja. Brady R. Adm. Digby Capt. W. Fox R. Adm. Sir J. L. Rots Capt. J. Bourmaster Sir C. Douglas J. Stanton A. Innes H. Sawyer George Ourry J. Dalrymple . ’ .1*

J. M'Cartney J. Jarvis J. C. Allen Lord Longford W. Bayne Richard Onslow Sir George Collier Lord Mulgrave James Cranston

S. Wallis J. Elliot C. Saxton

T. Penny A. Duncan S. C. Goodall

Ray dead. Sir James Wallace R. Cotton Frigates.

3 6Hon. W. Waldegrave Hon. S. H. Conway Sir William Burnaby Holi. T. Cadogin Geo. A, Byron r s - S h 1 PS.

8 T. Geary 8 G. A. Meyrick

3*

3*

3*

a8

La Prudcnte Ambufcadc Diana Licorne Proserpine

Fi

Pluto incendiary

At HOME, nearly ready for sea, already failed.

Ramillies 74

Fortitude

Princeffa

Monarch*

Diligente

Bienfaisant

74

70

70

70

<4

Ships. Guns. Belliqueux 84 T

Panther

Chatham

Jupiter

Leander

Salisbury

Adamant

San Carlos

do

So

50

So

SO

SO

SO

REPAIRING

for sea.

Commanders. Fitzherbert J. Harvy W. Allen Fr. Reynolds T. Shirley C. Inglis Gid. Johnstone Hon. T. Packiogbam

and will soon be fir

Blenheim po Warwick So

Cambridge 86 Winchelsea 3*

Hero 74 Levant aft

Prince of Wales 74 Sole bay 18

Monmouth *4 Conquest aft

St Albans «4 Perseus ao

DU SO

At thf

fbme

Pr. \yilliam £4

J. Moutray, convoy to the Weft-India feet. Sir R. Bickerton Sir T. Rich J. Cell A. Hunt

J. Macbridc, convoy to A, mcrican steel.

S. Dougla*

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

f Adm. Sir G. B. Rodney \Capt. Young J R. Adm. Hyde Parker ' Capt. H. Harmood R. Adm. Rowley Capt. Watfcn, deed Com. Walsingham Capt. R. B. Nicholas Com. W. Hotham Capt. J. Holloway f Com. Fr. S. Drake \Capt.

J. Brisbane J. Symons George Bowyer Hon. K. Stewart J. N. P. Nqtt T. Edwards George Balfour Joseph Peyton R. Fanfhaw Hon. F. Maitland J. Butchart T. Newnham J. Elphinftone J. Houlton M. Robinson Ab. Crefpin W. Dick son J. L. Gidoin Ph. AfHcck C. Cotton-James Ferguson R. Carkct

(I On their way to join, from England.

| Said to be worn out, and incapable

Trident

Sandwich po

Princess Royal po

Conqueror 74

Thunderer || 74

Vengeance 74

RufTel 74

Alcide H 74

Ajax 74

Albion 74

Berwick 74

Centaur 74

Cornwall f 74

Culloden 74

Cumberland || 74

Egmont 74

Elizabeth 74

Fame f 74

Grafton 74

Magnificent 74

Montagu 74

Shrewsbury 74

Suffolk 74

4 Terrible 74

Torbay || 74

Triumph 74

Boyne 70

Intrepid *4

Stilling Caffle *4

Aug. 1780. A Lift of the Royal Navy' of Great Britain.

397

Ships. Guns,

Trident 64 A. J. P. Molloy

Vigilant 64 Sir George Home

Yarn oath <$4 T. Taylor

Medway do W.Affleck

Centurion 50 Richard Braithwaite

Preston so William Trufcofe

F R 1 GATES.

A&eon 44 R. Keeler

La Fortune 44 H. C. Christian

Venus 3<* J. Douglas

Amazon 3X Hon. W. Finch

Brune 3*

Convert 3» L. Robertson

Diamond 3* W. Forfter

La Blanche 3* S. Uppleby

L’Alcmene 3* James Brine

Thetis 3* R.Linzee, Convey

Andromeda a8 H. Brync

Boreas a8 C. Thompson

Cyclops 28 J. Robinson

Laurel 28 T. Lloyd ad

Dealcastle *4 James Hawkins

Greyhound Scarborough *4 20 W.H. K. OHara

Sphynx 20 Fr. J. Hartwell

S L OOPS.

Cameleon *4 Ar. Walters

Droid *4 J. Bourchier

Favorite id J. Manly

Hornet 14 R. Hafwell

Fortune 14 Robinson

Rover 18 J. T. Duckworth

Barbadoes >4

Alert >4 Ja. Vafhon

Savage id J. Graves

Surprifal 18 George Day

Star tx Ingram

San Vincente 10

Boni* Ketches.

jEtna 8 J. Gardiner

Carcais 8 Edwards

Vesuvius 8 Clemenu

F1 re-Shi p s.

Salamander 8 Hon. J. Finch

Blast 8 George Bowen

A R M c d Ships.

Albemarle ao Bosphorus ao

J. Thomas Antigua 14

Nimrod 14 ( Pelican 14

At JAMAICA.

Ruby fV. Adm. Sir P. Parker

leapt. J. Cowling

Hcdor 74 Sir J. Hamilton

Sultan 74 A. Gardner

Lion «4 Hon- W. Cornwallis

Bristol JO T. Caulfield

Phoenix Janus 44 44 Sir Hyde Parker

Ulyffcs 44 T. Dumarefq

Pallas Lowcftoffc 3* 3* T. Davy Spiy Chr. Patks

Ships, Guns, Commanders.

Southampton 3a William Garnier Pomona a 8 C. E Nugent

Resource a8 P. Fotheringham

Pelican 24 T. Haynes

Unicorn ( ao T. L. Frederick

Badger ‘ 14 Cath. Colling wood

Drake 14 William Brown

Hound 14 James M'Namara

Tobago a 8 C. Hotchkys

Port Royal 18 Ar. Hayne Jamaica 14 R. Deans

Armed Ships. Victor 14 H. Chads

Hinchinbrook 14 Hor. Nelson Stork 14 Fr.LeMontais

Porcupine 14

Sea Nymph ao Paul

In NORTH-AMERICA.

Europe

Robust

Raisonable

Defiance

Renown

Rainbow

Roebuck

Romulus

Danae

Blonde

Pearl

Richmond

Thames

Delaware

Iris

Raleigh

Providence

Charlestown

Guadaloupe

Pandora

Virginia

L’Avanture

Camilla

Fowey

Galatea

Hynde

Hydra

Albany

Bonetta

Dispatch

Delight

Falcon

Nautilus

Raven

Scotpion

Otter

Vulture

Avenger

Halifax

Strombolo

Lucifer

Jersey

6 fV. Adm. Arborhnot 4 \Capt. William Swincy 74 Ph. Colby 64 S. Child 64 M. Jacobs 50 George Dawiba 44 J. Kendal 44 R’ Douglas 44 G. Gayton 34 S. Graves 3 a A Barclay 3a George Montagu 3a C. Hudson 3 a Tyr. Howe a8 Chr. Mason a8 James Hawker a8 James Gambier a8 J. Henry 28 Fr. Evans a 8 Hugh Robinson a8 Anthony Parry a8 J.Orde a d

ao J. Collins 1

ao

ao James Reid ao William Young ao Edward Garner 14 H. Mouat 24 R. Dundas 14 J. Botham 14 J. Inglis >6 Richard Lock iff T. Farnham >4

id C. Osborne 14 Richard Creyk 14 A. Sutherland J4 H. Lloyd r8 Edmund Bower 8 Bomb-ketch.

8 J. P. Ardefoif Fire-pip. do D. Laud* HofpUal-pip.

Armed

398

A Lift <?f ibt Royal Navy of Great Britain. VpI.4X

Armed

Ships. Guns.

Pacific ao

Hampden ao

Ulysses ao

Friendftiip aa

Skips.

Ships.

Penguin

Northumberland

Pindar

Swiss (Alpio)

On die coast of

Cans.

ao

a*

»p

*4

Oh a Ships. London

Resolution

Bedford

Royal Oak "* Prudent

America Am phy trite

SECRET SERVICE. Guns. Commanders.

q JR. Adm. Graves { Capt. D. Graves (Com. Sir C. Ogle \Capt. Ld R. Manners Ldmund Affleck Sir Oigby Dent T. Burnet S. Thorapfon R. Biggs

74

74

74

<4

<4

At NEWFOUNDLAND.

Portland So fR. Adm. Edwards \Capt. T. Lloyd si

Oiseau li T. Lloyd

Maidstone a* W. Parker

Mercury a8 If. Prefcott

Proteus a8 C. Chare berlync

Surprise a8 S. Reeves

Vestal a8 George Keppel

Cygnet >8 P. Balkerville

Pairy ad Hon. G. Berkeley

Atalanta x T. Marshall

Superb

Rippon

Asia

Bur ford

Belleifle

Eagle

Exeter

Worcester

Sartine

Coventry

Sea-horle

Nymph

York

74

«o

the EAST INDIES.

{R. Adm. Sir E. Hughes Capt. R. Simonton f R. Adm. Sir E. Vernon \Capt. B. Marlow George Vandcput P. Rainer J. Brooks Amb. Reddal Richard King George Talbot A. M*Coy A. Mitchel

«4

«4

*4

<4

*4

a8

»4

*4

ao

J. A. Panton J. Blanket fi. Biehinoe

Armed ship.

Prothef Hannibal

On the

Endymion Beaver's Prise Zephyr

In the Enterprise Porcupine St Firmin Minorca

Convoy to tie Kaji-India flips.

*4

SO

C. Buckner B. Caldwell

coast of A F R I C A.

44 Ph. Carteret §6 J. A. Drummond »4 J. Inglls

MEDITERRANEAN. a8 P. Leslie Z4 Sir C. H. Knowles ad Jon. Faulkner 14 Hugh Lawson

Ships. Guns.

Romney JO

iEolus 3»

Tartar a8

Brilliant a#

Cormorant

Rattlcihake *4 ,

FRIGATES,

Assurance 44

Charon 44

Flora 40

Minerva 4°

Monsieur 40

Alarm 3*

Apollo 3*

Emerald 3*

Jason 3*

Cerberus 3»

Stag 3*

Orpheus 3*

Dedalus 3»

Fox 3*

Cleopatra 3*

Aurora at

Medea a8

Syren as

Boftoo a8

Carysfbrt a8

Crescent ai

Hussar at

Lizard a8

Milford a8

Pegasus at

Sybili x8

Triton a8

Nemesis at

St Margarite a8

Viper a8

Ariagpe *4

Camel »4

Champion *4

Garland 44

Daphne ao

tfyawa »4

Squirrel ao

Scaford ao

Termagant 44 S L

Alderney *4

Beaver *4

Childers *4

Cabot Id

Coureur ia

Fly Id

Fury 18

Hawke ia

Hasard 8

Lynx *4

Martin >4

Ostrich >4

Endeavour *4

Porpoise >4

PORTUGAL.

Commanders. fCom. G. Johnstone fCspt. R. Hoqie Christopher Atkins A. Grace J. Ford J. W. Payne J. M'Laurin

c. at or near homes Tames Gumming T. Symonds W, P. Williams C. Fielding Hon. Ch. Phipps Sir R. Pierfoa

|. Basely

Marshall James Pigot R. Mann

R. P. Cooper J. Colpoys T. Pringle

Hon. T. Windsor George Murray H. Collins James Montague Edmond Dod William Duddingfiont William Cumming C. Hope C M. Pole Fr. Parry Ph. Patton J. Stanhope T. Palley

S. Lutwidge R. R. Bligh W. Knell

A. Scott|

M. Squire

J. Packingham C. P. Hamilton James Watt Lord Hervey Edward Thompion

T. Piercy

B. Christian Arch. Kemp OOPS.

T. Weft Joseph Peyton Hon. J. Cnetwynd H. Cromwell Ch. Major B. Douglas A* Agnew Richard Murray

J. Breton T. Dwell Sit Jacob Wheat Yu Woolridge

Hm-

Atig. 1780. A Lift of the Royal Nivy of Great Britain. 399

Stops* Gma. Hinchinbrook

Ranger Swan Swallow Wasp Wolf Helena Kite Lively Shark Scourge DuGuayTniiraii Sylph 18

: GmfinaiuUts* J. "Wainwright . J. Reynolds W. Yco -

R. Kckerton James Lys

M. Cole

F. Roberts H. Trollope J. ruglefield Joseph Vuillant C. Portelcuc George Stoney

G. A PuJtney

fire-ships*

8 T. Boftoo

xa

*4

>4

8

8

>4

sx

*4

>4

*4

Volcano

firebrand

Infernal

Baklilk Spitfire Comet

Uupr

b o

Thunder

Terror

G. Robin ton

R. Calder Ar. Philip Ta. Norman w. Long Ph. Wclfli M B-K ETCHES.

8 J. Wallace 8 Charles Wood

A R M E D SHIPS.

Content XX A. Roy

Leith 10 P. Rothe

Three Sifters ao H. Weybom

Three Brothers ao T. Hawker

Merchant ao Sir H. Heron

Queen ao A. Bertie

Satisfaction ao P. Foulkes

Heart of Oak ao W. Redmotfe

Alfred ao D. Collins

Loud on a ao J. Rains

Wolfeley 3*

Macworth ao Ja. Dickenson

Aid ao

William ao G. Gregory

Ranger 3* H. Baikie

Retaliation ao

Greenwich ao W. Daniel S

Lioness a 6 W. Gram

ditto

GUAR

Lennox

A 74

Gooquestadore 6o Dunkirk

6 o

Dromedary no

D - S H I P S.

W. Bennet Corke

JR. Ad. Rod dam A ore |Capt. Orrolc

{R. A. Gambier Capt. Milligen R. Ad. Drake Downs Capt. Denne ROYAL YACHTS in commissioct* Fubbs 8 Hon. T. Percival

Will. & Mary 8 George Young

8 Sir A. Schomberg

Medina 8 J. Moore

YACHTS out of commission. Royal Charlotte 8 Royal AuguIU 8 Aathifioe 8 Mary 8

BHtPS in ORDINARY, or PRISON-

SHIPS.

Ships. Guns. Ships. Guns.

Neptune 90 Windsor 60

Dragon 74 Finn 60

Hercules 74 Antelope S*

Kent 74 Cotchester S®

Mars 74 Ludlow Castle 44

Temeraire 74 Lynn 44

Warfpigbt 74 Pool 4®

Ghichester 7* Flamborough SO

Devonshire 66 Nightingale ao

Essex 64 Revenge, ufei as a

Hampton Court *4 chut cb-.fi/ip at

Modeste «4 Chatham *4

t Anoe 64 Orford,

8c Antonio 64 shipt ditto 68

Achilles do Stn Carlos, ditto Ji

Dreadnought 60 San Raphael

Pembroke 60

SHIPS BUILLINO.

Royal Sovereign xoo Leopard JO

Atlas 90 Assistance (

Glory po Medusa S®

St George po Europe S®

Warrior 74 Dolphin 44

Bombay Castle 74 Diomede 4#

Ganges 74 Argo 44

Carnatic 74 Arcthui*

Irresistible 74 Latona 3*

Goliah 74 Perseverance

Car far 74 Amphion 3*

Bulwark 74 Mermaid

Polyphemus 64 Juno 3P

Diadem 64 Active 3*

Anson 64 Aftrea 3>

Magnanime 64 Ceres 3»

Standard 64 Success 3»

Sampson 64 Iphigenia 3*

Sceptre 64 Quebec 34

Crown 64 Crocodile 64

Africa 64 Eurydice Mi

Dilator 64 Narciilus M

Stately 64 MmttidQn no

Repulse 64 Alegator r®

Agamemnon 64 Zebra *4>

Scipio 64 TifiphonclFirt-J r 8

Ardent 64 Alctfo J [Ships]

In commission, ships of the line. including

fifty gun-ships, x o<S

As guard-fiiips, 4*

Frigates, - nr

Sloops, Firc-£hips, and Bombs, 87

Armed ships - 3.7

Royal Yachts - 4

Total ships in commission 34

Of the Trae, in ordinary, or prison-ships a55 Repairing 8, Building 31, 37

FrlgAtAs in ordinary, Or prison-ships, 7 Repairing 5, Building 19, 34,

Sloops and Fire ships building 4

Royal Yachts not in cowtiffioa 4

Humber

400 Lists of ships. Import and Export trade* < Vol.42?

Number of French and Spanish Ships of the Line, with the Names of those that compose their Combined Fleet.

Spanijhships I

Ships,

Le Santiffimal Trinidad* J La Conception* 90 £1 Tonante 80

Sc Ferdinando 80

St Carlos 80

8t Vincente 80

Santa If*bell* 70

£1 Angel deGuardo7o £l Seriofo 70

£1 Atla» 70

St Pedro Apostolo 70 £1 Oriente 70

French Ships in

Combined Fleet.

Ships. Guns.

St Raphael 70

St Joaquim 70

Sc Damafo 70

St Ifidoro 70

St Eugenio 70

St Lorenzo 70

El Firmo 70

El Galicia 70

St Pafquali 70

El Biiliiante 70

El Septentrione

El Mino

Combined Fleet*

Ships. Guns. Commanders.

Jnvincible ito fbefignedfur C. d’EQaing (Marquis Lacarri

Terrible 110 Ch. Trefiemanncs

Auguste 80 Vile, de Rochechouard

Bt Esprit 80 M. DctbayesdcCrire/»mei

'Languedoc 84 M Bougainville

Glorieux 74 Chr. de Bauflet

Boulogne 74 Marin

HeroT 74 Leroi de la Grange

Zodiaque 74 de la Porte Vczins

Scipion 74 Karon de Durtort

Zeldc 74 de Suflfien

Bfarfeillois 74 d’Albert de Rions

Protcdcur 74 Chr. d’Apchon

Ships. Guns. Commanders.

Guerrier 74 M. de Pavilion

1Aif _ fM.de Choifv

Aeot 74 de u Cafdonndc

NorthumberL 74 M. de Briqucville

Bien Aime 74

Ccfar 74 Count de l'Epinay

Alexander <$4

Hardi 64M. de Brades

Lion €4 M.

Sagittaire 56 M.

French Ships of the Line in Commijpon. Combined Beet as "West Indies aj St Domingo 3

America 6

East Indies 7

Bred and Rochfort 6

Total commission 67 Not in commission or repairing 9 Old East-Ipdiamen fitting out, for 60 guns 4

Fifties 3

Number of New Ships building not per* fedly of cert dined.

de la Clue de Mezieres

Spanish Ships of the Line in Commissunu Combined fleet *4 West Indies is

Total commission 36 Not in commil&on or repairing at Fifties t

New ships building not perfcBl} efcertained.

Total French Total Spanish 3

i°3

Not in commission , or repairing 38

Russia Neutral Fleef.

First Squadron for the Mediterranean. Ships. Guns, Commanders.

« rr.A*.*, - fR. Adm. BorrifTow

jCapt.Chcv. Gibbs English Azai 66 Spiritow

America 66 Cocoffzow

Slava Roflby 66 Bufcarotr

Texerdoi 66Salmanow

Patrique 3a Dennison English

Simeon 3a Goloffkin

Second Squadron, North Seas.

St Panteleimon "Sj^.ke

gt Nicholas 64 Chev. Dugdale Eng.

The preceding lifts of Land and Sea Forces are

Ships. Guns.

St Alexandre Newfki J°4 Hermolandia 64 BlanoPolutchii 64 Maria 3a

Commanders.

Buchan Scotei

Powalifchin

Melrikow

Kurzaneff

Third Squadron, Portugal.

Jezekil 74 fCnm. Chev. Palioio fCapt. Hanikow

Spiridon 66 Odinrow

Pr. Vladimir 66 Knafchnwflcoy

David 66 de Dcftnn French

Darius 66 M'Kenzie

Alexander 3* M'Karnu f¥

taken from the political Magazine for Attguft.

An authentic regiflsr of the Import and Export Trade of Great , copied from

a paper laid before his Majesty.

Imports.

1776 L. 12,386,777 L. 17,346,844

1777 11,400,100 17,542,841

1778 13,216,701 17.814,640

Hence it appears, that the assertions respecting our ruined commerce are ideal.

Account

Aug. 1780. . An account of thciumuks in JLop d?n,&c. 401

Account of the tumults, concluded, [[36a.]

Our last ended with the occurrences of Wednesday, June 7.; in the evening of which day, the military, by order of the king and council, began to alt without watting for an order from the civil magistrate; by which the mob was soon discomfited.

On Thursday, June 8. in the morning,

several hundreds of the iron hoops of the caiks that had been burnt the preceding night, were lying opposite Mr Lang-dale’s upper house. In this house, 90,000 gallons of spirits were destroyed, and in the lower house 30,000.

The following hand-bill was circulated.

" It is eameflly requeued of all peaceable and well-disposed persons, as well Protestants aflbciated as others, that they will abstain from wearing blue cockades: as these ensigns are now assumed by a fct of miscreants, whose purpose.it is to burn this city, and plunder its inhabitants; and who wish, by distributing a-xnong better-difpcfed persons, and prevailing on them to wear those marks and distinctions, to screen themselves from the detestation and punishment due to their enormous crimes. And it t6 further recommended to all tradesmen and ijnalters of families, not to employ pr retain in their service any persons who distinguish themselves by wearing blue cockades."

About eleven o’clock, a great number of people went to the Marshalsea, and begun to pull it down; but before they could set fire to it, a military force arrived, and prevented their efiefting their purpose. It is said that near thirty persons were killed on this occasion.

Between two and three, a fellow with 1 a blue cockade went into a house in Bi-fhopfgate-street, and with a drawn knife in his hand, demanded money, swearing that the house should be pulled down if the reoueft was not granted. He was instantly secured, and brought to the Poultry compter.

A young chimney-sweepcr headed a-boot twenty of the rioters, and going into an eminent house in Newgate-ltrcet, demanded to see the religious books. They were accordingly produced; and, to the aRonishment of the gentleman and his family, this footy hero turned the Bible upndc down, and Teeming to read, (iaid, it was the right re.ligion, — it

Vol. XLII.

jsras Lord Gordon’s religion, by God ! "

In the afternoon, about four o’clock, a party of the mob got through the ruins of the Fleet prison, and attempted to fct fire to some houses adjoining; but a large party of the military arriving, surrounded the prison, and sent in a detach-itfent to drive them out; while the party at the door knocked down and wounded most of them with their bayonets as they ran off.

The gentlemen in the borough armed themselves, and attacked a large party of the insurgents in Tooley street, routed them, wounded several of the ringleaders, and took numbers prisoners.

AH this day numbers of gentlemen, with the military, were employed in pulling the blue cockades from the hats off-very person they met. It was now as unsafe to be fecn with these emblems of rebellion, as it was unsafe during fume of the preceding days to be fecn without them.

Seventy of the rioters were taken among the ruins of Newgate in the afternoon. The fire had broke out again,: whether they had kiudled it anew or not, is uncertain.

The situation of Lord Rockingham’s house in Grosvenor-square carried with it every appearance of its being a feat of war. Every front-room of the house was full of soldiers, prepared for the reception of the rioters; and his Lordship-S (tables were turned into barracks, in which troops of cavalry were continually in readiness for action.

All the barristers of the ft veral Inns of . Court armed themselves for their own defence. The Attorney - General- and . Mr Mansfield were the first promoters of this spirited plan; which has been honoured with his Majesty’s approbation.

The civil officers, aided by the military, all this day patrolled the strect$, and surrounded and searched all the hou-.fes and lanes noted for the resort of dif-.orderly people, in order to apprehend the felons escaped from the several jails. Many were retaken.

In the evening the -following band-bill was circulated.

" NO FRENCH RIOTERS.

This is to give notice, that it now.appears, that the horrible riots which have ijeep committed in this city, have been promoted by French money; and to call upon all honest men to stand forth against rioters, who, pnder the cloak of rety-3 E

401 An account of the tuimulti in London, &c. Vol. 42.

gion, arc wantonly destroyrag our property, ami endeavouring to overset our happy constitution. If the French are fullered, by these means, to prevail, Popery will certainly be introduced; which we have no rcafQn to fcar ft.om a British parliament."

The House of Lords met this day,

and adjourned to Monday June 19.-----

The Earl of Abingdon had prepared a speech,. but the House was adjourned before he came.—The speech is publish-cd, viz.

My Lords,

I do not rife to trespass on your Lordships time. I know the hour is come, When to act, and not to debate, is the business of this House. But, my Lords, I rife most earnestly to intreat and implore your Lordships to stop the effusion of human blood, and to restore quiet to this kingdom, by repealing the act of parliament that has given occasion (o our present anarchy and confusion. Let me conjure you, my Lords, in your wisdom, to do this: I say, in your wisdom; for, my Lords, supposing the act ever so just, suppose it ever so right, have you power to maintain it ? is your force equal to this ? It is not. But if it was, do you think your soldiers would fight for you in such a cause ? If they do not, my Lords, what is to become of our country ? Let me conjure you, my Lords, for justice fake, to repeal this law; I say, for justice fake. It was held out as a law for Scotland; and ope of your secretaries of state took upon himself to answer for the legislature, and to say that it should not extend to Scotland [41.109.3: and if Scotland is to have this indulgence, why is it to be re* fused to the people of England ? My Lords, I could multiply arguments without end, to induce y ur Lordships to a concurrence in opinion with me. But, a9 I said before, this is not a time for debate. There is one argument, however, which I must mention: I fear, my Lords, that there is, at the bottom of all this disturbance, the deep-laid scheme of a dark cabal to dissolve the constitution of this country, and to establish a military government upon its ruins. Let tis, my Lords, defeat the purposes of those devils incarnate, and by giving peace to the people, restore the constitution to itself.

My Lords, I shall therefore move ytour " J-orufiiips, That leave be given for bring-

ing in a bill, for the purpose of repealing the act of the 18th George III. intitled, " An act for relieving his Majesty’s subjects professing the Popish religion, from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act made in the nth and 11th years of the reign of King William III. intitled, An ati further prf

venting the growth of Popery ;* and that the fame be" brought in immediately." The Speaker of the House of Commons, attended by a sufficient number of members to authorise his taking the chair, went down to Westminster so ear* ly as twelve o’clock, and opened the House. — The Lord Advocate rose immediately: and after expatiating on the impropriety of proceeding to business in the present distracted state of affairs, he moved. That the House do adjourn to Monday the 19th instant. Which was agreed to nem. con.

The arrangement that had been made of the military this day produced so good an efleft, that there was no riot or disturbance in the course of the night.

On Friday, June 9. peace and tranquillity were so far restored, that men had leisure to reflect on the horrors to which they had been exposed, with temper and coolness; and returned to bu-finess, which had been suspended for

some time.----- In order to dissipate the

idea that the rioters were to be tried by martial law, the following band-bill was circulated in every quarter of the town.

Whereas some ill designing and malicious persons have published, for the purpose of disquieting the minds of his Majesty’s faithful subjects, that it is intended to try the prisoners now in co-ftoJy by martial law; notice is given, by authority, that no such purpose or intention has ever been in the contemplation of government; but that the said prisoners will be tried by the due course of law, as e*peditiouily as may be."

At eleven o’clock a council was held at Lord Stormont’s office. It broke up at one o’clock; when the Lords in administration went to St James’s, where the King had a levee. His Majesty retired to the closet soon after two; where a cabinet-council was convened, to take into their serious consideration the most effectual means of securing the promoters of the late alarming commotions. In consequence of the above council, a warrant was issued by the Secretaries of State, directed to Mann and Staley,

- m

Aug. t?8o. ' An account of the tumult* in London/ &c* 403.

two of his Majesty’s messengers in ordinary, for apprehending Lord George Gordon. The messengers instantly repaired to his house in Wei beck-street, and were introduced to his Lordship; whom they made acquainted with the nature of their visit. Lord George replied, — If you are fore it is me you ! want, [ am ready to attend you." Upon which, a hackney-coach being previous-) ly got ready, and a party of the light boric having received orders to attend in an adjacent street, his Lordship was conducted safely by them, about fix o* clock, to the Horse-guards. The inhabitants of Welbeck-street collected a-bont the carriage, and inveighed against I him bitterly, as the author of all the present calamities; to avoid which reproaches, he defin'd the blinds to be drawn up; which requestthe messengers complied with. A long examination took place in the war-office before the Lord President, Lord North, Lord Am* htrft, the Secretaries of State, and fove-ral other Lords of the Privy Council; and at half an hour after nine. Lord George was committed a close prisoner to the Tower. The guards that attended him were by far the greatest in number ever remembered to guard a state-prisoner: A Urge party of infantry preceded in front; his Lordship following >0 a coach, in which were two officers; two lbIdiers rode behind the coach; and immediately followed Gen. Carpenter's regiment of dragoons; after which came a colonel’s guard of the foot-guards; be fide s a party of the militia, which inarched on each side of the coach. The cavalcade passed over /estminster bridge, through St George’s fields, the borough, and so on to the Tower; where his Lord-fldp alighted, feeniingly in good spirits, about ten o’clock. His Lordship re/ted the first night in the Governor s apartments. The populace who attended on this occasion conducted themselves with

singular decorum.-The commitment,

and the order to the gaoler and two wardens, follow, viz.

The comm.

4* These are, in his Majesty’s name, to authorise and require you, to receive into your culiody, the body of the Rt Hon. George Gordon, Esq; commonly called Lord George Gordon, herewith font you for high freason; and you are to keep him safe and close, until he shall be delivered by due course of law. And for so doing this shall be your warrant.

Given at Whitehall, the 9th of June 1780.

Stormont. ’ Hillsborough. To the Lieutenant of the Tower

of London, or his Deputy."

The orders to the Gaoler And Wardens*

1. The wardens appointed to keep a close prisoner, shall not presume to leave him a moment alone, either night or day; or to charge their duty wiih other wardens, but by order of the constable, lieutenant, deputy-lieutenant, or major of the Tower.

a. There miift be no pen, ink, or pa^ per, brought in to the prisoner, nor he suffered to use any, or receive any paper, or books of any kind, until they are examined by some one of the officers above mentioned.

3. They are to permit no person to have admittance into the room he is confined in, or to speak to him; nor any cloaths, linen or woollen, or any other thing whatsoever, to be carried out or brought in to the prisoner, until they are examined by the wardens before the gentleman-gaoler; who are carefully to see that no arms, money, or writing whatsoever, be concealed in them. If any such are found, a report to be immediately made of it, as also of any other thing that may happen extraordinary, to such of the Tower officers as shall at that time command within the Tower.

4. The wardens mud not suffer the prisoner to walk in any other apartment of the honfe, or to come out of his room; and if any other person or persons shall attempt to speak to the prisoner, eitherH at the window or any other way, the wardens shall immediately call the guard to apprehend them, until further orders from the officer commanding in the Tower.

5. If the gentleman-gaoler shall neglect to see the prisoner, eitiier when he locks up at night, or when he unlocks in the morning, the wardens shall be obliged to make a report of such neglect, to such of the Tower officers as shall then command in the Tower.

б. The wardens, therefore, with the gentleman-gaoler, are every night and morning to examine all parts of thr pri-

3 E %foner’s

4*4 An‘decount of the tumult* in London* See. Vol. 41.

foacr's room, to see that no alterations

are made at the windows. Or door, or locks, or bolts withinfide, or bars for*' ced, or walls broken dovtn, or any thing clfc attempted, that might favour an escape, or look like a correspondence abroad; of all which they shall immediately give notice to the officer commanding in the Tower.

Tpwer,. June 9. 1780."

The circumstance that first induced administration to take Lord George into custody is said to have been this. In the beat of his too successful enthufufm, he wrote a letter, which he sent for insertion to the conduiflor of a morning-pur blication, addressed to his religious associates, wherein he recommended to them to nouriffi the noble spirit that had fb laudably taken pofllffion of them; and told them, that he did not in the smallest degree doubt, that an unlimited compliance with all their requisitions would be the undoubted consequence of their perseverance. He at the same time indeed annexed a kind of exhortation for the preservation of peace and good order; but as this concluding fug-geflion was too repugnant to the general tenor of the epistle, and also far too faintly urged to produce an adequate effect, the printer deemed it the belt step he could take for the welfare and quiet of his country, to fend this letter to government; which he accordingly did, in a note addressed to Lord Hiliiborough. HU Lordship, on the receipt of the letter, caused a council to be convened; before whom he produced it. The unanimous opinion they held upon it was, that it was of a very inflammatory tendency, and that the author was undoubtedly amenable to the laws as the promoter of a traitorous sedition. As a farther l'anltion, however, for the measures they intended to adopt towards him, an order was immediately issued to the polt-office, enjoining ail letters franked G. Gordon, to whatever quarter they might be addressed, to be from that time detained, and transmitted to the office of one of the secretaries of slate. In consequence of this mandate,' several letters, written by the deluded young nobleman, were flopped, and afterwards laid before the cabinet. Most of these were directed to Scotland, and were replete with observations equally subversive of order, religion, and liberty. He gave a faithful narrative of the transactions which had taken place in the metropolis; and in (lead of accompanying the relation with those erprefliona of horror and dif* approbation which must have actuated every good and well-disposed citizen, be seemed rather to exult in the event, as nothing pervaded these epistles but rap* turous encomiums on the " glorious cause," and extravagant panegyrics on the noble spirit displayed by his butkrtu in the defence of it. —Besides letters addressed to or franked by Lord George Gordon, a great number of intercepted Tetters, that had been flopped at the poll-office and other places, belonging to foreign agents, were carrited to the offices of the secretaries of slate for examination.

A third royal proclamation was this, day issued, viz.

" George R.

Whereas a great oumber of disorderly persons hive for several days past aflfcm^ bled themselves together, in a riotous and tumultuous maimer, and have been guilty of many acts of treason, rebellion, and felony, having formed designs to break open and destroy the gaols and prisons, and to set loose the prisoners confined therein, and having actually broke into and set on fire the gaol of Newgate, the king’s-bench prison, and the prison of the Fleet, and released the prisoners, and made attempts, on other gaols and prisons in and about this metropolis; and having set fire to and pulled down the dwelling houses of divers of our peaceable subjects. and also set 6re to, burnt and destroyed the materials thereof, and the furniture and other effects found therein; and also taken money from divers of our subjects: Wc therefore, taking the fame into our most serious cunfideraiion, have thought fit, by and with the advice of our privy council, to publish and declare our rc-solution, That the authors, abettors, and pcipetrators of the said offences be prosecuted as expeditiously as may be, according to the due course of law; and we do hereby enjoin and require all ju-slices of the peace, flieriifs, mayors, bailiffs, constables, and all other our loving subject6, to be aiding and affifiing to the utmost of their power, in detecting, apprehending, and bringing to justice the said offenders. And we are graciously pleased to promise, that if any person shall discover any other person or persons who are guilty of any of the said

offences.

Aug-iySo. An account of the tumults hr London, &c.

offences, f® as that the person or persons discovered may be prosecuted for the lame, such discoverer shall have and receive, as a reward, upon conviction of inch offender or offenders, the sum of Jifiy pounds, and also our gracious pardon for the said offence, in case the person making such discovery shall himself be liable to be prosecuted for the fame: and the commissioners for executing the office of Treasurer of our Exchequer are hereby required to make payment accordingly of the fekl rewards." Dated June 9.

This day the (hops in the city were opened as usual; business in the courts in Westminster hall, which had been fofpended, was resumed; many stories were propagated which time has since discovered to be gronndless; and the phrenzy that had possefl'ed the people, terminated by (lengthening the hands of government.

In the London papers of June 17. there is a copy of the return made to Lord Amherst, of the number killed and wounded in the late disturbances, viz. Killed by the association and guards 109, and by the light horse 101, is zio, and died in hospitals 75, in all 285; and prisoners then under cure 173. Total killed and wounded 458.

To the preceding narrative we shall add remarks fclefted from the papers by the compiler of the Gentleman’s Magazine, viz.

x. A set of well-meaning men, who could not have been aware of the consequences, met for the defence of the established religion, and called themselves the Protrjlant Affectation.

2. In consequence of this association, Lord George Gordon called a public meeting to present a petition to parliament, profcfl'edly with a good intention.

3. As no proper police exists in this country, the advertisement issued for such purpose had a direct tendency to collect thieves, pickpockets, housebreak-ers, &c.

4. Such an assembly (not the affocia-tors themselves) being unwilling, in the first instance, to inanifeft their real intentions, attacked such places as rather led the public off their guard; but the moment they found themselves formidable, depredations were committed upon the private property of individuals, magistrates, See. while the bank ilfclf was not forgotten.

5, If any regular plan for burning city, or ruining the nation, had bec« previously concerted, common sense would have dictated, that an attempt upon the bank should have been the first ouvert aft, before the burning of Newgate, when violence raged in its fury, and when it met with no oppositiott. That there was no previous plan, is <ib-viotis to common sense; Invause it is not so much as pretended that there ever was any private meetings held by the association; nor is there the lead shadow of reason, from any thing that has appeared upon the triaL of the rioters, to* suppose that there ever was. Their meetings were as public as the meeting#’ at Ranelagh, or any other place of entertainment, and the object they had Hr view as publicly recommended as the interest of religion is at church. Did this look like a plot to rob the bank and burn the city ? Surely he muff be a credulous man indeed to believe in a plot,] where, to make it so, they could o«l^ find one conspirator

6. If there had been any ringleader* of note, even behind the curtain, the trial* of those who have been condemned as most active in the riot would certainly* have led to a discovery; but we find,' that a blind and ignorant fury, inflamed by drunkenness, and seconded by the in-" terested views of thieves and housebreak-1 e»s, has, in fast, been the cause of the whole commotion."

Quiet was now restored in London' and its environs; but a disturbance of the like kind broke out at Bath; which, however, ^as happily soon quashed.* In the evening of Friday, June 0. a foot-’ man and some boys began the mischief,' by breaking the windows of a fioufc’ where the Roman-Catholic priest resided;4 adjoining to a new Romish chapel lately built. At night they were joined by great numbers, most of them strangers; who broke open the chapei-doors, and began to throw the materials out at the’ windows. The magistrates and peace-’ officers assembled a3 soon as possible;' but ere they could exert themselves, the' mob had increased to a great multitude. The riot-aft was read, and some persons were seized, but instantly refeued. The magistrates and many respectable citizen* endeavoured to prevail on the mob to disperse, but without effect. Major Molcsworth, with a few of the city*volunteers hastily collecded, gbt into the

chapel.

Jto6 An account of the tumults in London, &c.VoL 4

chapel, and put out the fire several times; which the mob repeatedly kindled. About twenty more of the volunteers were soon after got together; and Capt. Du-perre, at the request of the mayor, headed them, and led them into the chapel, their pieces not loaded. The instant they entered the chapel, the mob rushed in upon them on all fidcs, and a pistol was fired at Capt. Duperrc; which fortunately milled him, and as fortunately killed an old rioter, who had been once before wounded at an insurrection at Trowbridge. But this so inccnfed the mob, who supposed the man to be (hot by one of the volunteers, that they immediately set fire to the chapel: and the volunteers, finding it impossible to refill so large a body, made a How and good retreat. The chapel, and six or seven hou-fes that surrounded it, were entirely burnt by four in the morning. The mob were then prevailed on to difptrfe, without carrying into execution the remainder of their diabolical plan; for they had declared their resolution to burn the old cha-pa. and the houses of several Roman-Catholics residing at Bath. Exprt fl'c* had been* sent to Wells, Devizes, &c. for troops; and Maj. Matlock, of the Queen’s dragoons, arrived, with about 40 horse, before five next morning; Capt. Taylor, with 60 more of the fame regiment, before seven, from Devizes; and Capt. Barnaby, with about 240 of the Hereford militia, by nine o’clock, from Weils. Quiet was immediately restored. The gutting and firing of the chapel was executed with amazing haste and regularity; and not a single person was insulted, except those who attempted to seize the rioters. It was the general opinion, that the leaders in the riot were per tons sent from London.

At London the magistrates, Sec. were now busied in discovering and apprehending the persons guilty of the late atrocious riots. Parties of the military, accompanied by Sir John Fielding's men, and directed by them, began, on Thursday, the 8th, to search the old haunts of those incorrigible criminals who but a day or two before had been rcleaftd from confinement; and there found numbers of them, ready to pursue their former courses, or to return to the dungeons from whence they had been delivered. It is inciedible with what facility a I most the whole body of these delinquents were in a few days apprehended,

and again restored to their former or other gaols.

On Saturday, June 10. about five o’ clock in the morning, Mr Fisher, the secretary to the Protestant Association, was apprehended, at his house, and carried to the Tower. In the evening he was examined before the privy council; and nothing appearing against him, the committee, or the association, he was honourably difmilfed. — Mr Hopkins, one of the managers of the association, was likewise taken up, examined, and di (miffed.

This evening a deputation of the committee of the association waited on Lord North, offering, if they had done any thing contrary to law, to (land a trial. His Lordship received them politely, and told them, that no charge whatever was deligned to be brought against the secretary, the committee, or the association.— They shewed his Lordship a copy of a letter deligned to be printed, which his Lordship-approved of — Of this letter ra iny thousands were distributed. It was dated next day, which was Sunday; and we insert a copy of it, viz.

" Sir, London, Jwit n. 1780.

As citizens, as peaceable members of civil society, and as loyal subjects, wc think it our bounden duty to acquaint you, and to beg that you will to the utmost of your power acquaint every one, that the petitions of his Majesty’s Protestant subjects would have been conli-dered before now, but for the unhappy distraclions occasioned by an unruly and tumultuous mob, who, under pretence of opposing Popery, have been guilty of many most heinous offences. The Protestant Association has no connection, dirc&Iy nor indirectly, with these lawless riotcis.

The military power which has been called in, was not to refill the Protestants of London, Sec. but to quell the riots, and prevent a continuance of that hnvock and devaluation which these unhappy cities have experienced for many days past.

We have the happiness to acquaint you, that the dreadful confufioti is, by the vigilance of government, in a great measure lublided; and we most eaincft-ly wiih and pray peace may be completely restored.

By order of the Committee,

J. Fi s h f. r , Secretary. Goulftcn-squart, Whitechapel/’

Tiie

Aug. 1780. Afi account of the tumults in London, ere. 407

The Lord Mayor laid before a court of Aldermen held on Saturday June 10. the following letter.

" After our hearty commendations to your Lordship,—

Whereas great numbers of disorderly persons, armed with guns, pistols, and other offensive weapons, have a fife m bled themselves for Tome nights past, and have committed divers the moll daring and violent outrages, to the great terror of all his Majesty’s subjects: And whereas there is reason to apprehend, that many of them still lie concealed within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and within the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, with intent to assemble them-Llvcs again, in order to proceed to the commission of the like acts of violence: And whereas we think it necessary that the sheriffs of the city of London, and all other the civil rr.agistrates and peace-officers within the said city, should be called upon at this time to exert their ntmost diligence in the discharge of their respective duties, not only to suppress, but to prevent all riotous meetings and tumultuous assemblies: We do therefore, in his Majesty’s name, and by his express command, hereby pray and require your Lordship, to call upon the said sheriffs of London, and all other the civil magistrates and peace officers of the city of London, and to signify to them his Majesty’s pleasure, that, taking with them such assistance as they shall judge necessary, they do cause the most strict and diligent search to be made for all i-die and disorderly persons lurking within the city of London; and them having found, they are forthwith to apprehend and secure, that they may be dealt with according to law: and the sheriffs of the city of London, and all other the civil magistrates and peace-officers of the said city, arc in like manner required to make the most diligent search, in all public houses, and ether places withiq the city of London, where they may have reason to suspect that any guns, pistols, or other offensive weapons may be concealed, and to seize and secure the fame. And so not doubting of your ready compliance herewith, we bid your Lordship farewell. —From the Council-Chamber at Whitehall, the 9th day of June 1780. [Signed] Bathumt, P. Geo. Germain. Onslow. North. Edge-combi. C. Spencer. Townshend.

To our loving friend the Lord $Jayor of the city of I*ciidon,"

On this the court came to the follow*

ing resolutions.

" Resolved, That the several Aldermen of this city do immediately repair to their respective wards; and, calling together the peace-officers of each ward, with such other assistance as they may* find necessary, immediately issue warrants for searching for and securing all idle and disorderly persons, who shall be found lurking in their respective wards; and also for searching for and seizing all arms which shall be found in suspected places, or in the possession of such idle and disorderly persons; and to cause diligent search to be forthwith made accordingly.

Relblved, That all persons keeping public houses within this city and the liberties thereof, do shut up their houses at ten o’clock in the evening, and not fell any beer or other liquors after that time, till five o’clock in the ensuing morning."

At the desire of the court, Mr Recorder drew up an answer to the letter of the privy council, including the two resolutions just now recited, which was fig tied by the Lord Mayor, and sent the fame evening to the Earl Bathurst, Pre-

fident.--- Next court day, June 13. the Lord Mayor laid before the court a letter from the Earl Bathurst, dated June which he had received on Sunday afternoon; acknowledging, in the name of the Board, that zeal and attention which his Lordship and the court of Aldermen had shewn in the matter recommended to them by the privy council."

His Lordship laid before the court on the 10th a letter from the Lord Viscount Stormont, and the Earl of Hillsborough, secretaries of state, in answer to a letter sent from his Lordship and the two she-riffij, reflecting the state of the Poultry and Woodstreet compters, and requesting penniffion to lodge what prisoners might be taken who had been concerned in the late riots, in the Tower of London; and another letter, which he had received in the afternoon of the preceding day, desiring him to attend the privy council at seven o’clock that evening.

The letter from the secretaries o? state, was dated, St James’s, Friday, half after four, June 9. 1780. — " There are (say they) many reasons which would make it highly improper that any of the

Q»jedU

8 . An account of the tmnufcs io Londoo, See. 42.

.©bjc#s of imprisonment who hereafter stal) be committed to you, Should be lent to the Tower, The best way to fopply the inefficiency of the gaol of Newgate in its present state, appears to qs obe, that you Should chuse any of the city-halls or other public buildings, which you think the fitted for the purpose; and upon your acquainting us with the places fofixed upon as temporary prisons, a Sufficient force will be sent to guard them."

The Lord Mayor attended the privy council in obedience to the summons, was examined, and dismissed. — The papers say, that his Lordship was blamed lor not being sufficiently active in suppressing the tumults, and for discharging several of the rioters wheo in the culio-dy of the military.

On Friday, June y. the following plan was sent by the Lord Mayor to the Aldermen and Deputies of the several wards, recommended to the general greeting of the house keepers. * The Alderman or Deputy of each ward, and the several housekeepers and gentlemen being met, that they throw themselves into four divisions by ballot; each division, with their arms, to take watch by fetation. That the housektepers and gentlemen not on guard, have their arms ready prepared, to proceed on beat of drum to the head quarters of the ward. Patroles to be sent about the ward, in order to keep a watch over alehouses and difoiderly places; also to prevent a-®y number of people collecting together; to suffer no sign9 of countenancing the rioters to prevail, as wearing badges, 'feu/.zaing, and illuminating; to commit those who cannot give a good account of themselves, and take from them their weapons, Sic.; to have intelligence established with the neighbouring wards, and with the Mansion-house; and to have the feme with the military, if judged uecessary; and a watch-word for the night settled among the commanders of the whole. To recommend to house-keepers, parents, and matters, to keep their servants, children, and workmen at home, towards and during night, to prevent their being mixed with or countenancing the guilty by their numbers. To report every morning the proceedings of each ward to the Lord Mayor at the Mansion-house, that just information may be had, on which to found measures for the whole."

Several letters passed on this subject, which were afterwards called for by, and laid before the House of Commons; —and which we insert, omitting only the addrefies, compliments, viz.

Lord Amherfl to Lt-Ctl. Twifleton, -

hall, Junt 12.

" 1 have received the favour of your letter of this date, with the several papers inclosed. If in the printed paper, with the Lord Mayor’s name annexed, firelocks are meant by the words, -with their arms, in the first article of the paper, I wholly disapprovc of that intention. No person can bear arms in this country but under officers having the King’s commissions.

The inhabitants of the borough of Southwark, those of the parish of Co-vent-Garden, and of some other parish-cs, have formed themselves into very ufefcl, and at the same time unexceptionable affectations; and if Something of the fame kind was adopted in the city, there is no doubt but much use and great fectirity would arise therefrom; but the using of fire-arms is improper, uunecefiary, and cannot be approved."

Ditto to ditto, Whitehall, 13. a co-

py rf which was on the fame day officially sent to the fever at Aldermen ef London.

" 1 received the favour of your letter of this date, on the subject of the inhabitants of the city being permitted to carry arms; and 1 cannot say more on the general subjetfk than I mentioned in my letter to you of yesterday’s date, which was a clear disapprobation of that part of the Lord Mayor’s plan which regards the arms;

If, therefore, any arms are found in the bands of persons, except they are of the city-militia, or are persons authori-fed by the King to be armed, you will pi case to order the arms to be delivered up to you, to be safely kept until further orders.v

At the desire of the court of Aldermen, signified by the Lord Mayor, If-Col. Twiflcton waited on the court, June 14. with the original orders to him from Adj.-Gen. Amhcrft, dated June 7. [360.], and explained theforegorag letters ot Lord Amherst.

By direction of the court, a letter fer the Earl Bathurst was prepared, signed by the Lord Mayor, and sent to h Lordship,

wit

Aug. 1780. Aik aceouht of the tumult* in London^ See* 409

with the above two letters and orders to Lt-Col. Twifleton ioclefed, dated, Guild-hall, June 14. viz.

41 1 am dirr&ed by the court of Aldermen to inform your Lordship, that, in obedience to your Lordship's orders, they have made diligent search in the several wards after those disorderly persons who have been concerned in the late dangerous riots, and have taken to their assistance the housekeepers in each district, who have armed themselves, under the direction of the court, for the pur-fe of supporting the civil magistrate; t having communicated' to the court the inclosed letter from Lord Amhcrft to Col. Twiflcton, who favoured me with copies of them, the court are deft-rous that some explanation may be given to those letters, as they now militate a-

fainst the orders first received from your ordships. They also beg leave to be informed by your Lordship, whether the order sent to Col. Twiflcton by the Adjutant-General, directing the military to all without waiting for the directions of the civil magistrate, is to coutinue in force.'*

Eorl Bathurst to tht Lord , #-Aail, CounciLchambtt, June 15.

" 1 have been honoured with your Lordship’s letter of yesterday's date, and have laid the fame before the Lords of the Privy Council; and am to inform your Lordship, that we apprehend Lord Amherst's letter to your Lordship of the 13th inst. has not been properly understood: for when he speaks of the arms in the hands of the city-militia, or other persons authorised by the King to be armed, he certainly includes the arms in the hands of the citizens and house-keepers, who, by virtue of an order of the court of lieutenancy, are required to keep them in their houses; and Col. Twifleton has put the proper construe-tion on those letters, by only taking arms from suspicious persons, or those who could not give a good account of themselvea.—While the military, necessarily for the preservation of the public peace, remain in the city, it will, no doubt, be proper that the order of the Adjutant General, for their acting without waiting for the direction of the civil magistrate, should continue in force. The attention paid by the inhabitants in preferring the peace of the several wards V01.XUL

is extremely commendable; yet the great-eft care should be taken, that any armed housekepers, do not expose themselves to the military, who, in a tumult, might not be able to distmguish them from the rioters.*

The Lord Mayor to tht Earl,

Guildhall, June IT,

u I am to acknowledge the honour of your Lordship’s letter of the 15th; which 1 communicated to the court of Aldermen yesterday; by whom I am directed to represent to your Lordship, that if you will be pleased to refer to mv letter of the 14th, your Lordship will find the letters of Lord Amherst’s there mentioned (copies of which were Inclosed) were not addressed to me, but to Col. Twifleton; the second of which seems to Import, an order to him to disarm all persons in whose hands arms should be fonnd, except the city-militia, and persons authorised by the King to be armed; which order, it is apprehended, would, if literally executed, difarnr those assistants, without whom it would have been impossible to have executed, and will now be impossible to proceed in the execution of the order of council of the 9th instant; the assistance which the Aldermen of this city judged necessary to take with them in the execution of that order in addition to the peace-officers, being bodies of the inhabitants of their respective wards, who have armed themselves under the direction of the Court of Aldermen (not the court of lieutenancy) for the purpose of supporting the civil magistrate.

The court were the more inclined to fear, that the order in question would be so interpreted, as Lord Amherst had, in his letter to Col. Twifleton of the 1 ath instant, expressed it to be his opinion, that no man can bear arms in this country but under officers having the King's commission. This was what was meant by saying, that those letters militate n-gainst the orders first received from youp Lordship; and the court desire to fub-mit to your Lordship's consideratifcn, whether some further explanation may not be necdlary, to prevent a confirmation, which would leave the civil magistrate without power to act al all, for want of necessary support; efpcci.iHy if it be thought proper that the Adjutant-General's order for the military to IF aa

410 An account of the tumults in London, VoL 42.

aft without waiting for the direction of the civil magistrater(hould continue longer in force.

I am -further directed by the court to represent to your Lordship, that in forming their opinion upon this subject, and requeuing a further explanation of Lord Amherst’s letter*, they have not forgotten the undoubted right of all his Majesty’s Protestant subjects, as declared by the ift of William and Mary, stat. 2. chap. a. to have arms for their defence suitable to their condition, and as allowed by law.’*

Earl Bathurjlto the Lord Mayor, Whitt hall.

Council-chamber, Ju20.

" 1 have been honoured with your Lordship’s letter of the 17th instant, defiling a further explanation of the letters sent by Lord Amherst to Col. Twilleton, &c. and have taken the first opportunity of laying your Lordship’s said letter before the council; and 1 am to say, that it is the opinion of their Lordships, that the matter has been fully explained in my letter to your Lordship of the 15th. — But in regard to what your Lordship intimates, of the impracticability of proceeding in the execution of what was required by the letter from the Privy Council of the 9th instant, without the affifti fence of the inhabitants of the several wards, who have armed themfclvesj the Council is of opinion, that at a time like this, of real danger, from riots, tumults, and rebellious insurrections, a reasonable number of inhabitants, armed ao-cordir.g to the nature and circumstance of tfte rate, may attend the peace-officer* as assistants to them, for the preservation of the public peace, until the dan-grr be over. But although his Majesty’s Proteu ’i t fuhjctfs may have arms for their dt fence suitable to their conditions, and as allowed by law; yet they cannot by law assemble in bodies armed, and be muttered and arrayed, without the authority of his Majesty."

The Lord Mayor to the Earl Bathurst,

Guildhall, June 24.

" 1 have the honour of your Lordship’s letter of the aoth,— which 1 have communicated to the court of Aldermen; by whose directions 1 am to represent to your Lordship, that they foresee difficulties likely to arise in the execution of their duty if the military are to act independently of them j and therefore*

as well as to quiet the apprehensions naturally srifing from a large military force continuing in the capital, and not under the usual controul of the civil magistrate, they submit to your Lordship’s consideration, whether the order of the Adjutant-General for them to act without waiting for the directions of the civil magistrate should still continue, or whether it would not be more expedient in the present state of things to recal that order, and subject them as usual to the civil magistrate."

Thomas Wooldridge, Esq; Alderman of

Bridge-ward, to Lord

" I have received intelligence, that the rioters mean to assemble on London bridge this evening, for the purpose of destroying the water-works. I have to request your Lordship’s assistance with a military force for defending that important pass."

Ditto to

The mob are now assembled in Tooley street, and I believe mean to pass London bridge, destroy the waterworks there, and proceed to the New River, in order to cut off the water, and thus bring pcftilence into the city: a small military force may now prevent this dreadful calamity. 1 beg your Lordship’s answer."

Ditto to ditto, Bridge-ward,4 , Friday. ‘

" Two very suspicious persons have been apprehended in my ward, having in their possession a number of handbills; one of which I have the honour to inclose to your Lordship: they are for meetings for several evenings to come.

I have lodged the persons in the Poultry compter, until they can be properly examined; and hope to get such information as may lead to the discovery of the ringleaders."

Copy of the hand-bill.

" Sir,

The favour of your company is desired at Mr Gooby’s, the Guy Earl of Warwick, in Belton street, St Giles’s, on Monday the 12th day of June, at ftven o’clock in the evening.

And you will oblige your humble fer-

vant* \Vm. Muhs, present.

Mr

Aug. 1780. An account of the

My chosen friends I do invite,

Theirchearful voices to unite;

When bright Phoebus is gone down,

The bowl with mirth the night shall crown."

Lord Amherst to Aid. Wooldridge, White-

hall, June 9.

" It will be proper to examine in the strictest manner the two persons you mention. Something ufefiil may pofii-bly be discovered from them."

A committee ef Bridge Ward Within to Lord Amherst, June 15.

We are directed, by the unanimous refolotion of a very numerous and respectable wardmote, held at Fishmong-if hall this day, before Thomas Wooldridge, Esq; Alderman, to apply to your Lordship for the King’s leave to aflbciate ourselves, pursuant to the annexed plan, for the preservation of ourselves and neighbours, against a renewal of the mifchiets so recently experienced from a lawless and licentious banditti.

As the strongest sentiments of loyalty and affcdion to his Majesty and the constitution are our governing principles, wc rely on your Lordship’s kind recommendation of this measure."

The Plan referred to

" A battalion company of fifty of the opulent part of the inhabitants, armed, eloathed, and taught the manual and platoon exercise, at their own expence, and not to do duty out of Bridge ward.*’

Lord Amherst to Ald.Wooldt,

June 16.

« Having laid before the King the letter of yesterday’s date, signed by several gentlemen of the ward of Bridge within, that you put into my hands this morning* — I am to acquaint you, that it is not thought expedient that any persons should be permitted to use arms, otherwise than for the immediate defence of their houses, or being under the command of persons receiving commissions from the King."

Aid. Wooldridge to Lord , Bridge

vtard, June 17.

— I am directed to request of your Lordship the honour of an answer to the following question: Will his Majesty be graciously pleased to confirm the appointment of the officers, to be imrac-

tumults in London, c. 411

diately named by the gentlemen affocia-ted for the preservation of Bridge ward, (being members of that associations), and also, that the said officers shall be subject to the regulations of their (landing committee I*9

Lord Amherst to Aid. , June 17.

« ----- The quession you propose to

me is of such a nature, that it does not appertain to me to give an answer there-to."

Lord Amherst to Col. Ttvi[leton, (the Utter alluded to in the Lord Major’s letter dated June 14. £409.]J,

June 14.

* -----1 cannot say more regarding

the proposal for putting arms into the hands of the inhabitants of the city, than is contained in my letters to you of Monday’s and yederday’s date; and I fully approve of your conduct upon the whole of this business.

There can be no doubt, that the Aldermen, in propoling to arm their wards, mean by way of general defence; but supposing that the assembling the inhabitants under arms was legal, the inconveniencies which vou have dated to the mayor, &c. as lixely to arise from the motley appearance of the armed 'inhabitants in case of the rioters assembling again, should, I think, be sufficient to induce the magistrates of the city to drop the intention.

I have laid before the King’s confidential servants all your letters upon this subject, together with copies of my answers to them; and I am very glad to inform you, that your conduct has received their full approbation, as well a9 that of," &c.

The Lord Mayor laid before the court of Aldermen, June 16. a letter signed, Barnard Turner, Commanding Officer of the London Military Foot Affiociation; in which that corps return their thanks to the common council of London, who did them the honour of accepting their Cervices on Wednesday, June 7. [358.]; and Mr Turner propoic6, with the approbation of the magistrates, after the evening of June 16. only to mount guard, without parade, or marching in a body, with fifty gentlemen; who meant to continue their attendance from seven in the evening to four in the morning, until they Qiould receive the directions of 9 F 1 the

412 onthttUDwltf. Veil. 42.

the court to the contrary, and the esufe of their first offers of Cervices should be fully and satisfactorily done away. —-The court thanked the corps, " for the very eminent Cervices they have done is assisting to preserve the peace of this city in the late riotous meetings and tumultuous aflfemblie8;" and the court requclted the continuance of their services.

Mr Alderman Kirkman, who had acted at the head of the light-horse volunteers of London, informed the court 00 the fame day, " That the fame zeal for the public which had brought forth the services of those gentlemen, he ventured to say would induce a continuance as long as the magistracy required them." —The court thanked them likewise, and requested the continuance of their services.

Among the active magistrate9 for quelling the tumults were the Aldermen Wilkes and Pugh, and Sir Watkin Lewes, in the city, and Mess. Wright and Addington, justices of the peace in Westminster.

A fourth royal proclamation was issued, dated June 11. viz.

'*George R.

Whereas information has been received, that the late riots and tumults in and about this metropolis were encouraged and abetted by money, or other rewards, given, or promised to be given, to the persons concerned therein; and also bells, flags, and other iignals and devices, were used during the said riots and tumults, todiredlthe rioters in their criminal acts and proceedings, and to give notice of attempts or preparations to suppress, refill, or interrupt the fame: We therefore, taking the fame into our most serious consideration, by and with the advice of our Privy Council, in order to detedf and bring to justice the period guilty of any of the criminal acts above mentioned, are graciously pica fed to promise. That if any person shall discover any other person or persons, who, by themirlves, or their agents, gave or offered, or promised to give, any money, or other reward, to any person or person9, to engage or continue in the said riot9 or tumults, or to do or assist in any of the criminal acts committed du-rinc the continuance of the said riots and tumults, or who made use of any bells, flags, or other.figuals or devices, to <li-Tcd the rioters in any of their criminal

acts and proceedings, or to give sotiee of attempts or preparations to suppress, refill, or interrupt the fame, so at that the person or persons discovered may be prosecuted, such discoverer fiip.ll have and receive as a reward, upon conviction of such offender or offenders, the sum of One hundred pounds: and the Commissioners for executing the office of Tree* surer of our Exchequer are hereby required to make payment thereof accordingly."

It was resolved in a court of Aldermen on Tuesday, July 18. " That as the executions have passed with perfefi peace and quiet, and there being no appearance of any riots within this city, no further allowance be made to the troops by this city after Saturday next."

The greater part of the military were removed from the city on the 15th of July, and the rest soon after.

The encampment in Hyde park broke up on the 10th of August.

As in the account of these tumults, we have related the proceedings in parliament each day before the adjournment, we shall here insert the proceedings concerning the tumults on the meeting of parliament.

Both Houses having met on Monday, June 19. the day to which they had adjourned, the King made the following speech to them.

"My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The outrages committed by bands of desperate and abandoned men, in various parts of this metropolis, broke forth with such violence into acts of felony and treason, had so far overborne all civil authority, and threatened so directly the immediate subversion of all legal power, the definition of all property, and the confusion of every order in the fiate, that 1 found myself obliged, by every tie of duty and affrdtion to my people, to sup-prcl'rs, in every part, those rebellious in-iurredtions, and to provide for the public safety, by the most efiVctual and immediate application of the force iotrufted to me by parliament.

1 have directed copies of the proclamations issued upon that occasion to be laid before you.

Proper orders have been given for bringing the authors and abettors of these insurrections, and the perpetrators of such criminal acts, to speedy trial, and to such condign punifiimenta* the laws of their

country

Avg.vj&o* Lords on the tumult*. 413

Conakry preterite, nd Mite vindication of public justice demands.

Though I troft it is not necessary, yet I think it right at this time, to renew to you my fbleron afluranees, that 1 have so other objdt bat to make the laws of the realm, and the principles of our excellent confutation in charch and state, the rule and measure of my conduct; and I shall ever con6der it as the first duty of my ft at ion, and the chief glory of my reign, to maintain and preserve the established religion of my kingdoms; and, at far as in me lies, to secure and to perpetuate the rights and liberties of joy people."

After the King had withdrawn, the Duke of Dorset recapitulated the several circumstances of the late dreadful riots; expatiated on the amiable virtues, great jretolutiou, and admirable conduit of his Majesty, at that alarming crisis; and then moved an bumble address, to thank his Majesty for his gracious (peecb, and to express the highest approbation of that House, of all the measures taken to sup-dress the riots; which address was worded nearly in the fame terms as the speech.

Lord Dudley Ward seconded the motion, and followed the fame line of detail on the subject of the riots, and was equally warm in his commendations of the wisdom and lenity shewn by his Majesty on the occasion.

The Duke of Richmond rose, not to oppose the motion for ao address, but to objrd to Tome parts of it, to which be could not so readily assent, unless be beard some further explanation of them. His Grace could not think, that an immediate application bad been made of the force entrusted to his Majesty by parliament; neither could he so clearly fee the absolute necessity there was for using the military power; for if the magistrates had done their duty io time, the civil power might have been sufficient to have quelled the riots; but at all events the military came too late, and therefore it could not be bid that immediate relief bad been given to the subjects in the hour of their greatest distress.

His Grace then adverted to the proclamations on the table, which he said he should desire to have read; and wished so have it known, whether we are now Under martial law, and how long the military force is to surround us: for, in his opinion, parliament could hardly be laid

to be free 5 while it wm overawed by the near approach of such an armed force, it might be dangerous to speak with freedom, as he now intended to do, and to censure the conduit of the commander in chief of the army. He then took notice of two letters ieot by Lord Amherst into the city to Col* TwiQetoo, who commanded the military in the city, requiring him to difaroa the citizens, who had armed for the defence of their lives and properties, and to order them to deliver up their firelocks; declaring it to be unlawful fug them to appear in arms without a commission from the King, or his approbation.

These letters his Grace considered ay a violation of the constitutional right that every Protestant subject has to keep and bear arms for the defence of his perio* and his property; and if the dodrincLaid down in those letters was once admitted, there was an end of our liberty* If these letters therefore were to be taken as part of the conduit of government, he should be sorry to have it go forth as the voice of the House that they approved it by an address of thanks: neither could he, confident with the principles which he had always adhered to, consent to approve the conduit of an administration which be had always disproved.

He had likewise, he laid, bad the miffortune to differ in opinion from the Noble Lord who has the command of the army, upon many occasions; and he owned he could not approve of these letters; copies of which his Grace had obtained, and thought they demanded the ftriUcft parliamentary scrutiny.

Lord Amherst, in justification oftbt two letters, said, they exalUy corre-fponded with the requisition made by the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, who had represented to the Privy Council, that the mob had got possession of various kinds of arms, and amongst the rest of firelocks, and were doing great mischief with them, and desiring that the military might be ordered to take them from the rioters; but it was by no means under-flood, that the arms were to be taken a-way from the Associated Citizens, who had armed themselves very properly for the defence of their lives and properties, nor that they were to be ordered to disarm: no such thing was intended; the exprtflions in the letter? could not be so

con-

414 ' Loftis tm fKe tumults. Vol. 42.

construed neither were they so by Cof. Twifleton, who gave orders to seize rbe arms of rioters and suspicious persons only.

Earl Bathurst, Lord President, made a distinction between the right which the subject enjoys by law to keep and to bear arms for his own defence, *and putting themselves in military array, that is to foy, in bodies, without a commission from the King. He vindicated the orders given by the commander in chief in his letters; and aiked, if a lawless mob were to be suffered to carry arms, and to commit all forts of violence, under she notion of the subjects* right to keep arms for their defence ? And he added, that though the disturbances were checked, he did not know that they were quelled.

The Duke of Richmond retorted, by asking, if the citizens of London in alTb-ciations, appearing in arms for the defence of their lives and property, when no other prote&ion was offered them in time, were to be considered as a mob who had no right to array themselves in such a time of imminent danger, without a commission from the king

The Duke of Manchester said a few words about the construdfion of treason, and hoped, that in the orders given for bringing the guilty to trial, care would be taken to distinguish what was really treason from what might be con ft rued into it. His Grace expressed his fears about the exertion of prerogative: he desired to know how long the military force was to have a power to act dif-cretionally, how long they were to be stationed in and about the town, and that some Noble Lord would inform him, whether at this hour we are under martial law, or governed by the law of the land

Lord Talbot besought the House to be unanimous in their address of thanks: be considered the two letters from the commander in chief, as having nothing to do with it; they were a separate sub-^ed, and if there was any thing wrong in them, let it be enquired into and fitted to the bottom on another day; for his own part, he was free to declare, that he thought every Protestant subject bad a right to arm himself for his own defence; and he wished to fee every good citizen able to defend himself and his country; he was no friend to large Harding armies: but that had nothing to do with the address; the speech was a very good one, and the measures that

had been taken had been the salvation of the country. He therefore hoped foreign* ers would fee, by the unanimity of the House, that they totally disapproved and discouraged those outrages which had brought upon us a national disgrace that nothing else could efface.

Earl Mansfield lamented, that no other Lord had got up to prevent any misrepresentations going forth out of doors concerning the late proceedings; but as no one Lord had done it, he thought it his duty to state to the House what is the law of the land; and to declare, that every thing that had been done for the suppression of the late riots, had been done, not by virtue of the royal prerogative, but exactly in conformity to the law of the land; and all the proceedings, he maintained, must be justifiedor condemned by the law of the land. No command from the King, no order from the Privy Council, can make that lawful which is not so by the law of the land. Neither can the military plead any such command or order for acts of violence not authorised by law; they cannot be tried for them by a court-martial, they are accountable to the laws of their country.

There are circumstancesin which there is no distintfion between the civil and the military man. Such was the present case. A banditti, a numerous mob, proceeding by a regular plan, on a fudJen grow too powerful for the civil magistrates, and the peace-officers under them; under a specious pretext of religion, they proceed to acts of felony and treason, l’ubverfive df all government; they set open prisons, burn down houses, attack courts of justice, and public offices, no way concerned in the bill in question. For my own part, said his Lordship, it happened by accident that 1 never attended while the bill was before the House; I never opened my lips about it s 1 say, by accident; because, as there was no opposition, and 1 had other duty, I was not in the House when it was passed. But my opinion is well known: I have always thought it agreeable to the laws of God and of nations, to fuller e* very man to enjoy religious toleration; 1 have exp refled it upon many occasiont in favour of the Protestant diflenterv, and have supported the Mcthodifts, when they have been obliged to prolVcute persons for disturbing them in their worship.

As

Aug. 1780. Lords and Commons on the tumults. 415

As to this bill, if an abiife has been made of it; if the Roman-Catholics do not confine themselves to educating their own children at home, inftend of fending them abroad, which was more detrimental, but will undertake to educate Protestant children, some step may be taken to alter the bill, and prevent it. The wisdom of parliament will provide for that t The Romish schools may be registered, and the number of their children and returns be made to the bishop of every di-occfe; it may also be made criminal in them to undertake the education of Protestant children. But this is a matter of consideration for another day.

His Lordship then dated, that in cases of rebellion, or of such in furred ions of the people, wherein felony or treason is actually committing or committed, every man has a right to interfere to suppress or prevent it. His Lordship then described various acts of felony and treason committed By the late mobs, such as pulling down and setting fire to houses, breaking open prifjns, attacking the bank, &c. all of which amounted to levying war against the king's person and government; and lie particularly dwelt upon infurrcdions to oblige the legifla-turc to repeal laws enacted, or to enact any laws by compulsion, as ad6 of high treason.

The conclusion he drew was, that in all these cases any subject, whether civil or military, has a right to apprehend and secure the offenders; and if he cannot, he may proceed to the extrtmeft violence; he may put them to death; and this is the law of the land: the military therefore did not ad by the prerogative of the crown, but by the law of the land.

The address was then voted con.

The Duke of Richmond then moved to address the King, that he would be pleased to order copies of the two letters from Lord Amherst to Col. Twifletoh dated June 12. and 13. and also a copy of the Lord Mayor’s pi »n of defence of the city, to be laid before the House.

Lord Amherst laid, there was a third letter, explanatory of the others, which he desired might be added, with the Duke’s permiffi >n, to the motion. The Duke replied, that he had no objection; he never meant to do things by halves; that letter had not come to his knowledge, or he should have noticed it. The motion was then carried*

’ Earl Bathurst, after mentioning the many bad consequences that might hap* pen to sheriff9, jailors, &c. from the releasing of prisoners by the mob from the lev era I prisons, and also some inconveniencies to the prisoners themselves, mo* ved, That the judges be ordered to prepare a bill, to indemnify the sheriffs. Scc. for the consequences of the late re* lease of the prisoners by the riotous mob:, which was unanimously agreed to, and ordered accordingly.

As loon as the Commons returned to their own House from that of the Lords; the Speaker read the speech which the King had delivered from the throne.

Lord Beauchamp then rose, and in a short speech described the horrors of the late tumults; asserted the necessity of employing the military to <juell them; and concluded with a motion for an humble address of thanks to his Majestr for the parental care be had taken to quell the late internal commotions, and restore the public tranquillity.

Mr Macdonald seconded the motion, and expressed his warmest approbation of the measures that had been adopted to suppress the riots.

Mr Fox agreed in part with the Hon. Gentlemen who moved and seconded the address. He admitted, that it was necessary to employ the military when a riot waa fullered to grow too great for the civil power; but as much credit as he gave ministers for the suppression of the tumults, as much blame did he lay at thefr door for not checking it in its birth. Upon the whole, he hoped, th3t if any future occasion should call for vigorou* mt afures, ministers would be a little less indolent, and shew themselves in earnest from the beginning. He trusted also, that the calling forth the military upon the late alarming occasion, would not be established as a precedent for preferring the soldiery to the civil power. As to the present address, it met his warmest supporr, because he thought the wicked-ness of the rioters had exceeded the wicked ness of ad-----11; and in such time*

of civil and lavvlcfs tumult, it certainly behoved moderate men to stand by each other in defence of their country.

Mr Burke declaimed with unusual vehemence against the authors and abettors of the late riots, whom he termed a set of deluded fanatics; and spoke in support of thq bill they riotously petitioned

against

'4)6 Common* on the ftjftroltlj &6 VOL4V

gamft, a* an act that was founded in the true wisdom of parliament, and therefore ought not to repealed at the dictatorial requisitio* of a fowled rabble.

Lord North, after paying ajuft.enco* dmu to the merit of the soldiery in their endeavours to suppress the riots, informed the House, that he intended to move for a bill of indemnity, for having called In the aid of the soldiery; because it might otherwise appear a measure that mititated against the spirit of the consti-tntfcm. He should likewise move for national restitution being made to the several sufferers in consequence of the riots; for bad government been able at that time to have given them the necessstry protection, they would not have foffered in their property. As to the ad which had occasioned the tumults, it would, since tranquillity was restored, undergo an immediate enquiry; but he thought it behoved that House to weigh well the con&quences that might attend its repeal under all its present circum-flaoces.

Sir P. Jennings Clerke accused the msniftry of having been extremely negligent in suppressing the tumults. Many of the buildings that now lay in ruins, might, he said, have been laved, if his information had been attended to He hamfelf had waited twice on the commander in chief and others, and informed them of the danger with which the king’* bench prifou was threatened; but hit information was disregarded, and the prison was reduced to allies.

The Secretary at War acquitted the ministry of negligence; and attributed what was called indolence in them to the want of troops; for when the riot first began, and the apprehensions of individuals became violent, so many applications bad been made for troops, that, previous to the arrival of the militia, it was impossible to satisfy half the calls that had been made.

The address was agreed to unani-mously.

Lord North delivered the following

melTage.----1 am commanded by his Majesty to acquaint this House, that his Majesty has caused the Rt Hon. Lord George Gordon, a member of this House, to be apprehended and committed for High Treason/* [403.]

A motion wa9 then made, that an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to return to his Majesty the thanks of this House, for communicating the reason for which the Rt Hon. Lord George Gordon, a member of this House, was apprehended and committed. — Tbc motion was agreed to; and the address ordered to be presented to his Majesty bp such of the members as were Privy Couo-fellors.

Both Lords and Commons, in their addresses in answer to the King’s speech, express their utmost abhorrence and detection of the outrages committed, in various parts of the metropolis, by bands of desperate and abandoned men; — and both approve of the measures that were taken to suppress them. — The Lords say, "We beg leave to testify our warmest gratitude to your Majesty, for your parental care and concern for the protection of your subjects, so mantfeft in the measures your wisdom directed in this urgent necelfity, to suppress, in c-very part, these rebellious insurrections, and to provide for the general safety, by the restoration of public peace." — and the Commons say, "We think it our indispensable duty, to acknowledge, with the warmest emotions of gratitude, duty, and aftedtion, your Majesty’s paternal ^care, and concern for the protection of your subjects, in the measures which your Majesty, as the father of your people, and the guardian of public safety, took in the hour of extreme and imminent necelfity, for the immediate and effectual suppression of those rebe^ous insurrections."

The King, in his answer to the Lords addrest, fays, Your abhorrence of the rebellious insurrections, and your unanimous approbation of the measures taken to suppress them, malt have the most fa-lutary effects ;* —and in his aoswer to the Commons addref6, after returning them his cordial and particular thanks, for this loyal, affectionate, and unanimous address/* he adds, " Union, at this time, mult have the best and most important consequences: nothing can more powerfully aifift me in preferring the public safety, and securing reverence for the laws, and obedience to legal government. Be assured that it is my constanft and ardent desire to promote the happened of all my subjects, and to deserve the confidence and support of a free people/*

Ang. 1780. Exa*itiot* of the Rioters. 417

4*7

A sentence of death was pronounced, committed the crime, have been executed at or near the pla- William Macdonald, Mary Roberts, CCS where they had been respectively and Charlotte Gardner a negro, were concerned, in demolishing houses, or executed on Tower hill. The man was in extorting money £361.3. —— The hanged between the two women: they executions began on Tuesday, July 11. embraced each other, and he lhook hands on which day five were executed. — A with them. They were all penitent, little before seven o* clock about aoo of Three were executed on Wednesday, the London Association, and about 50 July i». viz. Richard Roberts, a lad of of the White regiment of city-mili- feveoteen years of age, for demolishing tia, with upwards of 300 constables, at- Sir John Fielding’s house, and Benjamin tended at Newgate, (which was refitted Taplin, for extorting money from an a-for the reception of prisoners), to guard pothecary in Russel street; these were the malefactors to the place of execution, executed at the end of Bow streef, Co-—-The first was James Pateman, who a- vent-garden; and James Henry, coij-icended the cart about ten minutes pall victed of being a ringleader in demolish-seven, and was executed in Coleman ing Mr Langdale’s house, was executed street. The procefiion was as follows, at the bottom of Hatton-garden, Hol-First, a dozen of the sheriffs men on burn. They were all penitent, and axj-horseback, with javelins; then thirty or knowledged their guilt, forty constables, withftaves; Mr Gates, Enoch Fleming was executed at the the city-marshal; a company of the White end of Wood (lock street, on Thursday, regiment of militia; two companies of July 13. He was penitent, and acknow-the City-Association; the Sheriffs in their Jedged his guilt. He was an industrious chariots; Mr Vilette, Ordinary of New- man, maintaining a wife and four chil-gate, in a carriage; the cart with the dren by his business, that of basket-ma-criminal and executioner; the under- king, at which he worked fifteen hours sheriff in a carriage; constables; and the a-day.

procession closed with two parties of the Three were executed on Thursday,

City - Association, the latter of whom was July 10. viz. William Gamble, at Beth-habited as light infantry. It was with nal green; Samuel Solomons, a Jew, at difficulty Mr Vilette could prevail on the the end of Black-Lion yard, Whitecha-criminal to (trip his hat of a blue cock- pel; and James Jackson, opposite New-ade, which be infilled to wear, decla- gate. — Gamble prayed with great zeal ring, that he died a martyr for the Pro- and devotion, was by trade a cabiuet-testant cause, and should leave the world maker, and had a wife and four or five chearfully. Mr Vilette remonstrated children. Solomons, on coming out of with him on his mistaken notion of reli- Newgate, said, " Though I am a Jew, gion, and adviled him not to palliate his pray for me, dear brother-prisoners and guilt, but to prepare for his awful fate, spectators, as I do for you all: I hope a necessary part of which was, to aban- to fee you all in heaven.’* He prayed don that spirit of riot which had brought fervently, and frequently said, " God him to an ignominious death. The pri- forgive my enemies." He was some foner then suffered the cockade to be ta- time since a merchant at Smyrna, and ken away. At the place of execution he carried on a great traffic thence to Hol-looked icveral times at the ruins of the land, and other parts of F.urope. Jack-house he had assisted to demolish, and son’^ behaviour was devout and m.tnly: shook his head. He appeared penitent, he was by trade a watchmaker, had a and when the cart drew away, cried a- good character, and left a wife, l‘o deli-lond, " Lord Jesus, receive my foul !* rious on account of his fate ns to becon-From Coleman street the Sheriffs and fined, and three young children, all thetr attendants returned to New- Five were executed on Friday, July gate, and carried William Browne to si. viz. Thomas Price, Jamet, burn, execution in Bishopsgate street. His fa- and Benjamin Waters, in Cd street ther, a gray-headed man, accompanied rond, opposite the end of Golden Lane, him, and kified him before the cart drew and Jonathan Sraeey and George Sta-away. Mr Vilette having aiked the pri- pies in Moorfields.— Price acknjwkdgt d

5 O

418 Executions of the Rioters, &c. Vol. 42.

he had broke three or four panes, which was all the damage he had done, and a-vowed he was not hired or spoke to by any person to join the mob. Waters acknowledged that he was in the house with the mob, and had a hatchet in his hand, but did not carry it in with him; and said he was not aware of the danger which he now too dearly experienced. Burn said, he did no damage whatever, but was in the house; and hoped forgiveness for all his fins. Stacey was a watchmaker, and Staples a muffin-maker, the latter has left a wife and two children.

Two were executed on Saturday, July 21, viz. Charles Kent and John Gray, in Bloomsbury square. They were both cripples, and young, and behaved penitently.

Six were executed on Wednesday Aug. . near the Kings-bench, in St George’s Fields, viz. Robert Lovell, Edward Dorman and Mary Cook, Oliver Johnson and Elisabeth Collins, and John Bridport; and all behaved decently.

One was executed on Tuesday, Aug. 21,in St George’s fields, viz. Henry Penny. He was a captain among the rioters. He had been respited a fortnight on a plea of insanity; which not appearing to be founded, orders were sent Aug. 19. for his execution.

Of the rioters there were tried, at the Old Bailey and St Margaret’s-hill, in all, 135; of these, 76 were acquited, and 59 were capitally convicted; and of the convicts, 33 were respited, and 26 executed.

Eight of the Bath rioters [406.] were tried at Wells, on Friday, Aug. 15. by the Judges Nares and Heath; of whom seven were acquitted; and one, John Butler,latefervantto Mr Baldwin of Bath, was found guilty, and received sentence of death. His indictment bore, that he, and twenty others, on the 9th of June, began to dtmolish the house of John Brewer, (the Pop’fh priest, whose house had a communication with the chapel at Bath), and an outhouse belonging to him. — This condemned criminal was carried privately in a post-chuse from Wells to Bath on Sunday, and was executed next day, Monday, Aug. 28. at the end of Pear-tree lane, near the Ro-mish chapel.

[We hope our having given a full account of these riots, (which Judge Nares, in his charge to the jury at Wells, pronounced to be unparallelled in the annals of this or any other country), will be

approved of — It has, however, been justly observed, that the proper measures of prevention were neglected to be taken. Our readers will remember, that, in 1771, upon an appreheofion only, that the livery of London meant to attend the Lord Mayor, at delivering a petition to the King, notice was sent to his Lordship, that no persons beyond the number allowed by law [33. 705.1 would be admitted; and accordingly only that number, ten, attended his Lordship, &c. [33. 388.I.— What mischief (fays a correspondent) might have been prevented, by giving such notice to Ld George Gordon on this occasion, and by authoritatively informing the people assembled in St George’s Fields of the illegality of their proceedings and intentions ! If all our senators had forgot, as probably Lord George did forget, the act 1661; yet surely such members as were of the common council of London in 1771 cannot be supposed to have forgot the requisition then made to comply with that law, (As just now mentioned), and the obedience paid to that requisition, by persons who were not in a humour of fuomittingto the least encroachment on their rights and privileges. Our correspondent adds, that it may with justice be pleaded for Lord George, as an alleviation at least, that though he gave the most public notice of his intentions, both in the public papers, and in parliament, yet not the least intimation was made to him that they were illegal. — Lord Loughborough, in his charge to she jury [338.], reminded them of the act 1661, above quoted, when the pu-nishment of delinquents was the object in view: how happy might it probably have been, had that law been humanely intimated to Lord George Gordon, and the multitudes he had convened, by way of prevention, before any mischief was committed !]

The pro^ttfi of the if and of Domingo,

From a mcm'ir presenteda committee of mrr-

char.ts atR'urdcaux to Jf and Sar-

tir t' thi importance ofprn’ecuting tb<

war ;t:t gecatejtvigour in that part of at orld.

Tbc on u u:l value of all the produce f th -t

far ten years^ in the markets of France.

In *7 69 £ l ,760,000 In 1774 £ 2.600,000

>770 1,900.000 177 2 860 000

177 > 1.960,000 1 776 2.950,000

«77» l ,840,000 >777 3.33°.°oo

1773 4,370,0001 1778 3,500,090

P AR -

Aug. 1760. Parliament: Lords

v PARLIAMENT. [374.]

The Duke of Richmond, in a short speech, on Wednesday, June 21. in the House of Lords, said, that some expref-(ions in Lord Amherst'g letters to Col. Tt*wifleton had given a general alarm, and spread doubts amongst the people, whether we are not at present under military government. He then had the three letters from Lord Amherst to Col. Twifleton, dated June i». 13. and 14. [408,41 x.JreaH by the clerk, and afterwards the ad in Will, and Mary, for settling the fuccclfion to the crown; in which the rights of the subjects are declared, and, amongst others, the right of all Protestant subjects to keep and bear arms for their own defence. His Grace then founded a motion thereon to the follow-purport: " That it is the opinion of this House, that the letter from Lord Amherst of the 13th of June, to Col. Twifleton, then commanding an armed force in the city, in which he orders him to disarm the citizens, who had armed themselves for the defence of their lives and properties, and to detain their arms, contains a command or order which invades the property of the said citizens, and violates one of their most sacred rights, that of bearing arms for their defence, declared to be so by the ad of the first of William and Mary.’* — The Duke contended that this was a very unwarrantable step of the commander in chief, and highly censurable. He did not consider it as an error in the hurry of hufiness at such a crisis, but as a direct attack upon the liberties of the people, and a step towards introducing the military power to ad upon all occasions of disturbances without the civil power, and to discountenance all plans of the people to associate and arm themselves for the preservation of the peace.— In fine, he called upon the law-lords, and said there were enough of them in the House, to give their opinion, whether the military acting under an order of the privy council without the magistrate, are acting according to the law of the land, or if we are to consider ourselves as under a military government.

A long and interesting debate took place, in which little was advanced on either fide, but what has been said, upon moving for copies of Lord Amherlt’s letters on Monday. [413.]

The only speakers for the motion, be-

on Lord Amherst’s letters, 419

fides the Noble mover, were the Duke of Grafton and Lord Ravensworth.

The opposers of the motion were the Earl of Carlisle, Lord Townftiend, Lord Stormont, the Lord Chancellor, and Lord Mansfield.

The main ground of their arguments was, That the neceslity of the case ju-ftified the conduct of the commander in chief x that his orders had clearly been understood by Col. Twifleton, not to mean disarming reputable citizens, who had associated and armed themselves, and were thanked for so doing; but upon the representation of the Lord Mayor, that persons of no character were going about the streets. with weapons, and carrying rusty firelocks to be cleaned and repaired; he had applied to Lord Amherst to know how to ad, and had re* ceived orders to seize the arms of all fu-fpicious persons, and to keep them safe till further orders.

The Lord Chancellor maintained, that the fad stated in the motion was not true; and even if it were, he said he would vote against the motion at this crisis; aa be did not know that the mischief waa yet at an end, and it would be highly improper to pass a censure on the conduct of Lord Amherst, and the military under him, who had deferred the highest commendations for their conduct. Hia Lordship defined what a military government was, and plainly demonstrated that no such thing exists in this country. A government cannot be military while the soldiers and their officers are amenable to the Common law of the land.

Lord Mansfield, in confirmation of the doctrine he had laid down on Monday, that the military on the late occasion acted under the common law, as all other subjects are reejuefted to do in cases of rebellion and felony, mentioned a new circumstance concerning the late diabolical premeditated plan for the de-strudion of London: A party of the mob attempted to cut off the water at the New-River head, on the Wednesday evening, when there were so many fires, but were providentially prevented by some Tailors. They had also designed to destroy the offices of records. In short, said his Lordship, whether the plan was from a foreign or a domestic enemy, it was to compass no less than the reducing all London to ashes, and destroying public credit. — His Lordship Teemed to think the danger not yet over j and till it G % is

420 Parliament: Commons on the military atting. V0I.4*. \

Is, that the assistance of the military is necessary, and according to law, being justified by the occasion.

The motion was rejected without a division.

After the conclusion of the debate, Lord Amherst rose, and declared, that though he would not venture to trouble their Lordships with any thing respecting himself, he lhou)d think he ailed very improperly, if he neglected to express the very great satisfaction which all the principal officers, whose conduit he had particular opportunity of observing, had given him, by the spirit, regularity, and attention, which they manifested during the late alarming infurrrition9.

On Monday, July 3. Mr David Hartley rose in the House of Commons, and said, he intended to make a motion re speiting the military government which had been introduced into the capital in consequrnce of the late riots. He was not then prepared to say, whethCV the necessity for calling in the military was not in the first instance purposely created; but this he was free to declare, and ready to maintain, that, parliament fitting, and in the full exercise of the sovereign power, that it amounted almost to an abdication of that power, not to resume their constitutional functions, and sanctify, by law, what in itself, from the spur of the occasion, had become perfectly justifiable, the prefer* vation of the Hate superseding every form, and of cotirfc every inferior confederation. — The absence, however, of the Noble Lord in the blue ribbon, the o-Itenfible minifttr, who was absent, as he understood, from indisposition, prevented him, in point of candour, from bringing on the question; he would therefore postpone his intended motion for the present; reserving to himself, at the same time, hi? first intention, that of bringing it forward some day before the prorogation, in order that ir might Undergo a full and candid discussion.

Accordingly, on Wednesday, July 5. the fame gentleman made the following motion: That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, dating, that although his faithful Commons have thought it their indispensable duty, to express in the strongtft terms their abhorrence of the proceedings of the late tumultuous assembiies, and of the criminal acts of outrage and violence committed by them [416. J; yet that they mu ft equally guard agaipft any ill confc- quences which may arise to the liberties and civil constitution of this country, by *, the employment of the military force, a unconnectedly with the civil magistrates, 1 for the suppression of such tumults: That it appears to his faithful Commons, that the issuing general orders to all his Majesty’s officers throughout the kingdom, to proceed in the suppression of tumults by an immediate exertion of their utmost force, without waiting for the directions of the civil magistrates, is, in its eftect, nothing less than the fub-version of the civil magistracy of this country, in respect to the preservation of the public peace, and the substitution of a military government at discretion in its place: That such principles arc fun- >. damentally repugnant to the spirit of this constitution, and to the provisions of an act of parliament, passed in the ’ first year after the accession of his Maje- j lty’s family to the throne of these king- , doms, intitled, " An act for preventing tumults and riotous afTcmbfies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters ;" by which act such magistrates as are inverted with the civil power, after proclamation made, (or prevented by violence from being made), are, according to their judgement and discretion, authorised and impowered to command all his Majesty’s subjects of age and ability to be assisting to them:

To represent to his Majesty, that it is the most alarming of all possible confide* rations to his faithful Commons, to see the civil power superseded by the military by'a general order throughout the kingdom, in consequence of which, the military now remains under orders to act without waiting for directions from the civil magistrates: That his faithful Commons, in these chcumstances, think it their indispensable duty to their country, which they represent, most eameftly to request of his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to take these things into his confutation, and to give a suitable relief to his people, by replacing the military force as ufoal under the direction of the civil power, for the purpose of suppressing tumults and riotous assemblies according to the laws and con-Hit ution of these kingdoms." ,

Mr Hartley, following exactly the line of argument made ufc of by the Duke

of

Aug. 1780. Parliament: Commons on the military ailing, Ac. f

of Richmond, infilled, that military go* vernment is (till in force, and will continue so till the general orders issued to the military be recalled. He wished to see the civil magistrates reinstated in their functions, and supported wheo requisite by the military power; but he thought it anconstitutional, and very alarming, to have such large bodies of the military dispersed in all part* of the metropolis, and almost furrouhding it, invested with a discretionary power to use violence against his Majesty’s subjects, before the civil magistrate has declared that they are offenders deferring such exertions, and too powerful in point of numbers to be brought to justice by the proper peace-officers.

He was answered by the Solicitor-General; who maintained, that the civil magistrates are at this hour reinstated in their functions, and that the military are now only protecting them in their duty. He appealed to the Hon. member himself, whether this is not the case at pre-firm at the sessions-house in the Old Bailey; the avenues to which are strongly guarded by constables, and the military are only stationed there to prote& them, as a proper precaution after the late un-parallelled in furred ion and unexampled outrages of a daring and furious mob.

Lord North denied, that the least idea of a military government subsisting in this kingdom at present could be entertained by any cool dispassionate man. Could it be supposed, that the orders issued to the military upon the late extraordinary occasion, were ever pieant to be put in execution upon any emergency but that of a mob overpowering the civil pofle, and subverting magistracy itself i Surely no man would think it prudent in government to raise such another seene of wild uproar, havock, and devaluation; and, as it was impossible for any one to take upon him to infnre the public safety, if the troops were withdrawn before any circumstance concurred to demonstrate that the public tranquillity is perfectly and permanently restored, he could not fee the wisdom of the motion at the present moment. A very short time would make it expedient ♦o draw off the military; and in the mean time they certainly would not act independent of the orders of the civil power, unless compelled to it by the superior violence of a mob; which God forbid should ever happen again in this

city, in the very feat of government.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke and Mr Dempster spoke in favour of the motion.

Upon a division the motion was rejected by 50 votes against 6.

The Commons wefe in a committee seven times on the bill moved for and brought in by Mr Burke, " for the better establishment of his Majesty’s civil establi foment," See. [194. J, viz. March 8. 13. 20. April 28^ May 18. 23. and June 23. The proceedings and debates on the 8th, 13th, and 20th of March* have been already inserted [198, 242.}. — On a motion by Mr Fox, the Houffe impowered the committee, March to, to make provision for the abolition of the offices of the Lords and Gentlemen of Police, and the several offices belonging to that establi foment, in Scotland. Lord North did not object to the motion; but said, that by his acquiescence then, he did not bind himself to support thedause in the committee.

Mr Burke, April 28. moved for the a* bolition of the offices of Matter of the Great Wardrobe, Master of the Robes* the Jewel-office, &c. — He said, he had imagined that housekeepers of palaces were never appointed but to palaces that really existed, palaces of brick and (tone: he was however mistaken; for it was clear by certain appointments, that there were such things as Utopian palaces* perfectly immaterial buildings. He had looked into the red book, and there be had seen such a phalanx of petticoat-housekeepers to palaces, that he did not dare to think of abolishing their places*, particularly as these housekeepers were ladies of the first families in the kingdom, and because he did not think it improper that employments should be given to women of high birth.

Mr Gilbert said, that he was comptroller of the wardrobe for seventeen years. On his appointment he had made himself mailer of every thing concerning it, by which he made a reduction of 5001. a-year in it. The duties of the wardrobe were very extensive: The clothing of the yeomen of the guards, warders of the tower, king’s trumpeters, furnishing the royal palaces, both hou-fes of parliament, royal robe9, clothing of the royal children, the royal funerals, coronations, &c. were all within that department.

Lord Nugent, Sir Horace Mann, and Lord Ongley, disliked the mode of proceeding

421 ft Parliament: Commons on the reformationd>iH. Vol. 42.

feeding by of parliament, instead of address, in matters relating to the aeco-gomy of the King’s household, the latter mode being more respetfful to the King: which Mr Burke treated jocularly.

Gen. Conway read many extracts from cdi&s of the present King of France, which breathed the purest language of patriotism, and paternal affection for his people. Louis XVI. had succeeded a grandfather whose reign had been a fe-ries of dissipation, which the grandson teemed determined to avoid. The war was carried on, the public expences provided for, and yet no additional tax had been imposed. While wc had been obli-to raise by new taxes the interest of loans to the amount of forty millions, the French King had been enabled by ceconomical retrenchments in his house-hold, to with-hold new burdens from the shoulders of his people: he gave up much of the pomp of his court, and by real acts of paternal affection had well deferred the name of a patriot king. The French ministers who gave such good advice to their sovereign, deserved every encomium; whilst our governors, by not having advised their prince to any act of (Economy, fell far behind.

Lord North made the following observation with regard to the finances of France and England. The former were Indeed under the management of a very able, and a very honest financier. But the constitution of both countries was no less different in point of finance, than in that of legislatton. In England a mi* sifter was obliged to bring a specific tax for every public loan. In 'France it was otherwise: the power of the crown, which in popular governments is divided between a number of people, procures expedients in an absolute monarchy unknown to a limited one; and perhaps, of the few things that were good in absolute governments, the prerogative of the crown in that particular was the best. But when so much stress was laid upon the reform that took place in the household of the French King, it should be remembered, that the French . civil list had three times the income of that of England. And in that income were not included the salaries for the support ».f ambassadors at foreign courts. The secret-service money was suppbed from a distinct fund; as was ailo the whole establishment of the courts of justice; so that the King of France might

well suppress a great many unnecessary places, and leave himself, for his household only, exclusive of ambassadors, judges, &c. double the sum which the King of England expends for the support of his court, hisembaflies, and his judges. If the British Sovereign enjoyed such an income as the King of France, and did not five something from it, the charge against his ministers for not giving him better advice, would come with a good grace. But he would not admit that as great a reform had taken place in France as was supposed, at least if there was not better authority for the opinion than the mere wording of the royal edicts: for during the last reign in France, which had avowedly been a reign of dillipation and criminal munificence, the royal e-didts spoke as patriotic and as (economical a language, as that which is expressed in the edicts of the present reign.

But gentlemen were not to suppose that his Majesty was not at great expence during the war, in hi.s private capacity as well as in his public. — The sums paid in consequence of addreresfrou* that House, were advanced out of the civil list, and not repaid for a contiderable time. The fuins advanced for the support of the American refugees, to the amount of 67,0001- together with 40,0001. for secret services, were all advanced from the civil list. A petition had also been presented to his Majesty from the island of Barbadoes, complaining of great want of several necessaries in consequence of a bad crop, and praying relief: the King caused 30,coo I. worth to be sent to the island, and ordered that they should be sold at prime cost; part of the money had since been repaid; but part remained still, and ever would remain unpaid. Antigua had afterwards petitioned for ftmilar relict; and 16,cool, worth of goods had been sent to the inhabitants on the fame terms; they afterwards drew on the treasury for 20,0001, and as they were in distress, it was thought proper not to distionour the bills. The crown advanced all this money; and not only was unreimbursed for a long time* but never would receive a shilling of a great part of the mm. Hence a very considerable lots to tl^e crown, and hence likewise the caui'c of its being often in arrear.

He had been afited, when be applied for an additional xoc.cool. a-year to the civil lilt, if he would come any in.we

to

Aug. 1780. Parliament: Commons

to parliament for the purposes of the civil list on any account whatever, even when the household of the Prince of "Wales should be formed [39. 197.3* At that time he had not thought it proper to make a reply, because he was delicate how he made a promise, unless he were satisfied he should be able to perform it. Now he could speak, he believed, with confidence on the subject; and he was happy to inform the House, that he hoped an establishment for the Prince of Wales could be defrayed from the civil list, without anymore alliftance from parliament.

If ministers had not stood forth and offered to the public a part of the civil list towards the defraying of the expences of the war, after the example of Anne, it was because the civil list would not bear it. That Queen gave up 100,0001. to the people for the purposes of the war, and gained great popularity for the act: but after the royal grant had been given away for five years, the then mi niftry were obliged to come to parliament for the payment of a debt of 6oo,ooool. contracted by the civil list ! If he had refrained to advise his Majesty to follow the example of Anne, it was because he knew the civil list would thereby fall into arrear, and the royal ge-ncrofity would be turned into a mockery of the people.

From all these observations he trusted they would acquit him of the charge to be deduced from the comparison made between the British and French ministry by the Hon. Gentleman.

Some few more spoke; and on a division the numbers were, for the clause 36a, against it 2x0.

The committee next proceeded to the clause for abolishing the Board of Works; and the numbers were, for the abolition 188, against it 203.

The clause for abolishing the office of JCceper of the Stag-hounds, was rejected, 75 against 49, as wos that respecting the band of Gentlemen Petitioners, 115 against 79, by the committee, May 18. [>45]

The committee fat again on the 23d of May and 2311 of June, andalllhe remaining chufcs were rejected. On the last of these days the committee was thin. A motion was made, to report proceedings to the House; upon which the previous question was put, That Mr Elwes the chairman do leave the chair ? and this - being carried, the committee was dil-

on the reformation-bill, See. 4*5

-solved, and thus the bill was thrown out The committee on the county-petitions fat for the third and last time oa the 26th of May. The only resolut ABioa of this committee that was reported to -the House, betides those of April &. f 309.3, was the one moved for by Mr Dunning April 10. [309,10.J# which was reported to and agreed to by the House, May 26. viz. That, for preserving the independence of parliament, and obviating any suspicion of its purity, there be laid before this House, within fevun days after the first day of every session, exaCf accounts, authenticated by the signature of the proper officers, of every sum and sums of money paid in the course of the preceding year, out of the produce of the civil list, or any other branch of the public revenue, to, ort# the use of, or in trust for, any member for either House of Parliament, by way of nension, salary, or on any other account whatsoever, specifying when and on what account."

Rules for curing the Cotst radically. *k

"p\R Grant, in his Observations on the origin, progress, and method of treating the Atrabilioua Temperament and Gout, lays down the following rules to those who mean to be cured of the Gout radically.

x. He mult quit the flat fertile cultivated plains during the funimer-season every year, and remove to the highest parts of the country, where the air is thin, pure, and piercing.

2. Leirn to amuse himself with coun-try-divei fions so as to fatigue himself every day. Of these, fishing, and wading in the clear stream, is the belt; walking is next; riding is only a fucce-daneum; and a carriage is not equal to the intention.

3. Avoid populous towns and great cities; Ihun all occasions of anxiety, debilitating passions, noxious dissipations, cxv.aufting pleasures, and heavy mental concerns, or intcnl'c thinking, even (MB agreeable subjetfts.

4. Keep to regular hours of exercise, eating and sleeping; short Deep is belt, on hard beds, in the early part of the night.

5. Lethisnpartment9be large, lofty, ill finift'td, and well warmed by strong fires.

6. He will soon feel the advantages of frequent bathing, much friction, and warm cloaMiing.

7. fits diet must be in proportion to

his

4<4 Grant on the Goat* America: CoL Campbell1* letter. Vol. 42.

Jttterercife, both id quality and quantity; but he mult never quite satisfy his hunger at any time. In general, it is proper to abltaio from butter, fat, high-Jeafoned, faked, and smoked meats. Some forbid black flesh and pork, but I do not find much difference, so that the fat and (kin are taken away. Wildfowl and game of all kinds are proper, and so is'fUh without butter. Ani-mad food mult not be used above once a-day: four days in the week he may cat meat; but never mix fish and flesh in the fame day, far less in the fame meah Butter-milk, whey, fruit, greens, roots, feeds, bread, and dilhes prepared from them, ought to constitute the greater part of his nourishment, especially during the summer and barveft. Tea and coffee, thin chocolate, and cocoa, agree with most people, mixed with milk, provided they eat no butter along with them.

♦ The belt common drink is cold water; but when he takes animal food he may drink small-beer, cyder, wine, or iptrits very much diluted.

9. When he eats heartily at dinner, lie ought to eat no supper, but fufTer the stomach to be quite empty once in twenty-four hours.

10. He mud be well rubbed all over every night and morning; and although I wish him to be warmly cloathed, yet I think he ought to walk out in the air as much as may be.

ix. When he is quite free from all complaint, sea-bathing, or even cold bathing, will agree with most people, to rtftore the strength.

n. Butin all situations he must take care to keep his body regular, by taking sulphur at night when he is costive; and if he should be tormented with wander-fog pains, the aron-root and fcurvvgrafs will be of service to him.

By such means as these, properly conducted, and steadily prosecuted for a length of time, a man of observation, by only attending to the juvamtia and lamnda In his own constitution, will in general radically cure any recent gout, always moderate it, never injure his natural state of health, or shorten his life.

I do not expect that it can be in the power of every one of my friends to observe all my directions literally; but it is my province to draw the line, and them to follow it as near as circumstances may permit, carefully observing what docs and what does not agree.

AMERICA. [380.]

In the Connecticut Journal of June t. there is an article, dated Boston, May 15. said to be an " extra# of a letter from Col. Campbell, who was some time past a prisoner [39. 149,50.] in this state, and who afterwards commanded the British troops that first took post in Georgia [41. 79.]. This letter was found in a prize lately brought in here," viz.

M My dear Hugh, , Jan, 15.

In my last I informed you, that the defence of Savannah gave great satisfap-tion here; and it has had a very grand effect upon the minds of the people, whose spirits were down, on account of the length of time which elapsed without any effort even to do good: and though this wa9 in some measure no more than a gallant defence, yet it made an impression almost equal to what a victory would have done. The plan which is now understood to be determined upon here for carrying on the war, is, to take a certain number of ports in America, in such a way as to command the trade of the country; and to have no other obje# in America than the maintaining of these posts, and the ruling of the trade by our fleets. The posts said to be fixed upon are Halifax, Penobfcot, New York, Portsmouth in Virginia, Charieftown, Savannah, and St Augustine; to accomplish which we imagine that you are now employed in taking Charieftown, and establishing a post at Portsmouth. These objects being accomplished, we understand

11,000 men are to be detached to the West Indies, which is to be the active feat of the war against the French and Spaniards. It is evident, that unless we can carry on an active and defensive war against them abroad, we can never succeed or do well. Last campaign we were all defensive, and every thing went badly with us. 1 never wish to fee such another campaign. We will be anxious, however, to know what our wife heads in America will think of this plan for the American war. To be sure, the more troops you can spare from thence, to drub the common enemies, the better; yet I fear the number mentioned is more than you can give, after putting the posts mentioned in a proper condition. A. Caufbeli.

Lieut, and Adj. Hugh Campbell, ad batt. 71st reg. Georgia."

Previous

Aug. 1780/ America: Jerseys;

Previous to the departure of Gen. Clinton from Charlestown [301.], the following arrangement took place till civil government be restored. The troops were left under Lt-Gen. Earl Cornwallis, as commander in chief; Brig.-Gen. Paterson was appointed Governor of the province of South Carolina; Lt-Col. Clarke was named to succeed Gen. Pre-voft in the command at Savannah; and the Hon. George Hanger of the 71st was appointed Major to the Continental militia taken in Charlestown, who are embodied; and of which corps. Major Patrick Ferguson, of the fame regiment, is Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant. — According to another account, the corps set under the command of Col. Ferguson was a regiment of militia (secretly well-affected to government) inhabiting the back parts of South Carolina, who, on hearing of the taking of Charlestown, seized their colonel, Thompson, their lieutenant-colonel, major, and other officers devoted to the Congress, and delivered them to the commander in chief, desiring themselves might be embodied under Col. Ferguson.

" Baltimore, June 10. OnWednesday last, Gen. Gates was appointed by Congress to the command of the southern ar-___ my.

Before Gen. Clinton’s return to New York [378.Gen. Knyphaufen made an incursion into the Jerseys, with about 5 or 6000 men, (leaving the militia and the independent companies to guard New York), and landed at Elifabcth-town point on the 5th of June. They advanced six or seven miles into the country, towards Morris-town, where Washington lay with his army, laid to consist of between 5 and 6000 men. Gen. Clinton, on his return from Charlestown, went and joined Knyphaufen. The camps of the two contending armies were not above eight miles distant. According to accounts received towards the end of August, Clinton had several times reconnoitred Wafiiington’s camp, and found it so strong, and judiciously formed, that unless he altered his pofi-tion, it would be hazardous to attack him. Several manoeuvres had been tried to draw Washington out, but without effect. Advanced and foraging parties had frequently engaged in trifling Ikir-mifhes; but Walhington’s army never made an attempt to act in any other Planner than on the defenfire. Vol.XLII.

Martial law, &c.' 425

A proclamation was issued, in the name of Joseph Reed, Esq; President, and the.Supreme Executive Council of Pennsylvania, dated at Philadelphia, June 9.; which, after reciting the refutation of assembly, impowering the Council to declare martial law [379.], proceeds thus: " And whereas, since the passing the said resolution, the Hon. Committee of Congress now with the army, and his Excellency the Commander in Chief, have, in the most pressing and cogent terms, represented the absolute ne« ceffity of procuring certain enumerated suppliesfor the army, in so short a space of time that the usual and ordinary forms must be dispensed with, or the requifi-tion remain unexecuted; and the late offensive movement of the enemy, of which certain intelligence has been just received, admits of no delay in procuring a number of horses and waggons to be forwarded with all expedition to camp: And whereas the indiscriminate admission of all strangers into this city, without examination or enquiry, enables our artful and inveterate enemy to introduce their spies and cmilTaries, distribute their counterfeit money, and by such like practices defeat the belt designs for the public welfare, and can no longer, with a due regard to our own safety, be permitted or connived at; for the preventing whereof, we have thought proper to direct an office of enquiry to be opened, and commissioners to be appointed, with power and authority to apprehend all suspicious persons, and take such other measures as the public safety may require: Wherefore, for the purposes aforesaid, and no farther at present, we have thought proper, and do hereby declare martial law; authorising and requiring the persons by us to be appointed, to proceed as they may be specially directed from time to time, to execute the purposes aforesaid. For all which this our proclamation shall be their sufficient warrant and authority.'*

In Gaine’s New-York Gazette of June 26. we fee the following two letters.

Gen. Pattifott to the Citizens of New

*Gentlemen, I take singular fa-tisfaltion in presenting you with a copy of a letter 1 have been honoured with, from the Commander in Chief, in order that the sense which his Excellency is pleased to entertain of your merits may be publicly known.

H Act

426 America: New-Yorkers, Proclamation, Act, See. VoL42.

As his Excellency Maj.-Gcn. Robert-so 11 has communicated to you the para*, graph of a letter from the Rt Hon. Lord George Germain, containing his Majesty’s royal approbation of your loyal and spirited behaviour, it is unnecessary for me to recite the contents of one of the fame date which I have had the honour to receive from his Lordship.

It may be further presumed, that the report I have thought myself bound to make of the readiness with which you have since assisted on different occasions, in carrying on the public service, will be no less acceptable than my former one.

I have the honour to be. c.

Gen. Clinton to Maj.-Gcn.

mandant of the city of New York.

" Head Quarters, June ao. Sir, Permit me to offer you my thanks For your great attention to the good discipline of the garrison, and to the safety and welfare of the city of New York, during my absence on expedition.

The zeal testified by the inhabitants to oppose the enemy, evinces the confidence and esteem you had merited from them, as well as a courage and loyalty highly to be respetf ed.

I request, Sir, that you will make known to them, that I am fcnlible of their merit, and of the additional claim they have acquired to protection and support from his Majesty’s arms. —I have the honour to be, Scc.’’ The assembly of the state of Maflhchu-sets bay was prorogued on the 5th of May, — In their late sessions acts were passed, — to indemnify, and secure from

}>rofecution in law, persons who by their audable exertions under the late government of the King of G. Britain have involved themselves in actions of damage, and other prosecutions, in certain cases.

— making provision for calling in, to be destroyed, this state’s quota, according to the present appointment, of all the public bills of credit which have been emitted by Congress, and for making and emitting, on the credit of this state, other bills of credit, not to exceed the sura of 460,0001. and for establishing funds sufficient to secure the redemption of the bills so emitted by the last day of December 1786, as recommended by a resolution of Congress of the 18th of March in the present year, and in conformity thereto; also for paying annually, in specie, the infereft arising on not^s which

have been issued upon the credit of the province, colony, or now state of Massachufet’s-bay, promising to be paid in gold or silver.

— for enquiring into the rateable property of this state.'

— to supply the treasury with a Fum of

1,000,0001.

— to supply the treasury with a futh of 49,830 k

— to incorporate and establish a society for the cultivation and promotion of the arts and sciences.

— for apportioning and aiTefling a tax of 5,601,0x51. 6 8. yd. upon the several towns and other places in this state herein after named, for defraying the public charges, and for carrying into execution the resolve of Congress of the 18th of March 1780; and also for assessing a tax of 35,4441. 108. paid the members of the House of Representatives, for their travel and attendance in the general court the two last fittings in the present year.

— for granting or confirming certain privileges to the subjects of the Most Christian King residing within this state.

The Marquis de la Fayette, who has been fume time in France on a furlough from Congress, returned about the beginning of May, to resume his command in the American army; and high compliments have passed reciprocally between his Lordship, Gen. Walhington, and Congress.

The French admiral De Ternay, with seven fail of the line, several frigates, and transports, said to have on board 6000 land-forces, entered the harbour of Newport, Rhode island, on the *ith of July.

A proclamation appeared in the Boston papers, in the name of, and signed by, the major part of the council of the state of MassachufctVbay, dated, July xv 1780, in the 5th year of the independence of the United States of America; which, after mentioning their having received authentic intelligence of the arrival of the French fleet at Newport, and that it was of the last importance that Gen, Walhington should be prepared immediately to co-operate with the forces of their illustrious ally, proceeds thus: Therefore the brigadiers and superintendents of the several counties in this ltate, and all militia-oflficers, fele&men, and committees, are respectively called upon, in the mo(k pre fling manner, as

Aug. 178°. America: Arrival of fleet* from Europe, &c. 427

the7 regard the honour and safety of then- country, and a* they would avoid the penalty of the law, to cause the battalion and militia men that they have been ordered to enlist or draft, and which have not marched, to march with the utmost dispatch to the places of rendezvous respectively assigned them: and the committee appointed to superintend the purchasing provision and forage for the army, all commissaries and others employed in the business of purchasing supplies, are also required to forward, with all possible expedition, said supplies, to such places as Gen. Washington or the Commissary-general may from time to time direct. And all merchants, husbandmen, and others, who are possessed of any articles necessary for the army, are earnestly requeued, as they regard their own and their country’s interest, cheerfully to dispose of the same to the persons appointed by government topur-ehafe them; and all the towns and plantations, collectors and constables, are a-Kke called upon punctually to pay and render into the treasury of this Itate, their respective taxes, that the present opportunity may be improved to free the United States from the terrors of war."

Advice was received at the admiralty, Ang. 25. by the Carteret packet, of the safe arrival of Adm. Graves, and the fleet under his command, at New York.

[i-3

After this junction the state of the fleets in those parts was said to be thus. Adm. Arbuthnot had one ship of 74 guns, and two of 64 each; Adm. Graves had fix ships of the line, all copper-bottomed; M. dc Ternay had only seven of the line. Adm. Arbuthnot had, besides the Renown, of fifty guns, three of 44, three of 3a, and eight other frigates; and Adm. Graves had fix frigates, in all St: against which Dc Ternay had only three frigates.

The French account of the actions of April 17. and May 15. and 19. in the West Indies, [*57, 303.], was published, by authority, in the Gazette of France of July 11. It differs no otherwise materially from that published in the London Gazette, except in claiming the victory.

The French make their lof9 to be thus. — Killed, 11 officers, 59 fubahern officers and soldiers, and 88 Teamen; Wounded, 28 officers, 196 fubalurn officers and

soldiers, and 596 Teamen: In all 15 killed, and 810 wounded. Total 978.

On our fide there were killed 188, and wounded 646; in all 834. [258,304.} The flight which Adm. Rodney counterfeited as a means of bringing the French to action, the French Admiral has represented as a real flight. " The Count de Guichen, judging he should bt able to determine Adm. Rodney to come to action, brought up his fleet, and fed him thret days. The fleets were then

[the 15th] to the southward of St Lucia, with the wind at East; but the wind veering to the S. B. and S. S. E. gave the enemy the advantage."

Advice was received from Adm. Rodney, by a ship which arrived about the sift of July, that the grand Spanish fleet* confuting of xi fail of the line, besides frigates, with near 100 transports, and

10,000 troops, which failed from Cadiz in April last, under the command of Don Solano, effected a junction with the French fleet under M. de Guichen, in the West Indies, about the middle of June; and that the combined fleet were in Prince Rupert’s bay in Dominica when the advice ship failed from St Lucia. Adm. Rodney Tent notice of this junction to Jamaica: in consequence of which, an intended imbarkation of troops, to be commanded by the Governor irt person, to reinforce Col. Polfon, was laid aside, and martial law was proclaimed in the island. '

Adm. Rodney writes to the admiralty, from on board the Sandwich, Bassa-terre road, St Christopher’s, July 31. that Mr Walsingham, with the troops from England, joined him on the 12th of that month. 1

Vice-Adm. Sir Peter Parker, in a letter to the Admiralty, dated, Port-Royal harbour, April 7. gives the following account.—* The 25th of last month the Janus arrived, much damaged in her and hull, with an account from Capt. Cornwallis, that, on the 20th pa ft in the morning, off Monti Chrish, he fell in with four fail of French ships of the line and a frigate with a number of merchant ships under their convoy. Our ships, confuting of the Lion of 64, Bristol of 50, and Janus of guns, formed the line ahead; and were chafed by the French, who came within gun-fiiot at five o’clock in the evening, and a running fight was maintained during the Whole night; the enemy not chusing to 3 H go

i

428 America: Bahama islands, Jamaica, &c. Vol. 42j

go alongside of our lhip9, though they had it in their power. The morning of the 11st was calm; and the Janus being near the French Commodore, kept up a constant and well-directed fire, which obliged him ^o take the advantage of a light air of wind to ffieer olf, with the loss of his mizen-top mast and fore-top-gallant-mast. The Lion and Bristol towed with their boats to the aftiltance of the Janus, which brought on a general firing for two or three hours. The remainder of the day was employed by the enemy in repairing their damages; and, just before sunset, they made fail again after our ships; but did not come within gun-lhot the whole night. Soon after daylight on Wednesday morning, the aid, Capt. Cornwallis saw three fail to leeward. Which he imagined, and afterwards found, to be the Ruby, and the Niger and Pomona frigates. The French immediately hauled their wind, and Capt. Cornwallis chafed them for five hours; but they declined the combat, notwithstanding the Janus was disabled, and Capt. Cornwallis had only two 64 and one 50 gun ship to oppose to four fail of the enemy’s line of 74 guns each, under the command, as 1 have since been informed, of M.dela Motte Piquet. The names of the French ftiips are, the Hannibal, Hero, Var.queur, Diadem, and Amphytrite frigate. The French fired so injudiciously that there were only twelve men kiiled and wounded in our three ships. The marked conduct and intrepidity of Capt. Cornwallis, and all the officers and men under his command, will, I flatter myfelt, give entire satisfaction to their Lordiliips. Capt. Cornwallis expresses himself much obliged to Capt. Pakenhain, (now acting in the Bristol, in the room of Capt. Caulfield, lick on (bore), for his great attention and diligence during the whole time of the action, and all'o all the officers and seamen of the three ships, who behaved with the greatest spirit and good order. Capt. Glover, he laid, was very ill, and died on Tuesday morning, in the very hour he so ardently willitd to fee."

A11 address from the council and general assembly of the Bahama islands, dated, New Providence, April 17.1780, to the King, runs thus. — YVe, your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal subjects, the Council and AiUtnbs, of your Bahama islands, in Gcm ral Assembly convened, having lately experienced a very ddtiu-

guishing proof of your paternal good* ness, in so graciously hearing and so speedily redressing our grievances, cannot omit the earliest opportunity of expressing our just and great sense thereof, and at the same time transmitting to your Majesty our most bumble and grateful acknowledgements, for removing Montford Browne, Esq; from the government of these islands, and appointing Col. Maxwell to preside over us; whose conduit, since his arrival here, gives us the most pleating expectations of seeing your Majesty’s service advanced, and law, safety, and good order restored to this community."

" Kingston, June 10. A cenotaph of

marble, highly executed by the celebrated artilt Mr Wilton, of the Royal Academy of London, was last week erclted on the north fide of the communion-table, in the church of St Jago de la Vega, to the memory of our late worthy and much respected Governor, Sir Bazil Keith, Kt.

It conlifts of a rich ornamental architectural niche, between two fluted statuary pilalters, with enriched frize pediment and cornice. Within the niche, which is of the finest dove-coloured marble, is an emblematical figure of Immortality, founding a trumpet, and holding a wreath over an urn of white marble, and upon which the family-arms are em-boffid. Beneath the urn, are trophies signifying Justice, Policy of Commerce and Government. The height of the pediment is nearly fifteen feet, and the ornamental parts being mostly executed in alto relievo, produce a fine effect. Under the trophies is fixed a plate of black marble, upon which is the following inscription in letters of gold.

Sacred to the Memory of Sir Basil Keith, Knight, Govemcn of Jamaica,

Who departed this liic on the 15th day of June 1777-In the duties of Ins office he was assiduous. Wife and impartial in the administration of justice;

A friend to mankind, and a father to the people over whom he presided.

This monument was eic<sted by the Affcm-bly, to transmit to poftenty the gratitude of the people of this island, for the hap-pim l> ihey enjoyed under his mild and upright government."

Aug. 1780.

Tie E X I L E:

A description of the Situation of a Scottish gentleman v/bo was obliged to leave his country 1746.

Here, ’midst the ruins of a fallen state.

The once fam’d Tiber rolls hisfcaoty wave. Where half a column now derides the great,* Where half a statue yet records the brave; With trembling steps an Exile wander’d near, In Scouifh weeds his fhrivell'd limbs array’d; His furrowed check was cross’d with many a tear,

And frequent sighs his wounded foul betray’d. Oh! wretch ! be cry’d, that like some troubled ghost

Art doom’d to wander round this World of woe, While memory speaks of joys for ever loft.

Of peace, of comfort, thou haft ceas’d to know!

Tbcfe are the seenes, with fancy’d charms endow’d,

Where happier Britons, casting pearls away. The tools of found, of empty trifles proud.

Far from the land of bliis and freedom stray. Wou'd that, for yonder dome, these eyes could fee

The wither’d oak that crowns my native hill! These urns let ruin waste; but give to me The tuft that trembles o'er its lonely rill.

Oh ! sacred haunts ! and is the hillock green That law our infant sports beguile the day ? £till are our feats of fairy fafbion seen

Oi is my little throne of mols away

Had but Ambition, in this tortur’d breast,

Ne'er fought to rule beyond the humble plain. Where mild dependence holds the vaftal blest. Where faith and friendship fix the chieftain’s reign;

Thus had I liv'd the life my fathers led; [be;

The»r name, their family, had not ceas’d to And thou, Monimia! on thy earthy bed ! — My name, my family, what were thcle to tbcc !—

Three little moons had seen our growing love Since fiift Monimia join'd her hand to mine;

Three little moons had seen us blest above All that enthufuft hope cou’d e'er divine. Urg’d by the brave, by fancy’d glory warm’d, lo treason hon« ft, if ’twas treason here,

For rights suppos’d, my native band 1 arm’d, And join’d the standard Charles had dar'd to rear.

Fated we fought: my gallant vaftals fell;

But fav’d their matter in the bloody strife; Their coward matter, who could live to tell He saw them fall, yet tamely fufifer’d life. Let me not think—but, ah ! the thought will rife,

Still in my whirling brain its horrors dwell. When pale and trembling, with uplifted eyes, Mommia faintly breath'd a list faxcwcl I

4*9

They come," (he said; " fly, fly these ruthless foes.

And save a life in which Monimia lives; Believe me, Hinry, light are all her woes. Except what Henry’s dreaded purpose gives. And would'ft thou die, and leave me thus forlorn,

And blast a life the root! inhuman spare;

Ob ! live in pity to the babe unborn.

That stirs within me to aftift my prayer!* What could I do ? Contending passions drove. And press'd my bosom with alternate weight. Unyielding honour, soft persuasive love—

I fled, and left her—left her to her fate.

Fast came the ruffian band; no melting charm. That e’er to suffering beauty Nature gave. The ruthless rage of Party can disarm;

Thy tears, Monimia, wanted pow'r to lave. She, and the remnant of her weeping train. Whole faithful love still link’d them to her fide.

Torn from their dwelling, trod the deleft plain. No hut to Ihelter, and no hapd to guide. Thick drove its fiiow before the wintty wind. And midnight darknels wrapp’d the heath they past.

Save one lad gleam, that, blazing far behind. The ancient mansion of my father’s fast. Calmly (he saw these mouldering ruins glare:

II ’ ris past, all righteous God! 'tis past," (be

cry’d;

" But for my Henry hear my latest pray’r!" — Big was her bursting heart—(he groan'd, and dy’d !—

Still, in my dreams, I fee her form confeft’d. Sailing, in robes of light, the troubl'd Iky !— And loon, (lie whifpert, shall my Henry rest— And dimly finding, points my place to die 1 I hear that voice, I fee that pale hand wave;

1 come once more to view roy native shore; Stretch’d on Montmia’s long-neglected grave. To dafp the fod, and feel my woes no moie!

MAXIMS.

L

GEntlc manners, virtoooos lives.

Make easy husbands, happy wives. These are the only means we lusow To make a little heav’n below. W. O.

II.

A Ngry manners, vicious lives,

Jt\ Make wretched husbands, coded wives. And hence such evil* take their birth.

As make a little hell on earth. W. O.

IIL

TWO easy things will satisfy mankind.

An easy fortune, and an easy mind:

But the one thing that gives a man content. Is a good confcicocc, from a life well spent.

W. O. Occasionei

POETICAL ESSAYS.

II

43®

Oecajkned by seeing Co ft kg i o’* Picture of MsjICVEY teaching Cupid to retd.

By Mr Richerdson, fenter.

THE bow and arrows, and a dove,

'Were once enough for Cupid thought, Till Mercury was Tent by Jove,

For Venus pray’d he might be taught.

Taught! what? To read. But why to read

Love knows the language of the eye;

Mo other learning does he need.

Nor can be cheated by a lie.

Bis (kilful mother better knew;

She saw what times were coming on;

Bis darts muQ now be tip’d anew;

For love is mercenary grown.

Fancy not then that Mercury

Did from Olympus* top difmouot.

To teach the god his A, B, C No! no! it was to call account.

Bot have a care, thou filly boy

For *tis a most pernicious art;

, If learnt, it will thy power destroy;

The Tongue may love, but not the Heart.

A term HUNTING-SONG.

SEE Phoebus begins to enliven the Ead,

And fee the gay dawn wears away;

Come, roufir, fellow buotfinan, reliuuuidi dull rest.

And join in the sports of the day.

No longer in sloth let your (enfet remain, Untainted the sweets of the morn;

Drive (lumber away, and make one in our traio.

To follow the found of the horn.

'What music to ours can for sweetnest com-Dare,

What (ports such a pteafiire can yield

What (cent so resin’d as the new morning air

What prospect so bright as the field

Let misers for riches each transport forego, ’Midd their treasures didreft’d and forlorn. We taste ev’ry joy, and forget ev’ry woe,

So charming the found of the horn.

Such pleasures we feel white from vanity free, Our hours pass contented along;

In innocent pastime, in mirth, and in glee. With a hearty repad and a song.

Te mortals unbiafs’d by honours and wealth. Theft titles that sorrow adorn,

Would you taste the calm joys of contentment and health,

Then follow the found of the horn.

EPITAPH, on an elegant marble monument in a

Church at Rome.

V1R PROBUS.

With the name and date.

V0I.4*.

ADDRESS to Lady CftAVKN*! [381.)

NO wonder, little fluttering thing,

That you (b soon should leap, and spring,

To Cr A v ft n V fair and beauteous bread. Where Gods themselves would wish to red!

But tell me, Trifler, tell me, why You could from such a anansion fir.

Where ev’ry virue you’d in store

Mifcr—what could you wish for mote

Say, did you long at will to roam.

And quite for ft Ice your native home

Or bad you been too close confin’d,

And (or sweet liberty you pin’d

Oh! had I found you in some grove,

Caftct of friend ship, and of love!

I’d place thee, wand’ring heart 2—by mine; Uniting both with friendship’s twine:

Of such a jewel — ftfc pofltd.

Not worlds should (ear thee from my bread: Exulting round the rural plains,

Boast of the prize — to nymphs and fwaios.

But hush!—my rudic muse !—nor dare To willi a friend so great, so fair;

For vain will all those wiflies prove.

Then hide thee in thy lonclv grove

But if fair Craven e’er should dray.

By my lone cottage bend her way.

I’d lead her to my (hady feat.

And lay my heart, too—at her feet!

W’hich, if lhe’d condescend to view.

She’d find it condant, firm, and true;

To welcome her with many a bound,

’Twoukl leap with joy,—and dance arouod!

OLIVIA the humble Cottager.

STANZAS to NIGHT.

HAIL, lucid Night! thy grisly black A (sids each thief to nil histfack;

While Morpheus, lounging, drowsy god,

Has feat all honed men to nod.

Hail, dar-deck’d Night! thy lucid beams Silver o’er the bubbling dieams:

The youths now softly (trike the lyre;

The god of Love their foogs inspire.

Hail, frigid Night! thy chilling breezes On the vital current seizes,

Uutil of wine a flowing bowl Expands to mirth the frozen foul.

Hail, sultry Night! thou friend to Love,

Thy potent heat the pulses move;

Thy warmth the poet's head doth fill.

And vibrates quick the goose’s quill.

Hail, Aormy Night! thy roaring thunder Makes us mortals dare and wonder;

With vivid lightning dames the (kv.

The pelting hail-donet round us fly.

Then hot or cold, or black or bright.

Or fair or foul, hail, goddess Night!

With this salute I'll close my lay.

For yonder dawns the biufh of Day.

H*

Hl-

POETICAL ESSAYS.

Aug. 2 760* Affairs in Persia, Turky, and Russia. 43 s

HISTORICAL AFFAIRS.

Persia.

" Ptterfburg, Afar 16. A letter from

Aftracan of the 14th of April lad, confirms an account formerly received, of the city of Tauris, in Persia, and fevc-ral villages in its environs, being entirely destroyed by an earthquake; and adds, that scarcely 700 persons bad saved their lives/*

T U R K Y.

* Leghorn, May30. According to the

last letters from Smyrna, the plague, which broke out lately in the quarter of the Greeks in that city, continues daily to carry off a number of people; and the lands in the environs are not yet freed of the locusts, which increase, and destroy all the fruits.’*

" Vienna, July 6. We have accounts from Constantinople, that that city is thrown into the greatclt confirmation, by the plague breaking out again, info-much that 00,000 of the inhabitants have left that capital.*

" Con float inoplty May 4. The head of a person hath lately been struck off, of whose country and religion we were totally ignorant, but in other respects he was perfectly known for employing himself principally in the relief and care of the poor, especially of prisoners and Oaves. This man spoke the Turkifti and Greek languages fluently, and was believed to be a Mahometan. He had had no other occupation for a long time than that of begging alms of persons of every nation, and distributing them in-discriminatcly among Turks, Greeks, Armenians, Jews, &c. The houses of the great eft part of the grandees of this empire were open to him; and the chiefs of the law took a pleasure in the conversation of a man, whose talents were excellent, and his knowledge in controversy profound, especially in the funda-mentalsof the Mahometan religion. The Grand Vi fir having heard frequent mention made of this person, and curious to know whether he was really a Turk or not, lent for him, and asked him, if he was a Turk and a Mahometan ? to which he replied, he was a Turk, and retired. But, five days afterwards he $amc again voluntarily into the presence of the Grand Vifir, and boldly avowed, * That he had falsely declared himself

to be a Turk, R9 be was really a Christian, and a disciple of the Lord Jefua Clnift." In consequence of which declaration the Grand Vifir ordered hi* head to be publicly struck off immediately.*

Russia. [271.3

The Emperor of Germany has made a tour to Moscow. His Majesty set out from Vienna, on the 26th of April, pursued his journey through Poland, and arrived at Brody on the 21st of May, and at Mohilow on the 23d; at which place the Empress of Russia, who was then on a tour through part of her dominions, arrived on the 25th. Count Cobtnzel presented him to the Empress by the title of Count Falkenflein, After a residence of five days at that place, their Imperial Majestiet. supped the 30th at Schklow, a country-feat of Gen. So-ritz, and then proceeded together to Smolenfko. Thence the Empress continued her route, and the Emperor proceeded to Moscow. His Majesty arrived at Petersburg on the 28th of June, passed the day following with the Em«i press at Czarfko-Zelo, returned in the evening to his apartments at Count Co-bemcrl’s, and went next day again to Czarfko Zelo. After having seen every, thing worthy his curiosity, in Peters-burg, and its neighbourhood, his Majesty set out thence on the aoth of July, and arrived at Vienna, in perfect health, on the 23d of August.

The courts of Copenhagen and Stockholm have delivered their declaration* to the belligerent powers, setting forth their aectlfion to the maritime affocia-tion propofld by the court of Russia for the protection of the neutral trade, [212, 270.]

The declaration of the court of Copenhagen is dated July 8. After a proper introduction, letting forth the ne-ccflity there was for coming to the resolution of protecting the trade and navigation of the neutral powers, it goes on in thrfe words.

" If the rights of neutrality are fa* cred, and if the laws of nations, founded on impartiality, established by cu* itom, and avowed by all countries, are of any weight, no neutral nation should by a war between other powers lose the rights it pnflefied before that war. Such nation is authorised to trade to all parts of Europe, as if there was a general

peaces

1

43* Affairs In Russia*' Vo!. 42.

peace, (contraband traffick excepted). The King desires nothing beyond what neutrality allows; this is his rule, and that of his people; and his Majesty not thinking it right that any belligerent power should interrupt the trade of his ©dates, he therefore lays before them the principles he ever has maintained, and ever will, in conjunction with the Empress of Russia, whose sentiments are the fame with his, viz. x. That neutral vessels shall fail from port to port, and on the coasts of nations at war. 2. That the eflbCts belonging to neutral powers shall be free in neutral vessels, except contraband goods. 3. That under the denomination of contraband goods is understood only what is expressly mentioned as such in the 3d article of his Majesty’s treaty of commerce with G. Britain in 1670, and in the 36th and 27th of his treaty with France in 1742; and the King will keep to the fame with regard to any powers with whom he is not now in treaty. 4. That by a blocked-up port is understood one into which no vessel can enter without evident danger from the ships placed to block it up. 5. That these principles shall serve as rules for trials in courts of admiralty,’’ &c. The declaration then Concludes with saying, that it is his Majesty’s determination to protect the honour of his flag, and the freedom of the trade and navigation of his fub-ject9; and that he has for that purpose fitted out part of his naval force.

The declaration of the court of Sweden is to the following purport.

" Since the beginning of the present war, his Majesty, the King of Sweden, has laid it down as a law to observe the strictest neutrality, and has kept up to the fame: notwithstanding which, his trading subjects have been obliged to claim his protection; in consequence of which, his Majesty prepared to fit out a certain number of ships of war for the protection of the Swedish trade; of which his Majesty gave notice to the belligerent powers. Whilst this was going forward, some other neutral powers, who were of the fame way of thinking, gave notice of the same to the King, and at the same time the Empress of Russia delivered a declaration to the courts of London, Versailles, and Madrid, making known her determination to protect the-.trade of her own subjects, and the general rights of neutral -powers The King found

the ground-work of this declaration fe entirely agreeable to his own ideas, and the treaty of 1 666between Sweden and

England, and that between Swedeo and France, that he could do no other than agree to it, and adopt the fame. The treaty concludes by declaring, that his Majesty will continue to observe the fame neutrality he always has; that he has forbid any of his subjects, under the severest penalties, from, deviating in any respect from the principle of the strictest neutrality; but that he will to the utmost protect their lawful trade, so long as they conform to the principles already laid down."

An explanation has been demanded by the court of Sweden, relative to this system of neutrality, and an answer has

been given by the court of Russia.-----

We subjoin the answer to each question, viz.

Question 1. How and in what manner a reciprocal protection and mutual assistance shall be given

Answer, This mud be settled by a formal convention, to which all the neutral powers will be invited; the principal end of which is, to insure a free navigation to the merchant-ships of all nations. Whenever such vessel shall have proved from its papers that it carries no contraband goods, the protection of a squadron or vessels of war shall be granted her, under whose care (he shall put her-self, and which shall prevent her being interrupted.

Quest. 2. Whether each particular power shall be obliged to protect the general commerce of the whole, or if in the mean time it may employ a part of its armament in the protection of its own particular commerce

Anf. Each power mult concur in the general security of commerce. In the meantime, the better to accompli fli this object, it will be necessary to settle, by means of a separate article, the places and distances which may be judged proper for the station of each power. From that method will arise this advantage, that all the squadrons of the allies will form a kind of chain, and be able to aG-fist each other; the particular arrangement to be confined only to the knowledge of the allies, though the convention in all other pointB will be communicated to the powers at war, accompanied with all the protcltations of a strict neutrality,

Q«'P. j.

Aug. 17S0. Affair* in Roffia and Germany. ., 433

Qftft. 3. If sevenl of these combined (i^uadrons should meet, or, for example, one or more of their vessels, what shall !>e the rule of their conduit towards each other, and how far shall the neutral pro-tedion extend

Anf. It is undoubtedly the principle of a perfect equality which mult regulate this point. We shall follow the common mode with regard to safety. In case the iquadrons should meet and engage, the commanders will conform to the u fa gee of the sea-service; because, as is observed above, the reciprocal protection, under these conditions, should be unlimited.

Quest.4. It seems eflTential to agree upon the manner in which representa-tionslhall be made to the powers at war, if, notwithstanding our measures, their ships of war or armed velfds should continue to interrupt our commerce in any manner. Must these remon ft ranees be made in the general name of the united powers, or shall each particular power plead its own cause only

Anf. It seems expedient that the repre-fentations mentioned in this article be made by the party aggrieved; and that the ministers of the other confederate powers support those remonstrances in the mott forcible and efficacious manner.

Quest.5. Lastly, it appears essentially necessary to provide against this possible event, where one of the united powers seeing itself driven to extremities against any of the powers actually at war, should claim the affiltance of the allies in this convention to do her justice; in what manner can this be best concerted ? A circumstance which equally requires a Imputation, that the reprifels in that case shall not be at the will of such party injured, but that the common voice shall decide; otherwise an individual power might at its pleasure draw the rest against their inclinations and interests into difa-greeable extremities, or break the whole league, and reduce matters into their o-rigmal state, which would render the whole fruitless and of no eftelt.

Anf. We feel all the importance of this confederation; and, to render it clear, it is necessary to distinguish the case.

If any one of the allied powers should faffer itself to be drawn in by motives contrary to the established principles of neutrality and perfect impartiality, and Vpi.XUl.

should injure its laws, or extend their boonds, it cannot certainly be expelled, that the others should ripoufe the quarrel; on the contrary, such a conduit ‘ would be deemed an abandoning the ties which unite them. But if the insult of- . fered to one of the allies should be bo* t stile to the principles adopted and announced in the face of all Europe, or should be marked with the character of hatred and animosity, inspired byrefenl-ment of these common measures of the confederacy, which have no other ten- , dency than to make, in a predfe and irrevocable manner, laws for the liberty of commerce, and the rights of ev^ry, neutral nation, then it shall be held indispensable for the united powers to make a common cause of it, at lea only, without its being a ground-work for other opera-; tions, as these connections arc purely maritime, having no other objedfc than. naval commerce and navigation.

From all that is said above, it evident- lyrefults, that the common will of all, founded upon the principles admitted and adopted by the contracting parties,; must alone decide, and that it will always be the fixed balls of the conduit and operations of this union. Fihally, we shall observe, jhat these conventions suppose no other naval armament than what shall be conformable to cincumftan-ces, according as those shall render them necessary, or as may be agreed. It is probable that this agreement, once ratified and established, will be of the great-eft consequence; and that the belligerent powers will find in it sufficient motives to persuade them to respect the neutral flag, and prevent their provoking the re-fentment of a respectable communion, founded under the auspices of the most evident justice, and the foie idea of which' is received with the universal applause of all impartial Europe.

Germany. [43.]

" Wat saw, Aug. 3. We have received

afflicting accounts from Austrian Moldavia, that the locusts which appeared in Autumn last in the distrilt of Herza, in that province, having then depo6ted their eggs, they now appear in a thousand times greater number than last year, and are two inches long. They arc divided into three formidable armies: the first extends seven leagues in length, and nine in breadth, from Herza to Potu-fljan: the second extends from Roman 3 I

4^4. Affalrs io Swit^}a#4^od Itafy. VoU4>

to the JDanube, which is about eight leagues; and the third from Jafly to BertVabia. They have destroyed all the grass, fruit, and even leaves of the forest-trees; but have not yet touched the vines or the wheat. They are as yet too young to fly; and if, when they rife,' th£ wind fet8 towards Austrian Moldavia, that fine country will be ruined.*

Switzerland.

* Zurichy Junei. Mr J. H. Wafer, kfte mlriifter of the cVurch in this town, was beheaded here on the 27th Iaft month. His crime was treason, in having inserted in the pofitical correspondence of M. Schoffer, professor at Got* tinghen, certain pieces with notes, relative to the administration of this canton, which have been declared dangerous to the state, as tending to excite sedition.

See. He was further charged with having detained a document of the 15th century, belonging to our public archives, and of great value, of which the town Secretary, who had confided it to him, had in vain demanded the restitution."

Italy.

r4< Parity July18. We have received the following account gf the eruption of Mount Etna.

Towards the end of last January, many (hocks of an earthquake were felt in different parts of Sicily; and from that time the summit of Mount Etna was observed to fend forth a thick smoke, which usually extended east ward; and soon after a new eminence wasdifeovered, which was visible at the distance of fifty miles, and which was a manifest sign of a local explosion. On the 28th of March, and 8th of April, the earthquakes were renewed, and with greater violence, in a diced!Lon from north to south; and the smoke of the volcano increased so much, that on the 28th of April it was seen riling from the crater in the form of a strait pine, the head of which was hid in the clouds, calling small fragments of pumice stones for twenty miles round; and in this state it continued till the 17th of May, when the smoke suddenly cea* fed.

On the 18th, about noon, the mountain received a violent (hock, accompanied by a subterraneous noise, and at fix o*co k in the evening, opened at the foot of an old extinguished volcano, call*

ed Mount Fru<n<ntp, j&egr the cqufioAi

of the second region of Etna. burff forth like a river, an^l falling into a neighbouring valley, called del Udi^n* za, it ran the space of half a league in an, instant in the plain del Carpintcro and delle Mandre del Favo, and from thence precipitated into the valley del Nevq, where it rose to the height of 100 feejL At, nine o’clock the mountain opened in two places lower down, on the ground named li Scoperti Dipatcrno. The openings being very near each other, soon fell into one, the fire of which bent west-ward, where the first lava flowed, and the three joined in the plain de Santi, and ran together for the third part of a mile, when the first separated again. and continued its course alone in the valley del Udieuza, where it still flows, though more slowly than at first, threatening dc-struction to del Melia and the land du Cavalier, belonging to the Benedictines* of Catania.

The two other lavas bent their course towards Mont Parmentejli, the base which they surrounded, forming an inclosure near two miles in breadth, and-from thence parted on the east fide- of Mont del Mazzo, extending along the vineyards of Ragalua, and after having, flowed three leagues flopped ou the 25th of May. The greatest extension of this branch was in breadth about a mile, and five feet in height.

On the night of the 26th, a new opening was made at the foot of Moot Par-mentelli in the middle of the lava. This volcano, for the space of an hour, threw up stones of a prodigious size, and to A very great height. The fire at length, gained a passage, and divided into two branches, one of which flowed to the weft of Mont del Mazzo, which it inclosed; the other directed its course thro* the woods and vineyards of Regalua* where it extended about a league.

At the end of five days the fire teem-, ed to abate; it advanced, very slowly, but its approaches soon hecarne more fenftble; and on the 5th of this mooth it flowed in such quantities from the iaft. opening, that the arm of the lava, which was then but thirty feet wide, was in*, creased to fifty in half an hour, and it continues to this day with the fame violence: but as the top of the lava is cool* ed, it now flows on its. surface, rising to the height of thirty feet, turning it up on the fides; fa that if tfic resistance it

Afag. 17 80.

ineets with checks its progress, it in^-creafea it exceedingly in breadth, and produces the fame destructive cortfe-quctices.

On the surface of this lava, they have Dbfcrved through its whole extent, balls of fire of various colours, according to the different quantities of bitumen, ful-phur, arsenic, and vitriol, of which the ttiafs is composed; and with which, ac: Cording to the analytis made by the Chy-tttifts, they abound.

The damage caused by the present eruption is estimated at 40,000 Sicilian Crowns; but it is feared that it will be rrtuch more considerable very soon, the lava (till directing its course towards

Affair* til Ral/ and England.

4fS

coffee imported by the East-India company in the shipEuropa, in 1775.

/In act for continuing in the Pffejjimqf the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East for a ther time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately ob-

tained in the East Indies, and so> reviving, and continuing for a further time, fu muck of an act 13° Geo. Ill. "for ctrthin regulations fur the better mange-thint of the affairs ftheIndia c>mua-

tiy, as "well in India as in Europe, as hath expired in the course of and for indemnifying the said company for any money they have paid or may pay or about the building of three of the linf4

Paterno, froth which it is now only eight for the of the public L41. 338.]

iftileS distant, and this country is the rich- An act to explain and amend two alls 159 tft and belt cultivated of any about Mount fs 160 Geo. III. with respect the of Etna." the Greenland and Davis's

There was a lustrum, of numbering and the J'tas adjacent; to

of the people, in Rome, on the 24! h of large the time for the return the vsffek June; when it appeared there were in employed in the

fhat city 15$,184 inhabitants, of whom were 36,485 housekeepers. In this number Were included 3847 monks, 2827 fc-Cular prieffs, 1910 nuns, 1065 students, I476 almlhonfe-poor, 7 negroes, and 52 bersons not Romans. The numbers born from June 24. I7?9» to June 24. 1780, Were 4218, and the burials 7181.

E O L A M B. [386.]

If he royal allent was given to the fol-

lowing bills.

for the

An act for continuing the encouragement and reward of per font making certain dtfco-' verieifor finding the longitude at Of,

making other useful discoveries ments in navigation, and for making expe± riments relating thereto.

An act to impuwer his Majesty to pro hi bit the exportation, and to she car*

coastmfe, of copper in , or copper in for a limited time.

An act to vest certain me fudges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in,

Tothefe,by commission, July 3. viz. fir the his Majesty s dock.

An act for raising a further Jurn of mo- ships, and storts,

One police bill, which does not relate to Scotland, and five private bills.

To theft, by commission, July 5. viz. An act for enabling his Majesty to roifi the sum of one million, for the uses and pur-poj'es therein

act for gt anting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out if the sinking; and for applying certain , therein

for the service of the year 1780; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this of parliament.

An act for appointing and enabling com-to , take, and jlate, the

public accounts of the and to re-

07. port what balances are in the hands

An act to repeal ft much cf an act 130 count acts, which may be appl.cd to the 140 Car.11, its restrains the removal of bite service, and what defects there are in

ii’o d, and other articles, to certain times the present mode of receiving, and hours therein mentioned. and for public

An act for grantingfu> ther time for a I- and in what mote expeditious, and f-

Itruing fht dftiV'bick on the txpfo DUotiof ft dual, and left expensive

3 1 a J'evxct

ney, by loans, or exchequer-bills service of the year 1780.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional ditfles upon Jljrch and hair-powder imported, and upon Jlarch made in Great Britain, and upon fwcets.

An act for repealing an act *9n Geo. III. *k for granting to his Majesty certain duties

on licences to be taken out by all persons letting horses to hire for travelling in the her therein mentioned, and certain duties on all horj'es let to hire fir the purpoj'cs of travelling poftAnd by t, and upon certain

t&rriages therein mentioned [41. a 74-3 / and fir granting other duties in lieu

436 Affiurs in England. V0U41.

ferrices can in future bt regulated and -

tied on for the benefit of the public. £191.3 An act to indemnify such persons as have afied in the suppref'um of the late riots and tumults in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and borough f and for the prefer vation of the public

And to one, by the King, July 8. viz. An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience vahich may arise to the Jbcriffi,

gaolers, fuitorstprisoner or , by the prisoners in the gaols in the

counties of Middlesex and and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and infur re {lions.

£Of upwards of sixty private bills passed this fession, only one seems to relate to Scotland, one of the five to which the royal assent was given, July 3. viz. An act for vtjiing certain manors ond hereditaments situate in the county of Lincoln ( by the will cf Thomas HumberfioEfj; deccoferf, mere devised to Thomas Frederick Mackenzie

Humber/Ion, Esq;for his ’with j'everal

remainders over in Jlrid settlement) in flees, for the purpose of felling the fame, and laying out the monies to arise from fate in the purchase of certain other hereditaments, part of the tflates of the Rt . Kenneth Mackenzie, Earl of Seaforth in the kingdom of Ireland, to be settled to the uses to vahich the eRates intended to be sold nova

flandlimited.j '

After giving the royal assent to the bills, the King made the following speech.

" My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It gives me great satisfaction to find myself able to determine this long session of parliament, that you may be at liberty to return to your several countries, and attend to your private affairs, ‘after so laborious a discharge of your duty in the public service; and I take this occasion to express my sincere acknowledgement for the fresh proofs you have given me of your affectionate zeal for the support of my government, and of your just estimation of the real and permanent interests of your country.

Yeur magnanimity and perseverance in the prosecution of this just and necessary war, have enabled me to make such exertions as will, I tru ft, by the assistance of Divine Providence, disappoint the violent and unjust designs of my enemies, and bring them to listen to equitable and honourable terms of peace.

These exertions have already been attended with success by sea and land; and the late important and prosperoug

turn of affairs in North America [*63.1 affords the fairest profpeCk of the returning loyalty and affection of ray subject in the colonies, and of their happy reunion with their parent-country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I feel myself under particular obligations to thank you for the large and ample supplies you have so chearfully granted, and for the confidence you repose in me. No attention shall be wanting, on my part, to render them effectual, and to fee them faithfully applied.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Let me earnestly recommend to yon to assist me, by your influence and authority in your several counties, as you have by your unanimous support in parliament, in guarding the peace of the kingdom from future disturbances, and watching over the preservation of the public safety. Make my people sensible of the happiness they enioy, and the distinguished advantages they derive from our excellent constitution in church and state. Warn them of the hazard of innovation; point out to them the fata) conferences of such commotions as have lately been excited; and let it be your care to impress on their minds this important truth, That rebellious infur-reClions to refill or to reform the laws, must end either in the destruction of the persons who make the attempt, or in the fu bversion of our free and happy constitution.*

Then the parliament was prorogued.

A 'great many adds effes have been presented to the King, thanking his Maje-f;y for the measures he had taken to sup-piefs the late tumults. —The first was from the borough of Souihwark, which was delivered to the Earl of Hilllbo-rough, June la. by George Onslow, Esq; one of the representatives for Guildford, and Nathaniel Polhill, Esq; one of the representatives for the said borough of Southwark; and was very graciously received by his Majesty; — of which the following is a copy.

" We, your Majesty’s dutiful, loyal, and affectionate subjects, inhabitants of the ancient town and borough of Southwark, desire to approach your sacred pprfon, to return our sincere and grateful thanks for your Majesty's paternal goodness, in fending a seasonable relief of military force to protect our perfect and properties from the depredations and insult of a lawless and licentious mob,

which

Aug; 17S0. Affairt k

which were spreading terror and devastation through the metropolis and its environs, uncontrolled. Wc beg leave to allure your Majesty, we are determi- ned to use our utmost endeavours to support the honour of your Majesty's crown and dignity, the peace and good order of society, and this happy constitution as settled at the glorious Resolution. For these great and good purposes we have associated, and humbly hope for the continuance of your Majesty’s gracious protection." — Signed by 464 persons.

The next was one from the Alderman, Deputy, Common Council, and Inhabitants of the ward of Bridge-within, which was delivered to Lord Viscount Stormont, June aj. by Mr Alderman Wooldridge, and seven other gentlemen, and by his Lordship p re fen ted to the King.

An address from the city of Edinburgh was presented to his Majesty by Sir Laurence Dundas, representative in parliament for that city, being introduced by the Lord of the Bedchamber in waiting, and was very graciously received. It appeared in the Gazette of July 15. and of which the following is a copy, except the title and subscription.

" We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of your faithful city of Edinburgh, beg leave to express our fin cere congratulations on the late fuc-cdTes of your Majesty’s arms. [161.]

We eameftly hope, that the fortunate reduction of Charieftown will speedily dissolve the unlawful combinations of your Majesty’s rebellious subjects in America, open their eyes to the importance of the blelfings which they have formerly enjoyed under a mild government and a most gracious prince, and prove the means of introducing a peace equitable to them and honourable to the parent-country.

We think it our duty to declare our detestation of the outrages lately committed in the cities of London and Westminster by a most licentious mob, and to express our approbation of the wife and clfcCtual measures employed by your Majesty to quell these daring commotions.

We humbly beg leave to allure your Majesty, that, as roagiltrates and citizens, we shall exert our utmost efforts to preserve the peace and good order of

1 EogUnd. 437

the community to which we belong, and to oppose every attempt against your royal dignity and our happy constitution.

May it please your Majesty to accept of the unfeigned affiirance of our Heady attachment to your Majesty’s person, family, and government, and this expression of our sincere delire, that your Majesty, after defeating the combinations of your perfidious enemies, may long sway the feeptre over a free, a loyal, and a happy people."

An address from the Provost, Magt-strates, and Town-council of Montrose, dated, Moutrol'e, July 19. was transmitted to Lord Stormont, and by hit Lordship presented to the King.— After expressing the fenfc they entertain of his Majesty’s mild and constitutional government, they speak of the late tumults thus. " Such being the case, it was with great concern and surprise that wc beheld some of your Majesty’s subjects* who appear not to have been aflVCted with these sentiments of duty and gratitude* so natural, so just, and becoming. Ignorant, enthusiastic, and intolerant, and perhaps actuated by motives less excusable than these, they have formed themselves into illegal associations, daringly appeared in formidable numbers and hostile array, menaced the legislature, and finally proceeded to the commission of every alt the most outrageous and violent.—Whilft wc deplore the extensive and complicated misery which has arisen from such unequalled and unprovoked riots, and that any of your Majesty’s subjects should have been guilty of crimes so atrocious, we at the same time arc happy to observe the wife counsels, the necessary, legal, and effectual methods pursued by your Majesty for the suppreffi«»n of the rioters, the protection of the innocent, and the restoration of the public tranquillity. And we console our-selves with the hope, that permanent good may arise from the late troubles; particularly an universal and just fenfc of the necessity of a dutiful behaviour as subjects, and of the inestimable value of public order and legal government."

Many addresses have been presented, and they have all been very graciously received by his Majesty.

The common council of London were

divided on this subject.--- A court was

held of purpose, July 8.; and a motion for addrtfling having been made, great debates ensued. It was argued on the

one

43® Affair# in England. V0I.4

«me hand, That nb time ought to be loft In returning thanks to the Sovereign for the great benefit we had received from the assistance of the military; and on the other it was said, That, at present, ftddrefling would be highly improper; as the military, though they had been t>f use, might become a curse instead of S blessing; that therefore it would be more prudent to wait till the troops Should be recalled, and then the add re Is Would be unanimous. On the previous question, the numbers were, 4 Aldermen and 61 Commoners for putting the question, and Aldermen and 56 Commoners against putting it. The que-ftion having been then put, and agreed to, a motion was made. That Aldermen and eight Commoners be appointed ft committee to draw up the address; which was agreed to t but several Aldermen withdrawing, and there not remaining four in court, the appointment of ft committee was adjourned to the ext court.

At the next court, held July 24. the Lord Mayor, the Aldermen Harley, Townsend, Sawbridge, Bull, P!omer, Thomas, Hart, Wooldridge, Kitchen, Burnell, and Sheriff Pugh, were present. MrParish desired, that the c> m t should proceed to the nomination of the committee; and he was seconded by Mr Powell, who said, that he was strengthened in his opinion by some of the arguments made use of the preceding court -day, signifying, that if the civil inagi-flrates had done their duty, the afiilt-ftnee of the military would not have been wanted; and contending, that the more the city was neglected by those whole duty it Was as magistrates to protect it, and the greater danger it was in, it wa9 the more Incumbent on the court to express their gratitude and thankfulness to their Sovereign for the preservation he had kindly afforded them; and although the military was not at present withdrawn, (which leemed to be an objection), he was satisfied they would be, when his Majesty thought the city was perfectly safe; he therefore hoped no objection would be made to unanimously voting the address.

Mr Hurford and several other members declared their disapprobation of the bu-tiness till the military were removed.

Mr Alderman. Harley said, that six weeks had elapsed, and no one step had been taken by the civil magistrates for the better preservation and protection of the city; and that he wa9 convinced, If it had not been for the military, the city of London, to the disgrace of it, would have been demolished and laid low: his opinion was, that the court ftioald have' voted an address at the beginning of this unfortunate business, and he thought it would come with a very ill grace front the court now. He lfkeWifc said, they had ill-timed many of their proceedings; that they had gone to St James's with pc* titions and remonftrartces, when they had much better have employed them^ selves in their own bufinefics.

On the question being put, the numbers were, for addressing, 6 Aldermen, 69 Commoners, and 2 Tellers, in all 77; against it, 5 Aldermen, 60 Commoners, and a Tellers, in all 67.

A committee having been then appointed, withdrew, and soon returned, with an addrels; which havitig been twice read, was agreed to, very few hands being held up against it.

The Lord Mayor, the Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, waited upon the King, at St James’s, July 28. (being introduced by the Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain), with the address; which was read by Thomas Nugent, Esq; the Common Serjeant, viz.

*' Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the city of London, in Common Council assembled, beg your Majesty’s permission humbly to ap. proach the throne, to express our de-tcft.ition and abhorrence of those dreadful acts of violence and outrage which have lately been committed by a set of abandoned and desperate men, who, in the prosecution of their wicked purposes, assembled in Inch numbers as to overwhelm all civil authority, and render the exertions of the magistrates ineffectual. Thus circumstanced, nothing less than that armed force, with the direction of which your Majesty is constitutionally intrusted, could have refeued ua from the horrors with which we were surrounded: that force youf Majesty, in your great goodness, was most graciously pleased to send to our protection 5 and by its happy interposition our properties have been secured from further depredation, and peace and tranquillity again restored. For this your Majesty *9 paternal care shown to your ancient and loyal city of London; We beg to prefc.tt

our

c . Le

Aug. 17* Affairs4n

| our mo ft fmccre and grateful thinks: suid f at the same time we a flu re your Maje<i fty, that every event which can possibly 1 add to the happiness of any branch of youfauguft family* or give additional lustre and dignity to your crown, will e-! vjrr be received by us with the most heartfelt fetrsfaction.’*

The King’s answer follows.

" I thank you for this dutiful and loyal address. Your detestation of the \ late rebellious tumuks, and the grati- tilde you expref9 for the roeafures taken to supprtfs them, and to restore the public tranquillity, are highly agreeable to me.

My concern for the welfare and prosperity of the great metropolis of my I kingdom, makes me feel a particular fa-' tisfaction in the prevention of that de-struction that threatened your properties, and in the re-establishment of legal order, under which alone they can be secured."

They were all received very graciously, and had the honour to kiss his Majesty’s hand.

On the pth of August, Thomas Well-jogs, Gabriel Leekcy, Thomas Moore, Thomas Browne, William Gill, Thomas ilherwood, William Watlington, George Friend, John Clements, Robert Sowcrby, William. White, and John Jones, Kfqs, being introduced by the Lord of his Majesty’s Bed-chamber in waiting, presented to the King the following address: which his Majesty was pirated to receive very graciously; and they had the honour to kiss his Majesty’s hand.

" Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects. Liverymen, Freemen, and others, inhabitants of the city of London, whose names arc hereunto subscribed, with sentiments full of duty and affection to your Majesty’s person and family, humbly beg leave to expre& our moil grateful thanks for that prote&ion, which, by the wisdom, vigilance, and activity of your Majesty in Council* was io fcafonably given us, at a time when our lives, property, and every thing dear to us, were in such imminent danger, from the violence of the most outrageous banditti that ever ex-ifted.

We are fenftble, from your Majesty *s tender and paternal regard for your people, that it hat cre$ been your fixed

England. 439

determination to make, the law of thf land the rule of your government; am| have the most lively sense of your Majesty’s tenderness and companion, which have been exercised with such temper and moderation, in the execution of those laws, at a time when the heinouf-ness of the offences which had been committed, might have jullifled the greate.4 rigour.

Convinced of the blessings we enjof under your Majesty’s mild and aufpi-cious government, we beg leave to af-sure your Majesty, that the ftritfeft attention shall be paid by us to the laws of our country; and that we will exert ourselves, on every occasion, in guarding the peace of this city against future disturbances."

[Signed by 2769 respe<stable names.]

York corporation was no left divided: than that of London. —* A letter, dated, York, July ay. runs thus.

" At a meeting of the corporation at the Guildhall on Tuesday lad, a mo-r tion was made for an address to his Mt-jelly on the succesa of his arms io the* taking of Charlestown, and for thepru* dent and speedy suppression of the late tumuks in the metropolis. After fame debate, on a division there.appeared for the motion 17, against it 15; whereupon a committee was appointed to draw up an address, and lay it before the corporation on Friday at the Guildhall. On which day an address was accorw dingly presented; when a motion waa made, and seconded, that it should be thrown over the table; but after fame' debate the motion was withdrawn, and the following address was read.

" To the King’9 Most Excellent Majesty, The humble Address of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Commonalty of the City of York, m Common Council afi'embled.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal subjects, the Lord Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Commonalty, of your city of York, beg leave to offer our hearty congratulations to your Ma* -jelly on the late glorious and important succestes of your arms ip South Caron lina.

Your Majesty’s royal clemency, so li-bcrally offered to your deluded subjects in the colonies, and the humane and inn dulgeut treatment those at Charlestown

ha vo

'440 Affair* in Cogfand. Vo!. 42.

Invr experienced, in the very moment of vflory, from the wife and brave commanders of your Majesty* force??, afford the most just and powerful encouragements to returning loyalty and obedience, and leave no excuse to those Who still persevere in resistance.

It becomes U6 also, with the warmest gratitude, to acknowledge your Majesty's paternal solicitnde for the protection of your dominions at home, demon* strated in the prudent and speedy sup-^reflion of the late wicked and destructive tumults in your metropolis. We are fully sensible, that our re'igious and civil liberties can no longer he fectire than whilst the authority of your Majesty’s government is duly supported, and that universal submission to law and order is efl’ential to the public happiness and prosperity.

May a cordial reunion of your Majesty’® American colonies with their parent-country sperdily take effect, to the total disapp.'intment of the enemies of Tonr crown, and the general joy and iati*faCl»oo of your Majesty and all your loyal subject."

Hereupon a long debate ensued; and, on a division, it was approved by 19, and disapproved by 2$; consequently dropped."

At a meeting of the committee of affreiation, held at York, Aug. 8. the following resolutions were unanimousty a-grred to.

Resolved, That the Rt Hon. the Earl of Effingham, Charles Turner, Esq; the Rev. Mr Walker, John Anderson, E6r the Rev. Mr Lawton, William T. JolifT, Esq; William Waines, Esq; \Villiam Fenton, jun. Esq; and William Buck, Esq; be added to this committee.

Whereas, from the late abominable outrages committed by the lowest classes of the populace in London, occasion bath been taken, by persons hostile to the just rights and freedom of the people, to defame the affbeiation of this county, and of other counties and principal corporations of England, as being calculated to produce similar acts of violence; notwithstanding the express and solemn declaration of their purpose to support, by legal and pacific mer, the propofi-

tlons for a reform in the expenditure of public money, and for a more equal representation of the people, and shorter duration of parliament

Resolved. That, from whatever quarter these defamatory suggestions may have come, this committee doth bold them in contempt, as mifreprelcntatuHit vainly contrived to intimidate and deter the associated bodies from the proie-ention of their joft and necessary plas of public reformation.

Resolved, That notwithstanding the rejection of every material regulation proposed to parliament during the last frifion, for introducing a more cecono-mical management of the public revenues, and effecting a proper diminntion of the excessive influence of the crown, in conformity to the wilshes of the people, and to the vote of the House of Commons itself on the 6th of April last [309.]; this committee doth confide in the firmness and energy of the nation; not doubting but their strady pirfeverance in an orderly and legal support of the measures of their respective aflbeiations, will, in doe time, be found effectual to obtain a complete re-dress of those alarming evils; and also to correct the inveterate abuses in the duration of, and representation in which are the true origin and (onrcc of all our national grievances.

Resolved, That if, on any future unhappy interruption of the public peace, orders shall be issued to the military force to disarm peaceable subjects, being Protestants, under any pretence of example or precedent drawn from any order given to that effect daring the late tumults in London, such orders onght not to be complied with, being contrary to the natural right of {elf-defence, contrary to the pofitivelawof the land, and directly tending to the utter ruin of our liberties by the introduction of a military government. v

Resolved, That the interference of the military for the suppression of riot# not under the direction of the civil magi-tlrate, but at the discretion of their commanding officer, is a dangerous deviation from the usual constitutional practice during the reigns of the two first princes of the House of Hanover, which the most urgent and evident necessity a-lone can render excusable.

Resolved, That, however the order for the interference of the military at their discretion for the suppression of the late riots in the metropolis, may have 1 been unavoidable from the pressing circumftaoces of the case, viz,from the great-

neis 1

L.

Aug. 1780. Affairs m l

ticfs of the danger, and the intimidation of the magi ft racy from the due execution of their office in maintaining or rfcftoring the public peace; yet the ex-tenfton of similar orders to the army in Other parts of the kingdom, where no pressing danger actually exists, and where tto retaflance in the magistracy to perform their duty can be reasonably fuf-pefied, cannot be defended on any real ground of necessity.

Resolved, That it is the dearest interest of every private subject, as well as his bounden duty by the law of the land, to exert himself, according to his ntmost ability, to maintain the peace of the country; (b that good order may, without the aid or interposition of any military force, be effectually preferred within the same.

Resolved, That this committee doth inoft eameftly recommend to all substantial householders, to be ready and prepared, on the first appearance of any riotous commotion, to assist in maintaining peace and good order, under the directions of the civil magistrate.

Resolved, That this committee will, at a future meeting, proceed to a nomination of delegates to attend in London next winter, to communicate with the delegates of other petitioning or associated bodies, on the means of carrying into effect the objects of their petitions or associations. [199.]

Resolved, That, as we do not flatter ourselves, that the commission of accounts appointed by the late act [435.], promises the public that effectual re-firefs which it wifhet, Mr Burke be de-lired to present again, in the next session of parliament, his hill, " for the better regulation of his Majesty’s civil establishments, and of certain public offices; for the limitation of pensions, and the suppressing of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient places, and for applying the monies saved thereby to the public service;" and that the chairman be requested to write to Mr Burke accordingly."

---

The late tumults have produced one good effect, a reconciliation between the King and his brothers.— A card was sent, 'tis said, by the Duke of Gloucester to the King, on Thursday, June 8. to the following purport: That he presented his humble duty to his Majesty, begging to be immediately employed in the defence of his person at so critical a time as the present." The King instantly wrote an answer full of affection and tenderness, appointing the next evening for a meeting. They accordingly met at the Queen’s palace, and were together above an hour. The consequence was, that next day the King saw the Duke of Cumberland, and a fraternal affecttion took place between the three Royal brothers.

In the London Gazette of July 29. the following article appeared.——

"Kennet, Mayor.—A common council holden in the chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on Monday, the 24th day of July 1780; — Resolved unanimously, That the thanks of this court be given to the officers and privates who have done duty in this city, for their exemplary conduit and strict attention to military discipline, during the late alarming riots." - The military began to remove out Of the city next day. [412.]

